item 1a.   risk factors
we operate in a market and regulatory environment that involves significant risks, many of which are beyond our control. in addition to the other information included or incorporated by reference in this form 10-k, the following factors should be considered in evaluating our business and future prospects. any of the following risks, either alone or taken together, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
risks related to our industry and business operations our utility operations are subject to extensive economic regulation by state pucs and other regulatory agencies, which significantly affects our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. our utility operations also may be subject to fines, penalties and other sanctions for the inability to meet these regulatory requirements.
our regulated businesses provide water and wastewater services to our customers through subsidiaries that are subject to economic regulation by state pucs. economic regulation affects the rates we charge our customers and has a significant impact on our business and results of operations. generally, the state pucs authorize us to charge rates that they determine are sufficient to recover our prudently incurred operating expenses, including, but not limited to, operating and maintenance costs, depreciation, financing costs and taxes, and provide us the opportunity to earn an appropriate rate of return on invested capital.
our ability to successfully implement our business plan and strategy depends on the rates authorized by the various state pucs. we periodically file rate increase applications with state pucs. the ensuing administrative process may be lengthy and costly. our rate increase requests may or may not be approved, or may be partially approved, and any approval may not occur in a timely manner. moreover, a puc may not approve a rate request to an extent that is sufficient to:
·   cover our expenses, including purchased water and costs of chemicals, fuel and other commodities used in our operations;
·   enable us to recover our investment; and
·   provide us with an opportunity to earn an appropriate rate of return on our investment.
approval of the pucs is also required in connection with other aspects of our utilities' operations. state pucs are empowered to impose financial penalties, fines and other sanctions for non-compliance with applicable rules and regulations. our utilities are also required to have numerous permits, approvals and certificates from the pucs that regulate their businesses. although we believe that each utility subsidiary has obtained or sought renewal of the material permits, approvals and certificates necessary for its existing operations, we are unable to predict the impact that future regulatory activities may have on our business.
in any of these cases, our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity may be adversely affected. even if rates are sufficient, we face the risk that we will not achieve the rates of return on our invested capital to the extent permitted by state pucs. this could occur if certain conditions exist, including but not limited to, if water usage is less than the level anticipated in establishing rates, or if our investments or expenses prove to be higher than the level estimated in establishing rates.
our operations and the quality of water we supply are subject to extensive environmental, water quality and health and safety laws and regulations. compliance with increasingly stringent laws and regulations could impact our operating costs; and violations of such laws and regulations could subject us to substantial liabilities and costs.
our water and wastewater operations, as well as the operations of our market-based businesses, are subject to extensive federal, state and local laws and regulations and, in the case of our canadian operations, canadian laws and regulations that govern the protection of the environment, health and safety, the quality of the water we deliver to our customers, water allocation rights, and the manner in which we collect, treat, discharge and dispose of wastewater. these requirements include cercla, the clean water act and the safe drinking water act, and similar state and canadian laws and regulations. for example, cercla authorizes the epa to issue orders and bring enforcement actions to compel responsible parties to investigate and take remedial actions with respect to actual or threatened releases of hazardous substances, and can impose joint and several liability, without regard to fault, on responsible parties for the costs thereof. we are also required to obtain various environmental permits from regulatory agencies for our operations.
in addition, state pucs also set conditions and standards for the water and wastewater services we deliver. if we deliver water or wastewater services to our customers that do not comply with regulatory standards, or otherwise violate environmental laws, regulations or permits, or other health and safety and water quality regulations, we could incur substantial fines, penalties or other sanctions or costs, as well as damage to our reputation. in the most serious cases, regulators could reduce requested rate increases or force us to discontinue operations and sell our operating assets to another utility or to a municipality. given the nature of our business which, in part, involves supplying water for human consumption, any potential non-compliance with, or violation of, environmental, water quality and health and safety laws or regulations would likely pose a more significant risk to us than to a company not similarly involved in the water and wastewater industry.
we incur substantial operating and capital costs on an ongoing basis to comply with environmental, water quality and health and safety laws and regulations. these laws and regulations, and their enforcement, generally have become more stringent over time, and new or stricter requirements could increase our costs. although we may seek to recover ongoing compliance costs in our rates, there can be no guarantee that the various state pucs or similar regulatory bodies that govern our regulated businesses would approve rate increases that would enable us to recover such costs or that such costs will not materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
we may also incur liabilities if, under environmental laws and regulations, we are required to investigate and clean up environmental contamination at our properties, including potential spills of hazardous chemicals, such as chlorine, which we use to treat water, or at off-site locations where we have disposed of waste or caused an adverse environmental impact. the discovery of previously unknown conditions, or the imposition of cleanup obligations in the future, could result in significant costs and could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity. such remediation costs may not be covered by insurance and may make it difficult for us to secure insurance at acceptable rates in the future.
limitations on availability of water supplies or restrictions on our use of water supplies as a result of government regulation or action may adversely affect our access to sources of water, our ability to supply water to customers or the demand for our water services.
our ability to meet the existing and future demand of our customers depends on the availability of an adequate supply of water. as a general rule, sources of public water supply, including rivers, lakes, streams and groundwater aquifers, are held in the public trust and are not owned by private interests. as a result, we typically do not own the water that we use in our operations, and the availability of our water supply is established through allocation rights (determined by legislation or court decisions) and passing-flow requirements set by governmental entities. passing-flow requirements set minimum volumes of water that must pass through specified water sources, such as rivers and streams, in order to maintain environmental habitats and meet water allocation rights of downstream users. allocation rights are imposed to ensure sustainability of major water sources and passing-flow requirements are most often imposed on source waters from smaller rivers, lakes and streams. these requirements, which can change from time to time, may adversely impact our water supply. supply issues, such as drought, overuse of sources of water, the protection of threatened species or habitats, or other factors may limit the availability of ground and surface water.
for example, in our monterey county, california operations, we are seeking to augment our sources of water supply, principally to comply with an october 20, 2009 cease and desist order (the "2009 order") of the california state water resources control board that requires cal am to significantly decrease its diversions from the carmel river in accordance with a reduction schedule presently running through december 31, 2016 (the "2016 deadline"). we are also required to augment our monterey county sources of water supply to comply with the requirements of the endangered species act. in november 2015, cal am filed an application with the state water resources control board to modify the 2009 order to extend the deadline for compliance to december 31, 2020. we cannot predict whether cal am will be able to extend the 2016 deadline or secure alternative sources of water, or if cal am will be exposed to liabilities if it is unable to meet the 2016 deadline under the 2009 order. if cal am or any of our other subsidiaries are unable to secure an alternative source of water, or if other adverse consequences result from the events described above, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected. see item 3-legal proceedings in this report, which includes additional information regarding this matter.
the current regulatory rate setting structure may result in a significant delay, also known as "regulatory lag," from the time that we invest in infrastructure improvements, incur increased operating expenses or experience declining water usage, to the time at which we can address these events through the rate case application process; our inability to minimize regulatory lag could adversely affect our business.
there is typically a delay, known as "regulatory lag," between the time one of our regulated subsidiaries makes a capital investment or incurs an operating expense increase and the time when those costs are reflected in rates. in addition, billings permitted by state pucs typically are, to a considerable extent, based on the volume of water usage in addition to a minimum base rate. thus, we may experience regulatory lag between the time our revenues are affected by declining usage and the time we are able to adjust the rate per gallon of usage to address declining usage. our inability to reduce this regulatory lag could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
we endeavor to reduce regulatory lag by pursuing positive regulatory policies. for example, seven state pucs permit rates to be adjusted outside of the rate case application process through surcharges that address certain capital investments, such as replacement of aging infrastructure. these surcharges are adjusted periodically based on factors such as project completion or future budgeted expenditures, and specific surcharges are eliminated once the related capital investment is incorporated in new puc approved rates. other examples of such programs include states that allow us to increase rates for certain cost increases that are beyond our control, such as purchased water costs or property or other taxes, or power, conservation, chemical or other expenditures. these surcharge mechanisms enable us to adjust rates in less time after costs have been incurred than would be the case under the rate case application process. while these programs have been a positive development and we continue to seek expansion of programs to mitigate regulatory lag, some state pucs which govern our regulated operations have not approved such programs. furthermore, pucs may fail to adopt new surcharge programs and existing programs may not continue in their current form, or at all. furthermore, no state has adopted surcharge programs that include all elements of cost that may change between general rate proceedings. although we intend to continue our efforts to expand state puc approval of surcharges to address issues of regulatory lag, our efforts may not be successful, or even if successful they may not completely address our regulatory lag, in which case our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity may be materially and adversely affected.
changes in laws and regulations over which we do not control and changes in certain agreements can significantly affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
new legislation, regulations, government policies or court decisions can materially affect our operations. the individuals who serve as regulators are elected or are political appointees. therefore, elections which result in a change of political administration or new appointments may also result in changes in the individuals who serve as regulators and the policies of the regulatory agencies that they serve. new laws or regulations, new interpretations of existing laws or regulations, changes in agency policy, including those made in response to shifts in public opinion, or conditions imposed during the regulatory hearing process could have the following consequences, among others:
·   making it more difficult for us to raise our rates and, as a consequence, to recover our costs or earn our expected rates of return;
·   changing the determination of the costs, or the amount of costs, that would be considered recoverable in rate cases;
·   restricting our ability to terminate our services to customers who owe us money for services previously provided or limiting our bill collection efforts;
·   requiring us to provide water services at reduced rates to certain customers;
·   restricting our ability to buy or sell assets or issue securities;
·   negatively impacting the deductibility of expenses under federal or state tax laws, the amount of tax credits or tax abatement benefits that may be available, the amount of taxes owed, or the ability to utilize our net operating loss carryforwards;
·   changing regulations that affect the benefits we expected to receive when we began offering services in a particular area;
·   changing or placing additional limitations on change in control requirements relating to any concentration of ownership of our common stock;
·   making it easier for governmental entities to convert our assets to public ownership via eminent domain;
·   placing limitations, prohibitions or other requirements with respect to the sharing of information and participation in transactions by or between a regulated subsidiary and us or our other affiliates, including our service company and any of our other subsidiaries;
·   restricting or prohibiting our extraction of water from rivers, streams, reservoirs or aquifers; and
·   revoking or altering the terms of the certificates of public convenience and necessity (or similar authorizations) issued to us by state pucs.
any of the foregoing consequences could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
service disruptions caused by severe weather conditions or natural disasters may disrupt our operations and economic conditions may reduce the demand for water services, either of which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
service interruptions due to severe weather events are possible across all our service areas. these include winter storms and freezing conditions, high wind conditions, hurricanes, tornados, earthquakes, landslides, coastal and intercoastal floods or high water conditions, including those in or near designated flood plains, and severe electrical storms. weather events such as these may affect the condition or operability of our facilities, limiting or preventing us from delivering water or wastewater services to our customers, or requiring us to make substantial capital expenditures to repair any damage. for example, in october 2012, our east coast subsidiaries were affected by hurricane sandy. the most significant impact to our business was caused by the widespread power outages caused by the storm's heavy winds, rain and snow. in addition, adverse economic conditions can cause our customers, particularly industrial customers, to curtail operations. a curtailment of operations by an industrial customer would typically result in reduced water usage. in more severe circumstances, the decline in usage could be permanent. any decrease in demand resulting from difficult economic conditions could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
government restrictions on water use may also result in decreased use of water services, even if our water supplies are sufficient to serve our customers, which may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. seasonal drought conditions that would impact our water services are possible across all of our service areas. if a regional drought were to occur, governmental restrictions may be imposed on all systems within a region independent of the supply adequacy of any individual system. for example, as a result of a four-year period of reduced rainfall and overall dry conditions throughout the state of california, cal am has been closely monitoring its owned and purchased water supplies. in april 2015, the governor of california mandated water usage restrictions to reduce overall water usage by 25% in the state compared to 2013 usage levels. although such restrictions are scheduled to expire in february 2016, the governor of california issued an executive order in november 2015 extending the restrictions through october 31, 2016 if drought conditions persist through january 2016. while expenses incurred in implementing water conservation and rationing plans in cal am's districts are generally recoverable provided the california public utilities commission (the "cpuc") determines they were reasonable, cal am cannot assure that such expenses will, in fact, be fully recovered. moreover, reductions in water consumption, including those resulting from installation of equipment or changed consumer behavior, may persist even after drought restrictions are repealed and the drought has ended, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
some scientific experts are predicting a worsening of weather volatility in the future. changing severe weather patterns could require additional expenditures to reduce the risk associated with any increasing storm, flood and drought occurrences. the issue of climate change is receiving increased attention worldwide. many climate change predictions, if true, present several potential challenges to water and wastewater utilities, such as: increased frequency and duration of droughts, increased precipitation and flooding, potential degradation of water quality, and changes in demand for services. because of the uncertainty of weather volatility related to climate change, we cannot predict its potential impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
our regulated businesses require significant capital expenditures and may suffer if we fail to secure appropriate funding to make investments, or if we experience delays in completing major capital expenditure projects.
the water and wastewater utility business is capital intensive. we invest significant amounts of capital to add, replace and maintain property, plant and equipment. in 2015, we invested $1.2 billion in net company-funded capital improvements. the level of capital expenditures necessary to maintain the integrity of our systems could increase in the future. we expect to fund capital improvement projects using cash generated from operations, borrowings under our revolving credit facility and commercial paper programs and issuances of long-term debt. we may not be able to access the debt and equity capital markets, when necessary or desirable to fund capital improvements on favorable terms or at all.
in addition, we could be limited in our ability to both pursue growth and pay dividends in accordance with our dividend policy. in order to fund construction expenditures, acquisitions, principal and interest payments on our indebtedness, and dividends at the level currently anticipated under our dividend policy, we expect that we will need additional financing.
the ability to obtain financing at reasonable rates is contingent upon our credit ratings and general market conditions. if we do not obtain sufficient financing, we could be unable to maintain our existing property, plant and equipment, fund our capital investment strategies, meet our growth targets and expand our rate base to enable us to earn satisfactory future returns on our investments. even with adequate financial resources to make required capital expenditures, we face the additional risk that we will not complete our major capital projects on time, as a result of construction delays, permitting delays, labor shortages or other disruptions, environmental restrictions, or other obstacles. each of these outcomes could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
weather conditions could adversely affect demand for our water service and our revenues.
demand for our water during the warmer months is generally greater than during cooler months due primarily to increased water usage for irrigation systems, swimming pools, cooling systems and other applications. throughout the year, and particularly during typically warmer months, demand tends to vary with temperature, rainfall levels and rainfall frequency. in the event that temperatures during the typically warmer months are cooler than normal, or if there is more rainfall than normal, the demand for our water may decrease and adversely affect our revenues.
regulatory and environmental risks associated with the collection, treatment and disposal of wastewater may impose significant costs.
the wastewater collection, treatment and disposal operations of our subsidiaries are subject to substantial regulation and involve significant environmental risks. if collection, treatment or disposal systems fail, overflow, or do not operate properly, untreated wastewater or other contaminants could spill onto nearby properties or into nearby streams and rivers, causing damage to persons or property, injury to aquatic life and economic damages. this risk is most acute during periods of substantial rainfall or flooding, which are the main causes of sewer overflow and system failure. liabilities resulting from such damage could adversely and materially affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. moreover, if we are deemed liable for any damage caused by overflow or disposal operations, our losses might not be covered by insurance, and such losses may make it difficult for us to secure insurance at acceptable rates in the future.
contamination of our sources of water could result in service limitations and interruptions and exposure to substances not typically found in potable water supplies, and could subject our subsidiaries to reduction in usage and other responsive obligations, government enforcement actions and private litigation.
the water supplies that flow into our treatment plants and are then delivered into our distribution system are subject to contamination, including contamination from naturally-occurring compounds, chemicals in groundwater systems, pollution resulting from man-made sources, such as perchlorate and methyl tertiary butyl ether, chemical spills or other accidents that result in contaminants entering the water source, and possible terrorist attacks. if one of our water supplies is contaminated, depending on the nature of the contamination, we may have to take responsive actions that could include, among other things (1) continuing limited use of the water supply under a "do not use" protective order that enables continuation of basic sanitation and essential fire protection, or (2) interrupting the use of that water supply. if service is disrupted, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity and reputation may be adversely affected. in addition, we may incur significant costs in order to treat the contaminated source through expansion of our current treatment facilities, or development of new treatment methods. we may be unable to recover costs associated with treating or decontaminating water supplies through rates, or recovery of these costs may not occur in a timely manner. moreover, we could be subject to claims for damages arising from government enforcement actions or toxic tort or other lawsuits arising out of interruption of service or human exposure to hazardous substances in our drinking water supplies.
in this regard, on january 9, 2014, a chemical storage tank owned by freedom industries, inc. leaked two substances into the elk river near the wvawc treatment plant intake in charleston, west virginia. wvawc has and may continue to incur significant costs in responding to this incident and may not be able to recover such costs through rates or from insurers. even if recovery is possible, it may not occur in a timely manner. government investigations relating to the freedom industries spill have been initiated, state laws have been enacted, state and federal legislatures are considering changes to existing laws or rules associated with new laws, and there are 68 currently pending lawsuits against wvawc and, in a few cases, against us or our affiliates. while american water and wvawc believe that wvawc has responded appropriately to, and has no responsibility for, the freedom industries spill, and american water and wvawc believe they and other affiliates have valid, meritorious defenses to the lawsuits, wvawc will incur defense costs that may not be recoverable. moreover, an adverse outcome in one or more of the lawsuits could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity and reputation. wvawc and american water are unable to predict the outcome of the ongoing government investigations or any legislative initiatives that might affect water utility operations. see item 3-legal proceedings for additional information regarding this matter.
since we engage in the business of providing drinking water to our customers, contamination of the water supply can result in substantial injury or damage to our customers, employees or others and we could be exposed to substantial claims and litigation. such claims could relate to, among other things, personal injury, loss of life, business interruption, property damage, pollution, and environmental damage and may be brought by our customers or third parties. litigation and regulatory proceedings are subject to inherent uncertainties and unfavorable rulings can and do occur. pending or future claims against us could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we may sustain losses that exceed or are excluded from our insurance coverage or for which we are not insured.
we maintain insurance coverage as part of our overall legal and risk management strategy to minimize potential liabilities arising from our utility operations, as well as the operations of our market-based businesses. our insurance programs have varying coverage limits, exclusions and maximums, and insurance companies may seek to deny claims we might make. generally, our insurance policies cover property damage, worker's compensation, employer's liability, general liability, terrorism risks and automobile liability. each policy includes deductibles or self-insured retentions and policy limits for covered claims. as a result, we may sustain losses that exceed or that are excluded from our insurance coverage or for which we are not insured.
although in the past we have been generally able to cover our insurance needs, there can be no assurances that we can secure all necessary or appropriate insurance in the future, or that such insurance can be economically secured. for example, catastrophic events can result in decreased coverage limits, more limited coverage, increased premium costs or deductibles.
we are subject to adverse publicity and reputational risks, which make us vulnerable to negative customer perception and could lead to increased regulatory oversight or other sanctions.
water and wastewater utilities, including our regulated subsidiaries, have a large consumer customer base and as a result are exposed to public criticism regarding, among other things, the reliability of their water and wastewater services, the quality of water provided, and the timeliness and accuracy of bills that are provided for such services. adverse publicity and negative consumer sentiment may render legislatures and other governing bodies, state pucs and other regulatory authorities, and government officials less likely to view companies such american water and its regulated subsidiaries in a favorable light, and may cause american water and its regulated subsidiaries to be susceptible to less favorable legislative and regulatory outcomes, as well as increased regulatory oversight and more stringent regulatory requirements. unfavorable regulatory outcomes may include the enactment of more stringent laws and regulations governing our operations, as well as fines, penalties or other sanctions or requirements. the imposition of any of the foregoing could have a material negative impact on american water and each of our regulated subsidiaries' business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the failure of, or the requirement to repair, upgrade or dismantle, any of our dams may adversely affect our financial condition results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
the properties of our regulation businesses segment include 81 dams, a failure of any of which could result in personal injury and downstream property damage for which we may be liable. the failure of a dam would also adversely affect our ability to supply water in sufficient quantities to our customers and could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. any losses or liabilities incurred due to a failure of one of our dams might not be covered by insurance policies or be recoverable in rates, and such losses may make it difficult for us to secure insurance at acceptable rates in the future.
we also are required from time to time to decommission, repair or upgrade the dams that we own. the cost of such repairs or upgrades can be and has been material. the federal and state agencies that regulate our operations may adopt rules and regulations requiring us to dismantle our dams, which also could entail material costs. although in most cases, the puc has permitted recovery of expenses and capital investment related to dam rehabilitation, we might not be able to recover costs of repairs, upgrades or dismantling through rates in the future. the inability to recover these costs or delayed recovery of the costs as a result of regulatory lag can affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
any failure of our network of water and wastewater pipes and water reservoirs could result in losses and damages that may affect our financial condition and reputation.
our operating subsidiaries distribute water and collect wastewater through an extensive network of pipes and storage systems located across the united states. a failure of major pipes or reservoirs could result in injuries and property damage for which we may be liable. the failure of major pipes and reservoirs may also result in the need to shut down some facilities or parts of our network in order to conduct repairs. such failures and shutdowns may limit our ability to supply water in sufficient quantities to our customers and to meet the water and wastewater delivery requirements prescribed by government regulators, including state pucs with jurisdiction over our operations, and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity and reputation. any business interruption or other losses might not be covered by insurance policies or be recoverable in rates, and such losses may make it difficult for us to secure insurance at acceptable rates in the future. moreover, to the extent such business interruptions or other losses are not covered by insurance, they may not be recovered through rate adjustments.
an important part of our growth strategy is the acquisition of water and wastewater systems. any further acquisitions we undertake may involve risks. further, competition for acquisition opportunities from other regulated utilities, governmental entities, and strategic and financial buyers may hinder our ability to grow our business.
an important element of our growth strategy is the acquisition of water and wastewater systems in order to broaden our current, and move into new, service areas. we may not be able to acquire other businesses if we cannot identify suitable acquisition opportunities or reach mutually agreeable terms with acquisition candidates. further, competition for acquisition opportunities from other regulated utilities, governmental entities, and strategic and financial buyers may hinder our ability to expand our business.
the negotiation of potential acquisitions as well as the integration of acquired businesses with our existing operations could require us to incur significant costs and cause diversion of our management's time and resources. future acquisitions by us could result in, among other things:
·   incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities, environmental liabilities and assumption of liabilities of an acquired business, including liabilities that were unknown at the time of acquisition;
·   failure to recover of acquisition premiums;
·   unanticipated capital expenditures;
·   issuances of our equity securities;
·   failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting;
·   recording goodwill and other intangible assets at values that ultimately may be subject to impairment charges;
·   unanticipated acquisition-related expenses;
·   failure to realize anticipated benefits, such as cost savings and revenue enhancements; and
·   difficulties assimilating personnel, services and systems.
some or all of these items could have a material adverse effect on our business and our ability to finance our business, pay dividends and to comply with regulatory requirements. the businesses we acquire in the future may not achieve anticipated sales and profitability, and any difficulties we encounter in the integration process could interfere with our operations, reduce our operating margins and adversely affect our internal control over financial reporting.
we compete with governmental entities, other regulated utilities, and strategic and financial buyers, for acquisition opportunities. if consolidation becomes more prevalent in the water and wastewater industries and competition for acquisitions increases, the prices for suitable acquisition candidates may increase to unacceptable levels and limit our ability to expand through acquisitions. in addition, our competitors may impede our growth by purchasing water utilities adjacent to or near our existing service areas, thereby impairing our ability to geographically expand the affected service areas. competing governmental entities, utilities, environmental or social
activist groups, and strategic and financial buyers have challenged, and may in the future challenge, our efforts to acquire new companies and/or service areas. our growth could be hindered if we are not able to compete effectively for new companies and/or service areas with other companies or strategic and financial buyers that have lower costs of operations. any of these risks may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the assets of our regulated businesses are subject to condemnation through eminent domain or other similar authorized process.
municipalities and other government subdivisions have historically been involved in the provision of water and wastewater services in the united states, and organized efforts may arise from time to time in one or more of the service areas in which our regulated businesses operate to convert our assets to public ownership and operation through exercise of the governmental power of eminent domain, or another similar authorized process. should a municipality or other government subdivision or a citizen group seek to acquire our assets through eminent domain or such other process, either directly or indirectly as a result of a citizen petition, we may resist the acquisition.
contesting an exercise of condemnation through eminent domain or other process, or responding to a citizen petition, may result in costly legal proceedings and may divert the attention of the affected regulated businesses' management from the operation of its business. moreover, our efforts to resist the condemnation or process may not be successful.
if a municipality or other government subdivision succeeds in acquiring the assets of one or more of our regulated businesses through eminent domain or other process, there is a risk that we will not receive adequate compensation for the business, that we will not be able to keep the compensation, or that we will not be able to divest the business without incurring significant one-time charges.
we rely on technology to facilitate the management of our business and customer and supplier relationships, and a disruption of these systems could adversely affect our business.
our technology systems, particularly our information technology ("it") systems, are an integral part of our business, and a serious disruption of our it systems could significantly limit our ability to manage and operate our business efficiently, which, in turn, could cause our business and competitive position to suffer and adversely affect our results of operations. for example, we depend on our it systems to bill customers, process orders, provide customer service, manage construction projects, manage our financial records, track assets, remotely monitor certain of our plants and facilities and manage human resources, inventory and accounts receivable collections. our it systems also enable us to purchase products from our suppliers and bill customers on a timely basis, maintain cost-effective operations and provide service to our customers. while we completed in the fourth quarter of 2013 the business transformation implementation for our enterprise resource planning, enterprise asset management ("eam") and customer information ("cis") systems, and we are in the process of implementing a similar system for our american water enterprises business, a number of our mission and business critical it systems are older, such as our scada (supervisory control and data acquisition) system. although we do not believe that our it systems are at a materially greater risk of cybersecurity incidents than other similar organizations, our it systems remain vulnerable to damage or interruption from:
·   power loss, computer systems failures, and internet, telecommunications or data network failures;
·   physical and electronic loss of customer data due to security breaches, cyber attacks, misappropriation and similar events;
·   intentional security breaches, hacking, denial of services actions, misappropriation of data and similar events; and
these events may result in physical and electronic loss of customer or financial data, security breaches, misappropriation and other adverse consequences. in addition, the lack of redundancy for certain of our it systems, including billing systems, could exacerbate the impact of any of these events on us.
in addition, we may not be successful in developing or acquiring technology that is competitive and responsive to the needs of our business, and we might lack sufficient resources to make the necessary upgrades or replacements of outdated existing technology to enable us to continue to operate at our current level of efficiency.
as operators of critical infrastructure, we may face a heightened risk of physical and/or cyber attacks. our water and wastewater systems may be vulnerable to disability or failures as a result of physical or cyber acts of war or terrorism, vandalism or other causes. our corporate and information technology systems may be vulnerable to unauthorized access due to hacking, viruses, acts of war or terrorism, and other causes. unauthorized access to confidential information located or stored on these systems could negatively and materially impact our customers, employees, suppliers and other third parties.
if, despite our security measures, a significant physical attack or cyber breach occurred, we could have our operations disrupted, property damaged, and customer information stolen; experience substantial loss of revenues, response costs, and other financial loss; and be subject to increased regulation, litigation, and damage to our reputation, any of which could have a negative impact on our business, results of operations and cash flows.
our inability to efficiently optimize and stabilize new it systems could result in higher than expected costs or otherwise adversely impact our internal controls environment, operations and profitability.
over the past several years, we have implemented, and are in the process of implementing with respect to our american water enterprises business, improvements to our business processes and upgrading our legacy core information technology systems. these enterprise-wide initiatives support our broader strategic initiatives and are intended to optimize workflow throughout our field operations, improve our back-office operations and enhance our customer service capabilities. any technical or other difficulties in optimizing and stabilizing new it systems and other technology may increase the costs of the project beyond those anticipated and have an adverse effect on our operations and reporting processes, including our internal control over financial reporting. although efforts are being made to minimize any adverse impact on our controls, we cannot assure that all such impacts have been mitigated.
as we make adjustments to our operations, we may incur incremental expenses prior to realizing the benefits of a more efficient workforce and operating structure. further, we may not realize anticipated cost improvements and greater efficiencies from the project.
we operate numerous it systems that are in various stages of integration, sometimes leading to inefficiencies. therefore, delays in stabilization and optimization of these systems will also delay cost savings and efficiencies expected to result from the project. we may also experience difficulties consolidating our current systems, moving to a common set of operational processes and implementing a successful change management process. these difficulties may impact our ability to meet customer needs efficiently. any such delays or difficulties may have a material and adverse impact on our business, client relationships and financial results.
our business has inherently dangerous workplaces. if we fail to maintain safe work sites, we can be exposed to financial losses as well as penalties and other liabilities.
our safety record is critical to our reputation. we maintain health and safety standards to protect our employees, customers, vendors and the public. although we intend to adhere to such health and safety standards it is unlikely that we will be able to avoid accidents at all times.
our business sites, including construction and maintenance sites, often put our employees and others in close proximity with large pieces of equipment, moving vehicles, pressurized water, chemicals and other regulated materials. on many sites we are responsible for safety and, accordingly, must implement safety procedures. if we fail to implement such procedures or if the procedures we implement are ineffective or are not followed by our employees or others, our employees and others may be injured or die. unsafe work sites also have the potential to increase employee turnover and raise our operating costs. any of the foregoing could result in financial losses, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
in addition, our operations can involve the handling and storage of hazardous chemicals, which, if improperly handled, stored or disposed of, could subject us to penalties or other liabilities. we are also subject to regulations dealing with occupational health and safety. although we maintain functional employee groups whose primary purpose is to ensure we implement effective health, safety, and environmental work procedures throughout our organization, including construction sites and maintenance sites, the failure to comply with such regulations could subject us to liability.
work stoppages and other labor relations matters could adversely affect our results of operations.
as of december 31, 2015, approximately 46% of our workforce was represented by unions, and we had 75 collective bargaining agreements in place with 17 different unions representing our unionized employees. these collective bargaining agreements are subject to periodic renewal and renegotiation. we may not be able to renegotiate labor contracts on terms that are fair to us. any negotiations or dispute resolution processes undertaken in connection with our labor contracts could be delayed or affected by labor actions or work stoppages. labor actions, work stoppages or the threat of work stoppages, and our failure to obtain favorable labor contract terms during renegotiations may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
while we have developed contingency plans to be implemented as necessary if a work stoppage or strike does occur, a strike or work stoppage may have a material adverse impact on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
our continued success is dependent upon our ability to hire, retain, and utilize qualified personnel.
the success of our business is dependent upon our ability to hire, retain, and utilize qualified personnel, including engineers, craft personnel, and corporate management professionals who have the required experience and expertise. from time to time, it may be difficult to attract and retain qualified individuals with the expertise and in the timeframe demanded for our business needs. in certain geographic areas, for example, we may not be able to satisfy the demand for our services because of our inability to successfully hire and retain qualified personnel.
in addition, as some of our key personnel approach retirement age, we need to have appropriate succession plans in place and to successfully implement such plans. if we cannot attract and retain qualified personnel or effectively implement appropriate succession plans, it could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
financial and market-related risks our indebtedness could affect our business adversely and limit our ability to plan for or respond to changes in our business, and we may be unable to generate sufficient cash flows to satisfy our liquidity needs.
as of december 31, 2015, our indebtedness (including preferred stock with mandatory redemption requirements) was $6.6 billion, and our working capital (defined as current assets less current liabilities) was in a deficit position. our indebtedness could have important consequences, including:
·   limiting our ability to obtain additional financing to fund future working capital requirements or capital expenditures;
·   exposing us to interest rate risk with respect to the portion of our indebtedness that bears interest at variable rates;
·   limiting our ability to pay dividends on our common stock or make payments in connection with our other obligations;
·   impairing our access to the capital markets for debt and equity;
·   requiring that an increasing portion of our cash flows from operations be dedicated to the payment of the principal and interest on our debt, thereby reducing funds available for future operations, dividends on our common stock or capital expenditures;
·   limiting our ability to take advantage of significant business opportunities, such as acquisition opportunities, and to react to changes in market or industry conditions; and
·   placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to those of our competitors that have less debt.
in order to meet our capital expenditure needs, we may be required to make additional borrowings under our revolving credit facility or issue new short-term and long-term debt securities. moreover, additional borrowings may be required to refinance outstanding indebtedness. debt maturities and sinking fund payments in 2016, 2017 and 2018 will be $54 million, $573 million and $457 million, respectively. we can provide no assurance that we will be able to access the debt capital markets on favorable terms, if at all. moreover, if new debt is added to our current debt levels, the related risks we now face could intensify, limiting our ability to refinance existing debt on favorable terms.
we will depend primarily on operations to fund our expenses and to pay the principal and interest on our outstanding debt. therefore, our ability to pay our expenses and satisfy our debt service obligations depends on our future performance, which will be affected by financial, business, economic, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors largely beyond our control. if we do not have sufficient cash flows to pay the principal and interest on our outstanding debt, we may be required to refinance all or part of our existing debt, reduce capital investments, sell assets, borrow additional funds or sell additional equity. in addition, if our business does not generate sufficient cash flows from operations, or if we are unable to incur indebtedness sufficient to enable us to fund our liquidity needs, we may be unable to plan for or respond to changes in our business, which could cause our financial condition, operating results and prospects to be affected adversely.
our inability to access the capital or financial markets could affect our ability to meet our liquidity needs at reasonable cost and our ability to meet long-term commitments, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
in addition to cash from operations, we rely primarily on our revolving credit facility, commercial paper programs, and the capital markets to satisfy our liquidity needs. in this regard, our principal external sources of short-term liquidity are our commercial paper program and our $1.25 billion revolving credit facility. our revolving credit facility expires in accordance with its terms in june 2020. we regularly use our commercial paper program under this revolving credit facility as a principal source of short-term borrowing due to the generally more attractive rates we generally can obtain in the commercial paper market. as of december 31, 2015, american water capital corp. ("awcc"), our wholly owned financing subsidiary, had no outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility, and had $626 million of commercial paper outstanding and $82 million in outstanding letters of credit.
disruptions in the capital markets could limit our ability to access capital. while our credit facility lending banks have met all of their obligations, disruptions in the credit markets, changes in our credit ratings, or deterioration of the banking industry's financial condition could discourage or prevent lenders from meeting their existing lending commitments, extending the terms of such commitments, or agreeing to new commitments. our lenders may not meet their existing commitments and we may not be able to access the commercial paper or loan markets in the future on terms acceptable to us or at all. furthermore, our inability to maintain, renew or replace commitments under this facility could materially increase our cost of capital and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. longer term disruptions in the capital and credit markets as a result of uncertainty, reduced financing alternatives, or failures of significant financial institutions could adversely affect our access to the liquidity needed for our business. any significant disruption in the capital and credit markets, or financial institution failures could require us to take measures to conserve cash until the market stabilizes or until alternative financing can be arranged. such measures could include deferring capital expenditures, reducing or suspending dividend payments, and reducing other discretionary expenditures.
any impediments to our access to the capital markets or failure of our lenders to meet their commitments that result from financial market disruptions could expose us to increased interest expense, require us to institute cash conservation measures or otherwise adversely and materially affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
american water may be unable to meet its ongoing and future financial obligations and to pay dividends on its common stock if its subsidiaries are unable to pay upstream dividends or repay funds to american water.
american water is a holding company and, as such, american water has no operations of its own. substantially all of our consolidated assets are held by subsidiaries. american water's ability to meet its financial obligations and to pay dividends on its common stock is primarily dependent on the net income and cash flows of its subsidiaries and their ability to pay upstream dividends to american water or repay indebtedness to american water. prior to funding american water, american water's regulated subsidiaries must comply with regulatory restrictions and financial obligations that must be satisfied, including among others, debt service and preferred and preference stock dividends, as well as applicable corporate, tax and other laws and regulations and agreements and covenants made by american water and its subsidiaries. american water's subsidiaries are separate legal entities and have no obligation to provide american water with funds. an inability of any of these subsidiaries to pay such dividends or repay intercompany obligations could have a material adverse impact on american water's liquidity and its ability to pay dividends on its common stock and meet its other obligations.
we may not be able to fully utilize our u.s. and state net operating loss carryforwards.
as of december 31, 2015, we had u.s. federal and state net operating loss ("nol") carryforwards of approximately $1.1 billion and $534 million, respectively. our federal nol carryforwards will begin to expire in 2028, and our state nol carryforwards began to expire in 2016 and will continue to expire until 2034. our ability to utilize our nol carryforwards is primarily dependent upon our ability to generate sufficient taxable income. our management believes the federal nol carryforwards are more likely than not to be recovered and therefore currently require no valuation allowance. at december 31, 2015, $60 million of the state nol carryforwards have been offset by a valuation allowance because we do not believe these nols will more likely than not be realized in the future, and we have, in the past, been unable to utilize certain of our nols. the establishment or increase of a valuation allowance in the future would reduce our deferred income tax assets and our net income.
our actual results may differ from those estimated by management in making its assessment as to our ability to use the nol carryforwards. moreover, changes in income tax laws, the economy and the general business environment could affect the future utilization of the nol carryforwards. if we are unable to fully utilize our nol carryforwards to offset taxable income generated in the future, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows could be materially adversely affected.
we have recorded a significant amount of goodwill, and we may never realize the full value of our intangible assets, causing us to record impairments that may negatively affect our results of operations.
our total assets include $1.3 billion of goodwill at december 31, 2015. the goodwill is primarily associated with the acquisition of american water by an affiliate of our previous owner in 2003, the acquisition of e'town corporation by a predecessor to our previous owner in 2001, and the acquisition of keystone, which was completed in july 2015. goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price the purchaser paid over the fair value of the net tangible and other intangible assets acquired. goodwill is recorded at fair value on the date of an acquisition and is reviewed annually or more frequently if changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. as required by the applicable accounting rules, we have taken significant non-cash charges to operating results for goodwill impairments in the past.
we may be required to recognize an impairment of goodwill in the future due to market conditions or other factors related to our performance or the performance of an acquired business. these market conditions could include a decline over a period of time of our stock price, a decline over a period of time in valuation multiples of comparable water utilities, market price performance of our common stock that compares unfavorably to our peer companies, decreases in control premiums, or, with respect to keystone, fluctuations in the level of exploration and production activities in the marcellus and utica shale regions served by keystone, a prolonged depression of natural gas prices or other factors that negatively impact our forecast operating results, cash flows or key assumptions in the future. a decline in the results forecasted in our business plan due to events such as changes in rate case results, capital investment budgets or interest rates, could also result in an impairment charge. recognition of impairments of goodwill would result in a charge to income in the period in which the impairment occurred, which may negatively affect our financial condition, results of operations and total capitalization. the effects of any such impairment could be material and could make it more difficult to maintain our credit ratings, secure financing on attractive terms, maintain compliance with debt covenants and meet expectations of our regulators.
market conditions may impact the value of benefit plan assets and liabilities, as well as assumptions related to the benefit plans, which may require us to provide significant additional funding.
the performance of the capital markets affects the values of the assets that are held in trust to satisfy significant future obligations under our pension and postretirement benefit plans. the value of these assets is subject to market fluctuations, which may cause investment returns to fall below our projected return rates. a decline in the market value of the pension and postretirement benefit plan assets can increase the funding requirements under our pension and postretirement benefit plans. additionally, our pension and postretirement benefit plan liabilities are sensitive to changes in interest rates. if interest rates decrease, our liabilities would increase, potentially increasing benefit expense and funding requirements. further, changes in demographics, such as increases in life expectancy assumptions and increasing trends in health care costs may also increase our funding requirements. future increases in pension and other postretirement costs as a result of reduced plan assets may not be fully recoverable in rates, in which case our results of operations and financial position could be negatively affected.
in addition, market factors can affect assumptions we use in determining funding requirements with respect to our pension and postretirement plans. for example, a relatively modest change in our assumptions regarding discount rates can materially affect our calculation of funding requirements. to the extent that market data compels us to reduce the discount rate used in our assumptions, our benefit obligations could be materially increased, which could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
additional risks related to our market-based businesses we (excluding our regulated subsidiaries) provide performance guarantees with respect to certain obligations of our market-based businesses, including financial guarantees or deposits, to our public-sector and public clients, which may seek to enforce the guarantees if our market-based businesses do not satisfy these obligations.
under the terms of some of our agreements for the provision of services to water and wastewater facilities with municipalities, other governmental entities and other customers, american water (excluding our regulated subsidiaries) provides guarantees of specified performance obligations of our market-based businesses, including financial guarantees or deposits. in the event our market-based businesses fail to perform these obligations, the entity holding the guarantees may seek to enforce the performance commitments against us or proceed against the deposit. in that event, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and liquidity could be adversely affected.
at december 31, 2015, we had remaining performance commitments as measured by remaining contract revenue totaling approximately $3.6 billion and this amount is likely to increase if our market-based businesses expand. the presence of these commitments may adversely affect our financial condition and make it more difficult for us to secure financing on attractive terms.
american water enterprises' long-term contracts with the department of defense may be terminated for the convenience of the u.s. government and are subject to periodic contract price redetermination.
all of our contracts with the department of defense for the operation and maintenance of water and wastewater systems may be terminated, in whole or in part, prior to the end of the 50-year term for convenience of the u.s. government or as a result of default or non-performance by the subsidiary performing the contract. in addition, the contract price for each of these military contracts is typically subject to redetermination two years after commencement of operations and every three years thereafter. price redetermination is a contract mechanism to periodically adjust the service fee in the next period to reflect changes in contract obligations and anticipated market conditions. any early contract termination or unfavorable price redetermination could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
american water enterprises operates a number of water and wastewater systems under o&m contracts and faces the risk that the owners of those systems may fail to provide capital to properly maintain those systems, which may negatively affect american water enterprises as the operators of the systems.
american water enterprises operates a number of water and wastewater systems under o&m contracts. pursuant to these contracts, american water enterprises operates the system according to the standards set forth in the applicable contract, and it is generally the responsibility of the owner of the system to undertake capital improvements. in some cases, american water enterprises may not be able to convince the owner to make needed improvements in order to maintain compliance with applicable regulations. although violations and fines incurred by water and wastewater systems may be the responsibility of the owner of the system under these contracts, those non-compliance events may reflect poorly on american water enterprises as the operator of the system and us, and damage our reputation, and in some cases, may result in liability to us to the same extent as if we were the owner.
our market-based businesses are party to long-term contracts to operate and maintain water and wastewater systems under which we may incur costs in excess of payments received.
some of our market-based businesses enter into long-term contracts under which they agree to operate and maintain a municipality's, federal government's or other party's water or wastewater treatment and delivery facilities, which includes specified major maintenance for some of those facilities, in exchange for an annual fee. these market-based businesses are generally subject to the risk that costs associated with operating and maintaining the facilities, including production costs such as purchased water, electricity, fuel and chemicals used in water treatment, may exceed the fees received from the municipality or other contracting party. losses under these contracts or guarantees may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
keystone's operations may expose us to substantial costs and liabilities with respect to environmental laws and matters.
keystone's operations, and the operation generally of natural gas and oil exploration and production facilities by keystone's customers, are subject to stringent federal, state and local laws, rules, regulations and ordinances governing the release of materials into the environment or otherwise relating to environmental protection. these provisions may require the acquisition by keystone of permits or licenses before providing its services to customers, prohibit the release of substances defined thereunder as hazardous in connection with these activities, and impose substantial liabilities for the violation thereof that may result from these operations. failure to comply with these laws, rules, regulations and ordinances may result in substantial environmental remediation and other costs to keystone, the assessment of administrative, civil and criminal penalties or the issuance of injunctions restricting or prohibiting certain activities. under existing environmental laws and regulations, keystone could be held strictly liable for the removal or remediation of previously released materials or property contamination regardless of whether the release resulted from its operations, or whether its operations were in compliance with all applicable laws at the time they were performed. while the company has attempted to structure and maintain its ownership and control of keystone's operations in such a way as to insulate the company, its regulated subsidiaries and its market-based businesses from any liabilities associated with keystone's operations, including liabilities for environmental matters, there can be no assurance that such efforts will be sufficient to prevent the company from incurring liability for the operations of keystone.
changes in environmental laws and regulations occur frequently, and any changes to these or other laws governing the natural gas and oil exploration industry that result in more stringent or costly water or wastewater handling, storage, transport, disposal or cleanup requirements could require keystone to make significant expenditures to maintain compliance with such requirements, may harm keystone's business and results of operations by reducing the demand for keystone's water and related services, and may otherwise have a material adverse effect on keystone's competitive position, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
the following discussion should be read together with the consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included elsewhere in this form 10-k. this discussion contains forward-looking statements that are based on management's current expectations, estimates and projections about our business, operations and financial performance. the cautionary statements made in this form 10-k should be read as applying to all related forward-looking statements whenever they appear in this form 10-k. our actual results may differ materially from those currently anticipated and expressed in such forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors, including those we discuss under "forward-looking statements," item 1a-risk factors and elsewhere in this form 10-k.
executive overview american water is the largest and most geographically diverse investor-owned publicly-traded water and wastewater utility company in the united states, as measured both by operating revenues and population served. we employ approximately 6,700 professionals who provide drinking water, wastewater and other related services to an estimated 15 million people in 47 states, the district of columbia and ontario, canada. our primary business involves the ownership of utilities that provide water and wastewater services to residential, commercial, industrial, public and other customers. our regulated businesses that provide these services are generally subject to economic regulation by state regulatory agencies in the states in which they operate. the federal government and the states also regulate environmental, health and safety and water quality matters. our regulated businesses provide services in 16 states and serve approximately 3.3 million customers based on the number of active service connections to our water and wastewater networks. we also operate several businesses that provide a broad range of related and complementary water and wastewater services in non-regulated markets, which includes four operating segments that individually do not meet the criteria of a reportable segment in accordance with gaap. these four non-reportable operating segments are collectively presented as our market-based businesses, which is consistent with how management assesses the results of these businesses.
2015 strategic focus & achievements for 2015, our focus was anchored on five central strategic themes:
·   customers - our customers are at the center of everything we do.
·   in 2015, we achieved customer satisfaction ratings of 91% and service quality ratings of 85%. in addition, we continued to make needed infrastructure investment while implementing operational efficiency improvements to keep customer rates affordable.
·   safety - the health and safety of our employees, customers and the public is both a strategy and a value.
·   in 2015, we continued to move our safety culture forward. we implemented a "near miss" reporting program designed for accident prevention and risk education. in addition, our vendors joined us in numerous safety fairs demonstrating options available for protective equipment used across our business.
·   in 2015, we demonstrated our commitment to employees by providing safety and technical training throughout our organization. we also provided business leadership training to virtually all of our front line supervisors across the company.
·   growth - we invested $1.4 billion in 2015; a record level of annual investment, including:
·   $1.2 billion to improve infrastructure in our regulated businesses;
·   $64 million for regulated acquisitions, adding approximately 24,000 water and wastewater customers; and
·   $133 million for the keystone acquisition.
·   technology and operational efficiency - we drove continued cost savings in our regulated businesses.
·   we achieved an adjusted o&amp;m efficiency ratio (a non-gaap measure) of 35.9% in 2015.
2015 financial results for the year ended december 31, 2015, we grew income from continuing operations more than 10%, while making capital investment in our infrastructure and implementing operational efficiency improvements to keep customer rates affordable.
income from continuing operations increased 25 cents per diluted share for year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the prior year. excluding the 2014 costs related to the freedom industries chemical spill in west virginia of 4 cents per diluted share, income from continuing operations increased 21 cents per diluted share, or about 8.8%. the increase was mainly due to continued growth in both our regulated businesses segment and market-based businesses.
discontinued operations represents the 2014 sale of our terratec line of business, which was part of our market-based businesses. the loss from discontinued operations, net of tax, reflected in the 2014 financial results includes the loss on the sale, an income tax valuation allowance and the 2014 operating results of the entity prior to the sale.
see "comparison of consolidated results of operations" and "segment results" below for further detailed discussion of the consolidated results of operations, as well as our business segments. all financial information in this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations reflects continuing operations, unless otherwise noted. see note 3-acquisitions and divestitures in the notes to consolidated financial statements for further details on our discontinued operations.
regulatory matters the table below provides rate authorizations effective from 2013 through 2015. the table depicts annualized incremental revenues assuming a constant water sales volume:
for the years ended december 31,
california (e)                        5                       2                       3
(a)   on december 19, 2013, a rate case settlement was approved with an effective date of january 1, 2014.
(b)   final order was received on september 11, 2015 with new rates effective september 21, 2015.
(c)   final order was received on october 25, 2013 with rates effective july 27, 2013.
(d)   final order issued on january 28, 2015 with new rates effective january 29, 2015.
(e)   final order for test year 2015 issued april 9, 2015 with rates effective to january 1, 2015. the 2014 and 2013 increases are from step rate and attrition year filings with rates effective on april 1, 2014 and april 1, 2013, respectively.
on april 30, 2015, our west virginia subsidiary filed a general rate case requesting $36 million in additional annualized water and wastewater revenues. on july 31, 2015, our missouri subsidiary filed a general rate case requesting $25 million in additional annualized revenue. lastly, on october 30, 2015 our virginia subsidiary filed a general rate case requesting $9 of additional annualized revenue.
in july 2015, cal am filed an application with the cpuc to request changes to the present rate design and the emergency conservation and rationing plan for water customers in certain areas within its monterey county service district. if approved, the proposed changes would allow: (i) recovery of existing under-collections of the net water revenue adjustment mechanism/modified cost balancing account ("wram/mcba") balance, amounting to approximately $51 million as of december 31, 2015, over 20 years earning a pretax rate of 8.41%; (ii) an annual consumption true-up mechanism and rate design that provide for more timely collection of the cost of service; and (iii) modification of existing conservation and rationing plans. on november 4, 2015, cal am received an assigned commissioner's scoping memo and ruling ("memo") related to our wram filing. the memo called for the suspension of the wram surcharges related to 2013 and 2014 under-collections and required cal am to retain an independent accounting firm to verify the actual customer water usage and billed revenue for the monterey county service district for years ended december 31, 2013 and 2014. the results of the auditors verification was filed with the cpuc in january 2016. on february 1, 2016, cal am filed a motion with the cpuc to restart the surcharge collections for 2013 and 2014.
on february 16, 2016, the commission's office of ratepayer advocates ("ora") issued a report on cal am's requests to address monterey rate design and the historical wram balances. the ora recommends a disallowance of $17 million of the monterey wram balance and also recommends that the amortization occur over five years with no interest. additionally, the ora recommends the cpuc deny cal am's request for annual consumption true up pilot program. we are in the process of reviewing the ora proposal and will submit our response on march 4, 2016; however, we do not believe that the ora proposals have merit. we expect a cpuc decision in mid to late 2016.
on december 30, 2015, our indiana subsidiary filed a rate case true-up for additional annualized revenues in the amount of $2 million which were authorized and effective on january 29, 2016. on january 21, 2016, our illinois subsidiary filed a general rate case requesting an additional $40 million in annualized revenues. on january 29, 2016, our kentucky subsidiary filed a general rate case requesting an additional $14 million in annualized water revenues. on february 1, 2016, cal am received approval from the cpuc to extend its cost of capital proceeding for an additional year. as such cal am's current cost of capital will remain in place through 2017.
a number of states have authorized the use of regulatory mechanisms that permit rates to be adjusted outside of a general rate case for certain costs and investments, such as infrastructure surcharge mechanisms that permit recovery of capital investments to
replace aging infrastructure. the following table details additional annualized revenues authorized through infrastructure surcharge mechanisms that were effective from 2013 through 2015:
for the years ended december 31,
infrastructure charges by state pennsylvania (a)                        $14                      $-                     $20
total infrastructure charges            $34                     $35                     $36
(a)   quarterly filings made with puc in 2015 for $8 million, $4 million and $2 million effective october 1, 2015, july 1, 2015 and april 1, 2015, respectively. no infrastructure charges in 2014 as a result of general rate case effective january 1, 2014 utilized forecasted test year and therefore qualifying infrastructure improvements already reflected in rates. for 2013, $7 million, $4 million, $3 million and $6 million effective october 1, 2013, july 1, 2013, april 1, 2013 and january 1, 2013, respectively.
(b)   semi-annual filings made with the puc. for 2015, $9 million effective january 1, 2015. for 2014, $7 million and $10 million effective july 1, 2014 and january 1, 2014, respectively. for 2013, $4 million effective july 1, 2013.
(c)   for 2015, $2 million effective june 27, 2015. for 2014, $9 million and $4 million effective december 31, 2014 and may 30, 2014, respectively. for 2013, $5 million and $3 million effective june 21, 2013 and december 14, 2013, respectively.
(e)   for 2015, $1 million and $5 million effective february 1, 2015 and january 1, 2015, respectively. for 2014, $2 million effective january 1, 2014.
(f)   for 2015, $1 million effective december 1, 2015. for 2014, $1 million effective january 1, 2014 and march 3, 2014.
(g)   for 2015, $2 million effective june 29, 2015. for 2014, $1 million effective april 15, 2014.
on december 15, 2015, our pennsylvania subsidiary filed for additional annualized revenues from infrastructure charges in the amount of $11 million which were authorized and effective on january 1, 2016. on december 18, 2015, our illinois subsidiary filed for additional annualized revenues from infrastructure charges in the amount of $1 million, which were authorized and also effective on january 1, 2016. on january 14, 2016, our indiana subsidiary filed for additional annualized revenues from infrastructure charges in the amount of $3 million.
as of february 24, 2016, we are awaiting final general rate case orders in five states, requesting additional annualized revenue of $123 million. we are also awaiting approval of $5 million in additional annualized revenues for infrastructure charges. there is no assurance that all or any portion of these requests will be granted.
technology and operational efficiency - continuing improvement in o&m efficiency ratio for our regulated businesses we continued to improve on our o&m efficiency ratio. our adjusted o&m efficiency ratio for the year ended december 31, 2015 was 35.9%, compared to 36.7% for the year ended december 31, 2014. the improvement in the 2015 o&m efficiency ratio over this period was attributable to both an increase in revenue and decreases in o&m expenses.
we evaluate our operating performance using this measure because management believes it is a direct measure of the efficiency of our regulated businesses' operations. this information is intended to enhance an investor's overall understanding of our operating performance. the o&m efficiency ratio is not a gaap financial measure and may not be comparable to other companies' operating measures and should not be used in place of the gaap information provided elsewhere in this report.
our o&m efficiency ratio is defined as our regulated o&m expenses divided by regulated operating revenues, where both o&m expenses and operating revenues were adjusted to eliminate purchased water expense. additionally, from the o&m expenses, we excluded the allocable portion of non-o&m support services cost, mainly depreciation and general taxes that are reflected in the regulated businesses segment as o&m expenses but for consolidated financial reporting purposes are categorized within other line items in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. in addition, to the standard adjustments to the o&m efficiency ratio for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, we have also excluded from operating revenues and o&m expenses the estimated impact from changes in consumption as a result of weather and the freedom industries chemical spill in west virginia, as applicable. we excluded all the above items from the calculation as we believe such items are not reflective of management's ability to increase efficiency of the company's regulated operations.
the following table provides the calculation and reconciliation that compares o&m expenses and operating revenues, as determined in accordance with gaap, and to those amounts utilized in the calculation of our adjusted o&m efficiency ratio for the years ended december 31:
operation and maintenance expenses-market-based businesses             358                   289                   241
allocation of non-operation and maintenance expenses                    35                    39                    35
operating revenues-market-based businesses                             434                   355                   303
adjusted o&amp;m efficiency ratio (a)/(b)                             35.9   %              36.7   %              38.5   %
2016 and beyond our future results continue to be anchored on the five central themes noted for 2015 with customers at the center of all we do. these five central themes are:
·   customers. our focus continues to concentrate on our customers by achieving customer satisfaction and service quality targets. in addition, we will continue to make needed infrastructure investment while implementing operational efficiency improvements to strive to keep customer rates affordable.
·   safety. our focus continues on driving safety in everything that we do. our safety focus includes safety and health of our employees, customers and the public.
·   people. our focus on our employees and culture is paramount to our success going forward. we intend to also focus on ensuring we have strong relationships with our union represented employees, effective training and development and diversity of our workforce.
·   growth. we expect to invest $6.4 billion over the next five years, with $1.3 billion in 2016, as follows:
·   capital investment to improve infrastructure in our regulated businesses segment of $5.5 billion, with $1.2 billion expected in 2016;
·   growth from acquisitions in our regulated businesses segment of $600 million to expand our water and wastewater customer base; and
·   growth in our market-based businesses from new core growth, expanded markets and new offerings, and evaluate potential opportunities to assist the natural gas exploration and production industry in the delivery of water to support their processes. we have estimated strategic capital investments of $280 million.
the chart below presents our estimated percentage of projected capital expenditures over the period of 2016 to 2020 for improving infrastructure in our regulated businesses segment by purpose:
·   technology &amp; operational efficiency. continued commitment to operational efficiency, technology, innovation and environmental leadership. we intend to continue to modernize our infrastructure and focus on operational efficiencies, while bolstering a culture of continuous improvement. we have set a goal to achieve an adjusted o&amp;m efficiency ratio equal to or below 34% by 2020. we are committed to environmental leadership while providing safe, reliable and cost-effective water and water related services to our customers.
consolidated results of operations the following table presents our consolidated results of operations for the years ended december 31:
(gain) loss on asset dispositions and purchases                  (3    )                 (2    )                  1            (1    )               50.0            (3    )             (300.0   )
income from continuing operations before income taxes           782                     710                     608            72                    10.1           102                    16.8
provision for income taxes                                      306                     280                     237            26                     9.3            43                    18.1
·   $69 million increase in our regulated businesses segment primarily due to rate increases, infrastructure charges and increased demand, partially offset by decreased surcharges and balancing accounts in 2015;
·   $53 million increase in our market-based businesses primarily due to incremental revenue from increased construction project activity in our military services group and contract growth in our homeowners services group; and
·   $26 million increase attributable to our keystone acquisition, which is included in our market-based businesses.
·   $80 million increase in our regulated businesses segment primarily due to rate increases, incremental revenues from surcharges and balancing accounts and acquisitions, partially offset by reduced consumption in 2014; and
·   $52 million increase in our market-based businesses primarily due to incremental revenue from increased construction project activity in our military services group and organic growth in our homeowner services group.
·   $45 million increase in our market-based businesses primarily due to incremental costs in our military services group and homeowner services group corresponding with the increases in operating revenues discussed above;
·   $24 million increase attributable to our keystone acquisition; partially offset by a
·   $17 million decrease in our regulated businesses segment primarily due to lower production costs, contract services and transportation costs, partially offset by higher casualty insurance costs.
·   $49 million increase in our market-based businesses primarily due to incremental costs in our military services group and homeowner services group corresponding with the increases in operating revenues discussed above; and
·   $6 million increase in our regulated businesses segment primarily due to increased production costs, uncollectible expense, maintenance expenses and costs associated with the freedom industries chemical spill in west virginia partially offset by lower employee-related costs.
depreciation and amortization. in 2015 and 2014, depreciation and amortization expense increased $16 million and $17 million, or 3.8% and 4.2%, respectively. the increase for both periods was primarily due to additional utility plant placed in service.
other income (expenses). in 2014, other expenses decreased by $47 million, or 13.8%, primarily due to the recognition of a pre-tax loss on debt extinguishment in 2013 of $41 million in connection with the cash tender offer for our 6.085% senior notes due 2017. also, contributing to the decrease was a reduction in interest expense resulting from interest savings as a result of our 2014 and 2013 refinancings. partially offsetting these decreases was a reduction in allowance for funds used during construction, which was mainly attributable to our customer information and enterprise asset management systems being placed into service in 2013.
provision for income taxes. in 2015 and 2014, our provision for income taxes increased $26 million and $43 million, or 9.3% and 18.1%, respectively, due primarily to the increase in pre-tax income. the effective tax rates were 39.1%, 39.4% and 39.0% for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
in december 2015, the accelerated tax benefit for bonus depreciation was legislatively extended for 2015-2019. bonus depreciation applies to certain qualified capital investments placed into service and allows for a bonus depreciation provision of 50% from 2015 through 2017, 40% in 2018 and 30% in 2019. we have federal nol carryforwards of $1.1 billion as of december 31, 2015. as such, the election of bonus depreciation will be annually determined on a state by state basis and will include, among other items, an evaluation of our ability to utilize our federal nol carryforwards, charitable contribution carryforwards, and state regulatory practices. if we elect bonus depreciation for all years, we would not expect to pay federal income taxes until 2021.
loss from discontinued operations, net of tax. as previously noted, the financial results of our terratec line of business within our market-based businesses was classified as discontinued operations for all periods presented. the sale of terratec was completed in 2014. the 2014 loss from discontinued operations, net of tax includes the loss on sale, a tax valuation allowance and operating results.
segment results of operations our segments are determined based on how we assess performance and allocate resources. we evaluate the performance of our segments and allocate resources based on several factors, with the primary measure being income from continuing operations.
we conduct our business primarily through one reportable segment, our regulated businesses segment. we also operate businesses that provide a broad range of related and complementary water and wastewater services in non-regulated markets, which
includes four operating segments that individually do not meet the criteria of a reportable segment. these four non-reportable segments have been combined and are presented as market-based businesses, which is consistent with how management assesses the results of our businesses.
regulated businesses segment the following table summarizes certain financial information for our regulated businesses segment:
for the years ended december 31,
for the years ended december 31,                             increase                              increase
for the years ended december 31,                                  increase                                increase
(a)   the correlation between water service revenues and billed water sales volumes shown above is impacted by the california drought. california is experiencing a severe drought and in april 2015, the governor mandated water usage restrictions to reduce overall water usage by 25% in the state compared to 2013 levels. our california customers are largely meeting these conservation targets. revenue in california is decoupled from sales volume, aligning our water conservation goals with those of the state and our customers and therefore these usage reductions do not impact earnings.
·   $45 million increase from rate increases and infrastructure charges;
·   $5 million increase from acquisitions and organic growth; and
·   $3 million incremental revenues for late payment and reconnection fees; partially offset by a
·   $21 million decrease in surcharges and balancing accounts in our california subsidiary primarily related to the drought and the $5 million charge associated with the july 2015 application filed with the cpuc.
·   $80 million increase from rate increases and infrastructure charges; and
for the years ended december 31,                         increase                      increase
in 2015 and 2014, wastewater revenues increased primarily due to incremental revenues resulting from acquisitions.
in 2015 and 2014, other revenues increased primarily due to incremental revenues for late payments and reconnection fees, as well as insurance proceeds in 2014 for business interruption as a result of hurricane sandy.
operation and maintenance. the following tables and discussions provide a detailed explanation of the variances related to the major components of operation and maintenance. in 2014, operation and maintenance was impacted by incremental costs of $10 million related to the freedom industries chemical spill in west virginia, which included $6 million in other operation and maintenance, $3 million in operating supplies and services, and $1 million in employee-related costs.
for the years ended december 31,                           increase                             increase
production costs                              $282                    $289                    $271        $(7   )               (2.4   )       $18                   6.6
employee-related costs                         430                     430                     456          -                      -          $(26   )              (5.7   )
customer billing and accounting                 63                      61                      52          2                    3.3            $9                  17.3
production costs for the years ended december 31,                          increase                            increase
in 2015, production costs decreased $7 million, or 2.4%, primarily due to a:
·   $9 million decrease primarily due to lower usage in our california subsidiary as a result of statewide conservation initiatives, including decreases of $8 million in purchased water and $1 million in fuel and power; partially offset by a
in 2014, production costs increased $18 million, or 6.6%, primarily due to a:
·   $10 million increase in purchased water costs primarily due to increased prices in our california subsidiary, and to a lesser extent, price increases in our illinois subsidiary;
·   $6 million increase in fuel and power costs due to higher supplier prices in several of our operating facilities, as well as incremental costs as a result of the dale acquisition in the fourth quarter of 2013; and
·   $4 million increase in waste disposal costs primarily due to an increase in the amount allowed by a cost recovery mechanism in one of our subsidiaries coupled with incremental costs related to the dale acquisition.
employee-related costs for the years ended december 31,                          increase                             increase
other benefits                  19                      20                      19        (1    )             (5.0   )          1                    5.3
in 2015, employee-related costs remained consistent primarily due to a:
·   $14 million reduction largely attributable to fewer employees and an increase in capital projects, which in turn resulted in higher capitalization rates; partially offset by a
·   $14 million increase in pension costs and postretirement benefits costs, which is included in the group insurance line above, primarily due to the adoption of new mortality assumptions and a decrease in the discount rate resulting in increased plan obligations.
in 2014, employee-related costs decreased $26 million, or 5.7%, primarily due to a:
·   $32 million reduction in pension and postretirement costs principally due to the change in assumptions used for the discount rate, which in turn decreased contributions. the decrease in contributions occurred at those regulated operating companies whose costs are recovered based on our funding policy, which is to fund at least the minimum amount required by the employee retirement income security act of 1974; partially offset by a
·   $5 million increase in salaries and wages primarily due to annual wage increases, increased overtime expense attributable to an increased number or main breaks as a result of harsh winter conditions and increases in severance expense as a result of the restructuring of certain functions.
operating supplies and services                    for the years ended december 31,                           increase                             increase
·   $5 million decrease in condemnation and conservation costs primarily due to initiatives in 2014 incurred by our california subsidiary;
·   $3 million incremental costs in 2014 associated with the freedom industries chemical spill in west virginia;
·   $3 million adjustment attributable to the recognition of a regulatory asset for previously expensed business transformation costs as a result of the finalization of our california rate case; and
·   $3 million decrease in transportation costs primarily due to lower fuel prices.
·   $9 million increase in other operating supplies and services primarily due to an increase in condemnation and conservation costs related to one-time initiatives in our california subsidiary, as well as inclusion in 2013 of insurance proceeds for the recovery of expenses related to hurricanes irene and sandy; partially offset by a
·   $6 million decrease in contracted services as a result of completion of our business transformation project, which required the use of additional contracted services in 2013, partially offset by increases resulting from the freedom industries chemical spill in west virginia mentioned above.
market-based businesses the following table summarizes certain financial information for our market-based businesses:
for the years ended december 31,
·   $41 million increase in our military services group revenues primarily due to additional construction project activities and the addition of two military contracts, hill air force base and picatinny arsenal, in the second half of 2015;
·   $15 million increase in our homeowner services group revenues primarily due to contract growth, mainly in new york city, and the expansion into other geographic areas; and
·   $39 million increase in our military service group revenues primarily resulting from an increase in construction project activities for our military contracts, which includes $5 million in price redeterminations for several of our military contracts; and
·   $16 million increase in our homeowners services group revenues primarily due to contract growth, mainly in new york city, as well as expansion into other geographic areas and price increases for certain existing customers; partially offset by a
operation and maintenance. the following table provides information regarding components of operation and maintenance:
for the years ended december 31,                         increase                           increase
production costs                               $36                     $35                     $37        $1                 2.9   %       $(2    )             (5.4   %)
employee-related costs                          76                      62                      60        14                22.6   %         2                   3.3    %
·   $30 million increase in our military services group operating supplies and services primarily due to increased construction project activities and the addition of two military contracts; and
·   $24 million increase resulting from keystone, including $9 million in employee-related costs, $14 million in operating supplies and services and $1 million in maintenance, materials, and supplies;
·   $7 million increase in our homeowner services group maintenance and supplies primarily due to higher repair costs incurred, which was attributable to the increase in the number of contracts.
·   $5 million increase in our military services group and homeowners services group employee-related costs, which was attributable to the addition of two military contracts and increase in headcount.
·   $35 million increase in operating supplies and services related to our military services group primarily due to increased construction project activities;
·   $6 million increase in maintenance materials and supplies primarily due to higher repair costs incurred by our homeowners services group, which was attributable to a higher volume of contracts.
liquidity and capital resources we regularly evaluate and monitor our cash requirements for capital investments, acquisitions, operations, commitments, debt service and dividends. our business is capital intensive, with a majority of this capital funded by cash flows from operations. when necessary, we also obtain funds from external sources, primarily in the debt markets and through short-term commercial paper borrowings. we also have access to equity capital markets, if needed. our access to external financing on reasonable terms depends on our credit ratings and current business conditions, including that of the utility and water utility industries in general, as well as conditions in the debt or equity capital markets and the national and international economic and geopolitical arenas. if these business, market, financial and other conditions deteriorate to the extent that we no longer are able to access the capital markets on reasonable terms, we have access to an unsecured revolving credit facility with aggregate bank commitments of $1.25 billion, with an expiration date of june 2020 (subject to extension by us for up to two one-year periods). we rely on this revolving credit facility and the capital markets to fulfill our short-term liquidity needs, to issue letters of credit and to support our commercial paper program. disruptions in the credit markets may discourage lenders from extending the terms of such commitments or agreeing to new commitments. market disruptions may also limit our ability to issue debt and equity securities in the capital markets. see "credit facility and short-term debt" below for further discussion. in order to meet our short-term liquidity needs, we, through awcc, our wholly owned financing subsidiary, issue commercial paper, which is supported by the revolving credit facility. awcc had no outstanding borrowings and $82 million of outstanding letters of credit under its credit facility as of december 31, 2015. as of december 31, 2015, awcc had $1.25 billion available under the credit facility that we could use to fulfill our short-term liquidity needs and to issue letters of credit, which supported our $626 million outstanding commercial paper. we believe that our ability to access the capital markets, our revolving credit facility and our cash flows from operations will generate sufficient cash to fund our short-term requirements. we have no plans to issue equity under normal operating conditions with the limited exception of privately or investor-owned tuck-in acquisitions whose sellers require equity as necessary to complete the acquisition. we believe we have sufficient liquidity and ability to manage our expenditures should there be a disruption of the capital and credit markets. however, there can be no assurances that our lenders will meet their existing commitments or that we will be able to access the commercial paper or loan markets in the future on terms acceptable to us or at all.
in addition, our regulated subsidiaries receive advances and contributions from customers, home builders and real estate developers to fund construction necessary to extend service to new areas. advances for construction are refundable for limited periods, which vary according to state regulations, as new customers begin to receive service or other contractual obligations are fulfilled. amounts which are no longer refundable are reclassified to contributions in aid of construction. utility plant funded by advances and contributions is excluded from the rate base. generally, we depreciate contributed property and amortize contributions in aid of construction at the composite rate of the related property. some of our subsidiaries do not depreciate contributed property, based on regulatory guidelines.
we use our capital resources, including cash, primarily to; (i) fund operating and capital requirements; (ii) pay interest and meet debt maturities; (iii) pay dividends; (iv) fund pension and postretirement welfare obligations; and (v) fund acquisitions. we invest a significant amount of cash on regulated capital projects where we expect to earn a long-term return on investment. additionally, we operate in rate-regulated environments in which the amount of new investment recovery may be limited, and where such recovery takes place over an extended period of time, as our recovery is subject to regulatory lag. see item 1-business-operating segments-regulated businesses-economic regulation and rate making process. we expect to fund future maturities of long-term debt through a combination of external debt and, to the extent available, cash flows from operations. since we expect our capital investments over the next few years to be greater than or equal to our cash flows from operating activities, we have no plans to reduce debt significantly.
if necessary, the company may delay certain capital investments or other funding requirements or pursue financing from other sources to preserve liquidity, if necessary. in this event, we believe we can rely upon cash flows from operations to meet our obligations and fund our minimum required capital investments for an extended period of time.
cash flows provided by operating activities cash flows provided by operating activities primarily result from the sale of water and wastewater services and, due to the seasonality of demand, are generally greater during the third quarter of each fiscal year. our future cash flows provided by operating activities will be affected by, among other things, economic utility regulation; infrastructure investment; inflation; compliance with environmental, health and safety standards; production costs; customer growth; declining customer usage of water; employee-related costs, including pension funding; weather and seasonality; and overall economic conditions.
cash flows provided by operating activities have been a reliable, steady source of funding, sufficient to meet operating requirements, make our dividend payments and fund a portion of our capital expenditure requirements. we expect to seek access to debt capital markets to meet the balance of our capital expenditure requirements as needed. we also have access to equity capital markets, if needed. operating cash flows can be negatively affected by changes in our rate regulated environments or changes in our customers' economic outlook and ability to pay for service in a timely manner. as such, our working capital needs are primarily limited to funding increases in customer accounts receivable and unbilled revenues mainly associated with revenue increases in our regulated businesses. we can provide no assurance that our customers' historical payment pattern will continue in the future. we address cash timing differences through the liquidity funding mechanisms discussed above.
the following table provides a summary of the major items affecting our cash flows provided by operating activities:
for the years ended december 31,
non-cash activities (a)                                  773                     723                      762
changes in working capital (b)                           (13     )                 3                     (137   )
pension and postretirement benefit contributions         (57     )               (52     )                (98   )
net cash flows provided by operating activities       $1,179                  $1,097                     $896
(a)   includes depreciation and amortization, provision for deferred income taxes and amortization of investment tax credits, provision for losses on accounts receivable, (gain) loss on asset dispositions and purchases, pension and non-pension postretirement benefits, and other non-cash items. details of each component can be found in the consolidated statements of cash flows.
(b)   changes in working capital include changes to receivables and unbilled revenues, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, pension and non-pension postretirement benefit contributions, change in book overdraft and other current assets and liabilities.
in 2014, cash flows provided by operations increased $201 million primarily due to an improvement in the cash collections of our regulated businesses' accounts receivable, some of which were unbilled at december 31, 2013. cash collections in 2013 for our regulated businesses' accounts receivable were slower than historical payment patterns, mainly due to the implementation of our cis system in may 2013. we implemented the cis system in our remaining regulated businesses in october 2013 and experienced a similar slowdown in cash collections for these operating companies in 2014.
the company expects to make pension and postretirement benefit contributions to the plan trusts of $55 million in 2016, of which $9 million was already made in 2016. in addition, we estimate that contributions will amount to $61 million in 2017, $79 million in 2018, $93 million in 2019 and $103 million in 2020. actual amounts contributed could change materially from these estimates as a result of changes in assumptions and actual investment returns, among other factors.
cash flows used in investing activities cash flows used in investing activities were as follows:
for the years ended december 31,
net capital expenditures                      $(1,160      )           $(956       )           $(980       )
proceeds from sale of assets and securities   5                        14                      1
acquisitions                                        (197   )                 (9    )                 (24   )
other investing activities, net (a)                 (113   )                 (63   )                 (50   )
net cash flows used in investing activities   $(1,465      )           $(1,014     )           $(1,053     )
(a)   includes removal costs from property, plant and equipment retirements, net and net funds released.
in 2015 and 2014, cash flows used in investing activities increased primarily due to an increase in our regulated capital expenditures, principally from incremental investments associated with the replacement and renewal of our transmission and distribution infrastructure.
our infrastructure investment plan consists of both infrastructure renewal programs, where we replace infrastructure, as needed, and major capital investment projects, where we construct new water and wastewater treatment and delivery facilities to meet new customer growth and water quality regulations. our projected capital expenditures and other investments are subject to periodic review and revision to reflect changes in economic conditions and other factors.
the following table provides a summary of our historical capital expenditures related to upgrading our infrastructure and systems:
for the years ended december 31,
business transformation project                 -                       8                      60
sources of supply                              53                      31                      50
total capital expenditures                 $1,160                    $956                    $980
in 2015, capital expenditures increased $204 million, or 21.3%, primarily due to continued investment across all infrastructure categories, mainly replacement and renewal of transmission and distribution infrastructure.
in 2014, capital expenditures decreased $24 million, or 2.5%, primarily due to the completion of phase i and phase ii of our business transformation project in 2013, partially offset by increased infrastructure investment.
we also grow our business through acquisitions of water and wastewater systems, as well as other water-related services. these acquisitions are complementary to our existing business and support continued geographical diversification and growth of our operations. generally, acquisitions are funded initially with short-term debt and later refinanced with the proceeds from long-term debt.
the following provides a summary of the acquisitions and dispositions affecting our cash flows from investing activities:
·   paid $133 million for the acquisition of our ninety five percent interest in water solutions holdings, llc, the parent company of keystone clearwater solutions, llc; and
·   paid $64 million for 14 water and wastewater systems representing approximately 24,000 customers
·   received $5 million for the sale of assets and securities.
·   paid $9 million for 13 water and wastewater systems representing approximately 4,500 customers.
·   received $14 million for the sale of assets and securities.
·   paid approximately $24 million for ten water and five wastewater systems, which added approximately 30,000 customers. the largest of these acquisitions was the acquisition of the stock of a wastewater system in virginia with approximately 20,000 customers in november 2013.
·   we received approximately $1 million for the sale of assets and securities.
as previously noted, we expect to invest $6.4 billion from 2016 through 2020. in 2016, we estimate that our total capital expenditures will be $1.3 billion, with $1.2 billion allocated to improving infrastructure in our regulated businesses segment and $100 million for acquisitions and strategic capital investments.
we are currently considering a plan to construct a new corporate headquarters to consolidate our support services and certain of our employees in our market-based businesses within a single location. we are considering several locations within camden, new jersey for the new headquarters. the cost of construction, which would take several years to complete, is currently estimated to be up to $165 million, depending on the location selected and exclusive of any tax incentives that the company may receive.
cash flows from financing activities our financing activities, primarily focused on funding infrastructure construction expenditures, include the issuance of long-term and short-term debt, primarily through awcc. in addition, new infrastructure may be funded with customer advances and contributions in aid of construction (net of refunds), which amounted to $26 million for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014 and $19 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. based on the needs of our regulated subsidiaries and the company, awcc may borrow funds or issue its debt in the capital markets and then, through intercompany loans, provides those borrowings to the regulated subsidiaries and the company. the regulated subsidiaries and the company are obligated to pay their portion of the respective principal and interest to awcc in the amount necessary to enable awcc to meet its debt service obligations. because the company's borrowings are not a source of capital for the regulated subsidiaries, the company is not able to recover the interest charges on the company's debt through regulated water and wastewater rates. as of december 31, 2015, awcc has made long-term fixed rate loans and commercial paper loans to our regulated businesses amounting to $3.3 billion and $284 million, respectively. additionally, as of december 31, 2015, awcc has made long-term fixed rate loans and commercial paper loans to the company totaling $1.2 billion and $344 million to the company, respectively.
on may 7, 2015, the company and awcc filed with the sec a universal shelf registration statement that enables us to meet our capital needs through the offer and sale to the public from time to time of an unlimited amount of various types of securities, including american water common stock, preferred stock and other equity securities, and awcc debt types of securities, all subject to market conditions and demand, general economic conditions, and as applicable, rating status. the shelf registration will expire in may 2018. during 2015, 2014 and 2013, $550 million, $500 million and $400 million, respectively, of debt securities were issued pursuant to this and predecessor registration statements.
company                                            type                                   rate            maturity     amount
other american water subsidiaries   private activity bonds and government funded debt-fixed rate   1.00%-1.56%   2032                    15
(a)   on august 13, 2015, awcc completed an offering of its senior fixed rate notes. proceeds from this offering were used to lend funds to the company and its regulated utilities, to refinance commercial paper borrowings and to finance redemptions of long-term debt.
in addition to the above issuances, we also assumed $1 million of debt as a result of an acquisition in 2015, which has a fixed interest rate of 1.00% and matures in 2040.
the following long-term debt was retired through optional redemption or payment at maturity during 2015:
company                                   type                         rate             maturity        amount
awcc                                    private activity bonds and government      1.79%-5.25%        2015-2031               $36
other american water subsidiaries (a)   private activity bonds and government      0.00%-5.40%        2015-2041                61
other american water subsidiaries       capital lease payments                                                                  -
company                                       type                                   rate       maturity        amount
other subsidiaries (b)   private activity bonds and government funded debt-fixed rate   0.00%-5.00%   2031-2033                10
(a)   on august 14, 2014, awcc completed an offering of its senior fixed rate notes. proceeds from this offering were used to lend funds to the company and its regulated utilities, to refinance commercial paper borrowings and to finance redemptions of long-term debt.
(b)   proceeds from the above issuance were received in 2014 and have been utilized to fund certain specific projects. $10.0 million of these proceeds are held in trust pending our certification that we have incurred qualifying capital expenditures. these issuances have been presented as non-cash on the consolidated statements of cash flows. subsequent releases of all or a lesser portion of the funds by the trust are reflected as the release of restricted funds and are included in the investing activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows.
in addition to the above issuances, we also assumed $2 million of debt as a result of acquisitions in 2014.
the following long-term debt was retired through optional redemption or payment at maturity during 2014:
company                                   type                         rate             maturity        amount
american water capital corp.            private activity bonds and government      6.00%-6.75%        2018-2032              $101
funded debt-fixed rate american water capital corp.            senior notes-fixed rate                          6.00%   2039                          59
other american water subsidiaries (a)   private activity bonds and government      0.00%-5.25%        2014-2041                79
other american water subsidiaries       capital lease payments                                                                  0
company                                       type                                    rate             maturity        amount
awcc (b)                 private activity bonds and government funded debt-fixed rate     2.30%-2.90%        2021-2030                 8
other subsidiaries (c)   private activity bonds and government funded debt-fixed rate     1.59%-2.41%        2031-2033                 3
(a)   on november 20, 2013, awcc completed an offering of its 3.85% senior fixed rate notes. proceeds from the offering were used to refinance long-term debt and to repay commercial paper borrowings.
(b)   proceeds from these issuances were received in the fourth quarter of 2013 and have been utilized to fund certain specific projects. $7 million of these proceeds are held in trust pending our certification that we have incurred qualifying capital expenditures. these issuances have been presented as non-cash on the consolidated statements of cash flows. subsequent releases of all or a lesser portion of the funds by the trust are reflected as the release of restricted funds and are included in the investing activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows.
(c)   proceeds from these issuances were received from the pennsylvania infrastructure investment authority and have been used to fund specified projects.
in addition to the above issuances, we also assumed $13 million of debt as a result of acquisitions in 2013, most of which is associated with the dale service corporation stock acquisition in the fourth quarter of 2013.
the following long-term debt was retired through optional redemption or payment at maturity during 2013:
company                                 type                          rate              maturity        amount
other subsidiaries (b)              private activity bonds and government        0.00%-5.50%        2013-2041                18
other subsidiaries                  capital leases &amp; other                                                                0
(a)   on october 8, 2013, we announced the purchase and retirement through a tender offer of $226 million in aggregate outstanding principal amount of our 6.08% senior notes due 2017. on october 8, 2013, we paid $272 million to effect the tender, which, in addition to the principal, included a repurchase premium of $39 million and accrued interest of $7 million. also, in october 2013 and related to the tender, we recorded transaction fees of $1 million and a write-off of $1 million for unamortized debt issuance costs. the redemption was originally financed through commercial paper borrowing.
on november 1, 2013, we issued notices of redemption for $75 million and $75 million of outstanding senior notes with an original maturity date of 2038 and interest rates of 8.25% and 10.0%, respectively. these notes were retired on december 1, 2013.
also on december 21, 2013, an additional $101 million in senior notes with an interest rate of 5.39% matured.
from time to time and as market conditions warrant, we may engage in long-term debt retirements via tender offers, open market repurchases or other viable alternatives to strengthen our balance sheets.
in february 2015, our board of directors authorized an anti-dilutive common stock repurchase program to mitigate the effect of shares issued through our dividend reinvestment, employee stock purchase and executive compensation activities. the program allows the company to purchase up to 10 million shares of its outstanding common stock over an unrestricted period of time in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions. the program is conducted in accordance with rule 10b-18 of the exchange act, and to facilitate the repurchases, the company has also entered into a rule 10b5-1 share repurchase plan with a third-party broker, which allows us to repurchase shares at times when we may otherwise be prevented from doing so under insider trading laws or because of self-imposed trading blackout periods. subject to applicable regulations, the company may elect to amend or cancel this repurchase program or the share repurchase parameters at its discretion. as of december 31, 2015, we have repurchased an aggregate of approximately 2.3 million shares of common stock under this program.
credit facility and short-term debt in june 2015, awcc amended and restated the outstanding credit agreement, dated as of october 29, 2012, associated with the $1.25 billion aggregate commitment in unsecured revolving credit facility, to extend the expiration date of the facility from october 2018 to june 2020 and to allow awcc to request to extend further the term of the credit facility for up to two one-year periods. an extension request must satisfy certain conditions and receive approval of the lenders, as set forth in the agreement. interest rates on advances under the facility are based on a credit spread to the eurodollar rate or base rate with the credit spread based awcc's moody's investors service, which we refer to as moody's, or standard & poor's ratings services ratings, which we refer to as s&p, credit rating. at current ratings that spread would be 0.90%. the facility is used principally to support awcc's commercial paper program and to provide up to $150 million in letters of credit. indebtedness under the facility is considered "debt" for purposes of a support agreement between american water and awcc, which serves as a functional equivalent of a guarantee by american water of awcc's payment obligations under the credit facility.
also, the company acquired an additional revolving line of credit as part of its keystone acquisition. the total commitment under this credit facility was $16 million of which $2 million was outstanding as of december 31, 2015.
the following table summarizes information regarding the company's aggregate credit facility commitments, letter of credit sub-limits and available funds under those revolving credit facilities, as well as outstanding amounts of commercial paper and outstanding borrowings under the respective facilities as of december 31, 2015 and 2014:
available                                             available                   commercial credit facility           credit facility           letter of credit            letter of credit            paper                       credit line commitment                capacity                  sublimit                    capacity                    (net of discount)           borrowing
the weighted-average interest rate on awcc short-term borrowings for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014 was approximately 0.49% and 0.31%, respectively. interest accrues on the keystone revolving line of credit daily at a rate per annum equal to 2.75% above the greater of the one month or one day libor.
capital structure the following table indicates the percentage of our capitalization represented by the components of our capital structure as of december 31:
total common stockholders' equity                                      43.5   %          45.2   %          44.6   %
long-term debt and redeemable preferred stock at redemption value      50.6   %          50.1   %          49.3   %
the changes in the capital structure between periods were mainly attributable to changes in outstanding commercial paper balances.
debt covenants our debt agreements contain financial and non-financial covenants. to the extent that we are not in compliance with these covenants such an event may create an event of default under the debt agreement and we or our subsidiaries may be restricted in our ability to pay dividends, issue new debt or access our revolving credit facility. for two of our smaller operating companies, we have informed our counterparties that we will provide only unaudited financial information at the subsidiary level, which resulted in technical non-compliance with certain of their reporting requirements under debt agreements with respect to $8 million of outstanding debt. we do not believe this event will materially impact us. our long-term debt indentures contain a number of covenants that, among other things, limit the company from issuing debt secured by the company's assets, subject to certain exceptions. our failure to comply with any of these covenants could accelerate repayment obligations.
certain long-term notes and the revolving credit facility require us to maintain a ratio of consolidated debt to consolidated capitalization (as defined in the relevant documents) of not more than 0.70 to 1.00. on december 31, 2015, our ratio was 0.56 to 1.00 and therefore we were in compliance with the covenant.
security ratings our access to the capital markets, including the commercial paper market, and respective financing costs in those markets, may be directly affected by our securities ratings. we primarily access the debt capital markets, including the commercial paper market, through awcc. however, we have also issued debt through our regulated subsidiaries, primarily in the form of tax exempt securities or borrowings under state revolving funds, to lower our overall cost of debt.
on may 7, 2015, standard and poor's ("s&p") raised our corporate credit rating on awcc and american water from a- to a and our commercial paper rating from a-2 to a-1 on american water and awcc. s&p also confirmed its stable rating outlook. on august 7, 2015, moody's upgraded the long-term ratings for american water and awcc from baa1 to a3. at the same time, moody's also affirmed awcc's commercial paper rating at p2. moody's rating outlook for american water and awcc remains as stable.
our long-term and short-term credit ratings as of december 31, 2015 are as follows:
securities              service             ratings service senior unsecured debt   a3                  a commercial paper        p2                  a-1
a security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency, and each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. security ratings are highly dependent upon our ability to generate cash flows in an amount sufficient to service our debt and meet our investment plans. we can provide no assurances that our ability to generate cash flows is sufficient to maintain our existing ratings. none of our borrowings are subject to default or prepayment as a result of the downgrading of these security ratings, although such a downgrading could increase fees and interest charges under our credit facility.
as part of the normal course of business, we routinely enter into contracts for the purchase and sale of water, energy, chemicals and other services. these contracts either contain express provisions or otherwise permit us and our counterparties to demand adequate assurance of future performance when there are reasonable grounds for doing so. in accordance with the contracts and applicable contract law, if we are downgraded by a credit rating agency, especially if such downgrade is to a level below investment grade, it is possible that a counterparty would attempt to rely on such a downgrade as a basis for making a demand for adequate assurance of future performance, which could include a demand that we provide collateral to secure our obligations. we do not expect to post any collateral which will have a material adverse impact on the company's results of operations, financial position or cash flows.
dividends our board of directors authorizes the payment of dividends. the payment of dividends is subject to (sufficient liquidity, dividends from subsidiaries, etc.). the company's dividend rate on its common stock is determined by the board of directors on a quarterly basis and takes into consideration, among other factors, current and possible future developments that may affect the company's income and cash flows. historically, dividends have been paid quarterly to holders of record approximately 15 days prior to the distribution date. since the dividends on our common stock are not cumulative, only declared dividends are paid.
during 2015, 2014 and 2013, we paid $239 million, $216 million and $150 million in cash dividends, respectively. for 2015, we paid a cash dividend of $0.34 per share on december 1, september 1, june 1 and $0.31 per share on march 2. in 2014, we paid a cash dividend of $0.31 per share on december 1, september 2, june 2 and $0.28 on march 3. in 2013, we paid a cash dividend of $0.28 per share on december 2, september 3 and june 3.
regulatory restrictions the issuance by the company or awcc of long-term debt or equity securities does not require authorization of any state puc if no guarantee or pledge of the regulated subsidiaries is utilized. however, state puc authorization is required to issue long-term debt at most of our regulated subsidiaries. our regulated subsidiaries normally obtain the required approvals on a periodic basis to cover their anticipated financing needs for a period of time or in connection with a specific financing.
under applicable law, our subsidiaries can pay dividends only from retained, undistributed or current earnings. a significant loss recorded at a subsidiary may limit the dividends that the subsidiary can distribute to us.
insurance coverage we carry various property, casualty and financial insurance policies with limits, deductibles and exclusions that we believe are consistent with industry standards. however, insurance coverage may not be adequate or available to cover unanticipated losses or claims. additionally, annual policy renewals can be impacted by claims experience which in turn can impact coverage terms and conditions on a going forward basis. we are self-insured to the extent that losses are within the policy deductible or exceed the amount of insurance maintained. such losses could have a material adverse effect on our short-term and long-term financial condition and our results of operations and cash flows.
contractual obligations and commitments we enter into contractual obligations with third parties in the ordinary course of business. information relat ed to our contractual obligations as of december 31, 2015 is summarized in the table below:
postretirement benefit plans' obligations (f)            98                        22                  40                  36                    -
preferred stocks with mandatory redemption               13                         2                   3                   3                    5
requirements interest on preferred stock with mandatory                7                         1                   2                   1                    3
redemption requirements other obligations (g)                                 2,346                       979                 847                  97                  423
note: the above table reflects only financial obligations and commitments. therefore, performance obligations associated with our market-based businesses are not included in the above amounts. also, uncertain tax positions of $233 million are not reflected in this table as we cannot predict when open tax years will close with completed examinations. see note 13-income taxes in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
(a)   represents sinking fund obligations and debt maturities.
(c)   represents future minimum payments under non-cancelable operating leases, primarily for the lease of motor vehicles, buildings, land and other equipment including water facilities and systems constructed by partners under the public-private partnerships described below.
(d)   represents future payments under water purchase agreements for minimum quantities of water.
(e)   represents the open purchase orders as of december 31, 2015, for goods and services purchased in the ordinary course of business.
(f)   represents contributions expected to be made to pension and postretirement benefit plans for the years 2016 through 2020.
(g)   includes an estimate of advances for construction to be refunded, capital expenditures estimated to be required under legal and binding contractual obligations, contracts entered into for energy purchases, a liability associated with a conservation agreement and service agreements.
public-private partnerships wvawc has entered into a series of agreements with various public entities, which we refer to as the partners, to establish certain joint ventures, commonly referred to as "public-private partnerships." under the public-private partnerships, wvawc constructed utility plant, financed by wvawc, and the partners constructed utility plant (connected to wvawc's property), financed by the partners. wvawc agreed to transfer and convey some of its real and personal property to the partners in exchange for an equal principal amount of industrial development bonds, commonly referred to as idbs, issued by the partners under a state industrial development bond and commercial development act. wvawc leased back the total facilities, including portions funded by both wvawc and the partners, under leases for a period of 40 years.
the leases have payments that approximate the payments required by the terms of the idbs. these payments are considered "pilot payments" which represent payments in lieu of taxes and approximate what wvawc otherwise would pay as property taxes on the properties. we have presented the transaction on a net basis in the consolidated financial statements. the carrying value of the transferred facilities, which is presented in property, plant and equipment in the consolidated balance sheets, was approximately $156 million as of december 31, 2015.
performance obligations we have entered into agreements for the provision of services to water and wastewater facilities for the united states military, municipalities and other customers. these military services agreements expire between 2051 and 2065 and have remaining performance commitments as measured by estimated remaining contract revenues of $2.8 billion as of december 31, 2015. the operations and maintenance agreements with municipalities and other customers expire between 2015 and 2048 and have remaining performance commitments as measured by estimated remaining contract revenue of $795 million as of december 31, 2015. some of the company's long-term contracts to operate and maintain a municipality's, federal government's or other party's water or wastewater treatment and delivery facilities include responsibility for certain major maintenance for some of the facilities, in exchange for an annual fee.
critical accounting policies and estimates the application of critical accounting policies is particularly important to our financial condition and results of operations and provides a framework for management to make significant estimates, assumptions and other judgments. although our management believes that these estimates, assumptions and other judgments are appropriate, they relate to matters that are inherently uncertain. accordingly, changes in the estimates, assumptions and other judgments applied to these accounting policies could have a significant impact on our financial condition and results of operations as reflected in our consolidated financial statements.
our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows are impacted by the methods, assumptions and estimates used in the application of critical accounting policies. management believes that the areas described below require significant judgment in the application of accounting policy or in making estimates and assumptions in matters that are inherently uncertain and that may change in subsequent periods. our management has reviewed these critical accounting policies, and the estimates and assumptions regarding them, with our audit committee. in addition, our management has also reviewed the following disclosures regarding the application of these critical accounting policies with the audit committee.
regulatory accounting our regulated utility subsidiaries are subject to regulation by state pucs and the local governments of the states in which they operate. as such, we follow the authoritative accounting principles required for rate regulated entities, which requires us to reflect the effects of rate regulation in our financial statements. use of the authoritative guidance is applicable to utility operations that meet the following criteria: (i) third-party regulation of rates; (ii) cost-based rates; and (iii) a reasonable assumption that rates will be set to recover the estimated costs of providing service plus a return on net investment, or rate base. as of december 31, 2015, we concluded that the operations of our regulated subsidiaries met the criteria.
due to timing and other differences in the collection of revenue, these accounting principles allow a cost that would otherwise be charged as an expense by an unregulated entity to be capitalized as a regulatory asset if it is probable that such cost is recoverable through future rates; conversely, the principles allow creation of a regulatory liability for amounts collected in rates to recover costs expected to be incurred in the future or amounts collected in excess of costs incurred and are refundable to customers. regulators may also impose certain fines or penalties.
as of december 31, 2015, we have recorded $1.3 billion of net regulatory assets and $402 million of regulatory liabilities within our consolidated financial statements. see note 6-regulatory assets and liabilities in the notes to consolidated financial statements for further information regarding the significant regulatory assets and liabilities.
for each regulatory jurisdiction where we conduct business, we assess at the end of each reporting period, or earlier, if appropriate, whether the regulatory assets and liabilities continue to meet the criteria for probable future recovery or settlement. this assessment includes consideration of factors such as changes in applicable regulatory environments, recent rate orders on recovery of a specific or similar incurred cost to other regulated entities in the same jurisdiction, the status of any pending or potential legislation that could impact the ability to recover costs through regulated rates. if subsequent events indicate that the regulatory assets or liabilities no longer meet the criteria for probable future recovery or settlement, our statement of operations and financial position could be materially affected. in addition, if we conclude in a future period that a separable portion of the business no longer meets the criteria, we are required to eliminate the financial statement effects of regulation for that part of the business, which would include the elimination of any or all regulatory assets and liabilities that had been recorded in the consolidated financial statements. failure to meet the criteria of the authoritative guidance could materially impact our consolidated financial statements.
goodwill the company has recorded $1.3 billion and $1.2 billion of goodwill at december 31, 2015 and 2014. the company's annual impairment test is performed as of november 30 of each year, in conjunction with the timing of the completion of the company's annual business plan. the company also undertakes interim reviews when the company determines that a triggering event that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value has occurred.
entities assessing goodwill for impairment have the option of first performing a qualitative assessment to determine whether a quantitative assessment is necessary. in performing a qualitative assessment, the company assess, among other things, macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, overall financial performance, cost factors and entity specific events. if an entity determines, on the basis of qualitative factors, that the fair value of the reporting unit is more likely than not greater than the carrying amount, no further testing is required. if the entity bypasses the qualitative assessment or performs the qualitative assessment, but determines that it is more likely than not that its fair value is less than its carrying amount, a quantitative two-step, fair value-based test is performed.
the first step compares the estimated fair value of the reporting unit to its respective net carrying values, including goodwill, on the measurement date. if the estimated fair value of any reporting unit is less than such reporting unit's carrying value, then the second step is performed to measure the amount of the impairment loss (if any) for such reporting unit.
the second step requires an allocation of fair value to the individual assets and liabilities using purchase price allocation accounting guidance in order to determine the implied fair value of goodwill. if the implied fair value of goodwill is less than the carrying amount for the reporting unit, an impairment loss is recorded as a reduction to goodwill and a charge to operating expense. application of the goodwill impairment test requires significant management judgment, including the identification of reporting units and determining the fair value of the reporting unit. management estimates fair value using a combination of a discounted cash flow analysis and market multiples analysis. significant assumptions used in these fair value analyses include, but are not limited to, discount and growth rates and projected terminal values.
excluding goodwill acquired in 2015 related to the keystone acquisition, the company determined that no qualitative factors were present that would indicate the estimated fair values of its reporting units were less than the respective carrying values. as such, the company determined that the two-step goodwill impairment test was not necessary at november 30, 2015. further, no triggering events occurred which required an impairment evaluation between the annual testing dates.
the company recorded goodwill of $91 million as part of the keystone acquisition. the keystone business is an operating segment comprised of one reporting unit to which all of the goodwill arising from the acquisition was assigned. a step one test was completed for the keystone goodwill. we used an income approach valuation technique which estimates the discounted future cash flows of operations. the discounted cash flow analysis relies on a single scenario reflecting the best estimate of projected cash flows. significant assumptions were used in estimating the fair value, including the discount rate, growth rate and terminal value. the estimated fair value of the keystone reporting unit exceeded its carrying value by less than 3%, and as such the company does not believe the goodwill is impaired. if a further decline in the fair value were to occur, the keystone reporting unit would be at risk of failing step one of the goodwill impairment test.
no impairment charge was recorded for goodwill for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 or 2013.
there can be no assurances that the company will not be required to recognize an impairment of goodwill in the future due to market conditions or other factors related to the company's performance. these market events could include a decline over a period of time of the company's stock price, a decline over a period of time in valuation multiples of comparable water utilities and reporting unit companies, the lack of an increase in the company's market price consistent with its peer companies, decreases in control premiums or continued downward pressure on commodity prices. a decline in the forecasted results in our business plan, such as changes in rate case results or capital investment budgets or changes in our interest rates, could also result in an impairment charge. in regards to the keystone goodwill, adverse developments in market conditions, including prolonged depression of natural gas prices or other factors that negatively impact our forecast operating results, cash flows or key assumptions in the future could result in an impairment charge of a portion or all of the goodwill balance.
impairment of long-lived assets long-lived assets include land, buildings, equipment and long-term investments. long-lived assets, other than investments and land, are depreciated over their estimated useful lives, and are reviewed for impairment whenever changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable. such circumstances would include items such as a significant decrease in the market value of a long-lived asset, a significant adverse change in the manner in which the asset is being used or planned to be used or in its physical condition, or a history of operating or cash flow losses associated with the use of the asset. in addition, changes in the expected useful life of these long-lived assets may also be an impairment indicator. when such events or changes occur, we estimate the fair value of the asset from future cash flows expected to result from the use and, if applicable, the eventual disposition of the assets, and compare that to the carrying value of the asset. if the carrying value is greater than the fair value, an impairment loss is recognized equal to the amount by which the asset's carrying value exceeds its fair value. the key variables that must be estimated include assumptions regarding sales volume, rates, operating costs, labor and other benefit costs, capital additions, assumed discount rates and other economic factors. these variables require significant management judgment and include inherent uncertainties since they are forecasting future events. a variation in the assumptions used could lead to a different conclusion regarding the realizability of an asset and, thus, could have a significant effect on the consolidated financial statements.
the long-lived assets of the regulated utility subsidiaries are grouped on a separate entity basis for impairment testing as they are integrated state-wide operations that do not have the option to curtail service and generally have uniform tariffs. a regulatory asset is charged to earnings if and when future recovery in rates of that asset is no longer probable.
the fair values of long-term investments are dependent on the financial performance and solvency of the entities in which we invest, as well as volatility inherent in the external markets. in assessing potential impairment for these investments, we consider these factors. if such assets are considered impaired, an impairment loss is recognized equal to the amount by which the asset's carrying value exceeds its fair value.
revenue recognition revenues of the regulated utility subsidiaries are recognized as water and wastewater services are delivered to customers and include amounts billed to customers on a cycle basis and unbilled amounts based on estimated usage from the date of the meter reading associated with the latest customer bill to the end of the accounting period. unbilled utility revenues as of december 31, 2015 and 2014 were $267 million and $221 million, respectively. increases in volumes delivered to the utilities' customers and rate mix due to changes in usage patterns in customer classes in the period could be significant to the calculation of unbilled revenue. changes in the timing of meter reading schedules and the number and type of customers scheduled for each meter reading date would also have an effect on the estimated unbilled revenue.
revenue from market-based businesses is recognized as services are rendered. revenues from certain construction projects are recognized over the contract term based on the costs incurred to date during the period compared to the total estimated costs over the entire contract. losses on contracts are recognized during the period in which the loss first becomes probable and estimable. revenues recognized during the period in excess of billings on construction contracts are recorded as unbilled revenue. billings in excess of revenues recognized on construction contracts are recorded as other current liabilities on the balance sheet until the recognition criteria are met. changes in contract performance and related estimated contract profitability may result in revisions to costs and revenues and are recognized in the period in which revisions are determined.
accounting for income taxes significant management judgment is required in determining the provision for income taxes, primarily due to the uncertainty related to tax positions taken, as well as deferred tax assets and liabilities, valuation allowances and the utilization of net operating loss carryforwards.
in accordance with applicable authoritative guidance, we account for uncertain income tax positions using a benefit recognition model with a two-step approach, including a more-likely-than-not recognition threshold and a measurement approach based on the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. if it is not more-likely-than-not that the benefit of the tax position will be sustained on its technical merits, no benefit is recorded. uncertain tax positions that relate only to timing of when an item is included on a tax return are considered to have met the recognition threshold. management evaluates each position based solely on the technical merits and facts and circumstances of the position, assuming the position will be examined by a taxing authority having full knowledge of all relevant information. significant judgment is required to determine whether the recognition threshold has been met and, if so, the appropriate amount of unrecognized tax benefit to be recorded in the consolidated financial statements.
we evaluate the probability of realizing deferred tax assets quarterly by reviewing a forecast of future taxable income and our intent and ability to implement tax planning strategies, if necessary, to realize deferred tax assets. we also assess our ability to utilize tax attributes, including those in the form of carryforwards, for which the benefits have already been reflected in the financial statements. we record valuation allowances for deferred tax assets when we conclude it is more-likely-than-not such benefit will not be realized in future periods.
actual income taxes could vary from estimated amounts due to the future impacts of various items, including changes in income tax laws, our forecasted financial condition and results of operations, failure to successfully implement tax planning strategies, recovery of taxes through the regulatory process for our regulated businesses, as well as results of audits and examinations of filed tax returns by taxing authorities. while we believe the resulting tax balances as of december 31, 2015 and 2014 are appropriately accounted for in accordance with the applicable authoritative guidance, the ultimate outcome of tax matters could result in favorable or unfavorable adjustments to our consolidated financial statements and such adjustments could be material. see note 13-income taxes in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding income taxes.
accounting for pension and postretirement benefits we maintain noncontributory defined benefit pension plans covering eligible employees of our regulated utility and shared service operations. benefits under the plans are based on the employee's years of service and compensation. the pension plans were closed for most employees hired on or after january 1, 2006. union employees hired on or after january 1, 2001 had their accrued benefit frozen and will be able to receive this benefit as a lump sum upon termination or retirement. union employees hired on or after january 1, 2001 and non-union employees hired on or after january 1, 2006 are provided with a 5.25% of base pay defined contribution plan. we also maintain other postretirement benefit plans, which provide varying levels of medical and life insurance for eligible retirees. these retiree welfare plans are closed for union employees hired on or after january 1, 2006. the plans had previously closed for non-union employees hired on or after january 1, 2002. the company also has several unfunded noncontributory supplemental non-qualified pension plans that provide additional retirement benefits to certain employees. the company does not participate in a multiemployer plan. see note 13 in the notes to consolidated financial statements for further information regarding the accounting for the defined benefit pension plans and postretirement benefit plans. the company's pension and postretirement benefit costs are developed from actuarial valuations. inherent in these valuations are key assumptions provided by the company to its actuaries, including the discount rate and expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. material changes in the company's pension and postretirement benefit costs may occur in the future due to changes in these assumptions as well as fluctuations in plan assets. the assumptions are selected to represent the average expected experience over time and may differ in any one year from actual experience due to changes in capital markets and the overall economy. these differences will impact the amount of pension and other postretirement benefit expense that the company recognizes. the primary assumptions are:
·   discount rate-the discount rate is used in calculating the present value of benefits, which are based on projections of benefit payments to be made in the future. the objective in selecting the discount rate is to measure the single amount that, if invested at the measurement date in a portfolio of high-quality debt instruments, would provide the necessary future cash flows to pay the accumulated benefits when due;
·   expected return on plan assets ("eroa")-management projects the future return on plan assets considering prior performance, but primarily based upon the plans' mix of assets and expectations for the long-term returns on those asset classes. these projected returns reduce the net benefit costs we record currently;
·   rate of compensation increase-management projects employees' pay increases, which are used to project employees' pension benefits at retirement;
·   health care cost trend rate-management projects the expected increases in the cost of health care; and
·   mortality-in the determination of year end 2014 projected benefit obligations, management adopted a new table based on the society of actuaries rp 2014 mortality table including a generational bb-2d projection scale. the adoption resulted in a significant increase to pension and other postretirement benefit plans' projected benefit obligations.
the discount rate assumption, which is determined for the pension and postretirement benefit plans independently, is subject to change each year, consistent with changes in applicable high-quality, long-term corporate bond indices. we use an approach that approximates the process of settlement of obligations tailored to the plans' expected cash flows by matching the plans' cash flows to the coupons and expected maturity values of individually selected bonds. the yield curve was developed for a portfolio containing the majority of united states-issued aa-graded non-callable (or callable with make-whole provisions) corporate bonds. for each plan, the discount rate was developed as the level equivalent rate that would yield the same present value as using spot rates aligned with the projected benefit payments. the discount rate for determining pension benefit obligations was 4.66%, 4.24% and 5.12% at december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the discount rate for determining other post-retirement benefit obligations was 4.67%, 4.24% and 5.10% at december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
in selecting an expected return on plan assets, we considered tax implications, past performance and economic forecasts for the types of investments held by the plans. the long-term eroa assumption used in calculating pension cost was 6.91% for 2015, 6.91% for 2014, and 7.49% for 2013. the weighted average eroa assumption used in calculating other postretirement benefit costs was 4.92% for 2015, 5.87% for 2014 and 6.99% for 2013.
the asset allocations for the company's u.s. pension plan by asset category were as follows:
target                     percentage of plan assets allocation                       as of december 31,
equity securities                                        52   %                50      %                   51   %
real estate investment trusts ("reits")                   2   %                 2      %                    2   %
the investment policy guidelines of the pension plan require that the fixed income portfolio has an overall weighted average credit rating of aa or better by standard & poor's and the minimum credit quality for fixed income securities must be bbb- or better. up to 20% of the portfolio may be invested in collateralized mortgage obligations backed by the united states government.
the company's other postretirement benefit plans are partially funded. the asset allocations for the company's other postretirement benefit plans by asset category were as follows:
target                     percentage of plan assets allocation                       as of december 31,
equity securities                  32   %                32      %                   30   %
reits                               -                     -                           -   %
the company's investment policy, and related target asset allocation, is evaluated periodically through asset liability studies. the studies consider projected cash flows of maturity liabilities, projected asset class return risk, and correlation and risk tolerance.
the pension and postretirement welfare plan trusts investments include debt and equity securities held either directly or through commingled funds. the trustee for the company's defined benefit pension and postretirement welfare plans uses independent valuation firms to calculate the fair value of plan assets. additionally, the company independently verifies the assets values. approximately 45.6% of the assets are valued using the quoted market price for the assets in an active market at the measurement date, while 54.4% of the assets are valued using other inputs.
in selecting a rate of compensation increase, we consider past experience in light of movements in inflation rates. our rate of compensation increase was 3.10% for 2015, 3.12% for 2014 and 3.15% for 2013.
in selecting health care cost trend rates, we consider past performance and forecasts of increases in health care costs. our health care cost trend rate used to calculate the periodic cost was 6.75% in 2015 gradually declining to 5.00% in 2021 and thereafter.
assumed health care cost trend rates have a significant effect on the amounts reported for the other postretirement benefit plans. the health care cost trend rate is based on historical rates and expected market conditions. a one-percentage-point change in assumed health care cost trend rates would have the following effects:
change in actuarial assumption                         impact on other                              impact on 2015
postretirement                              total service benefit obligation as of december 31, 2015                     and interest cost components
we will use a discount rate and eroa of 4.66% and 7.02%, respectively, for estimating our 2016 pension costs. additionally, we will use a discount rate and eroa of 4.67% and 5.20%, respectively, for estimating our 2016 other postretirement benefit costs. a decrease in the discount rate or the eroa would increase our pension expense. our 2015 and 2014 pension and postretirement costs, including such expenses charged to our discontinued operations, were $61 million and $24 million, respectively. the company expects to make pension and postretirement benefit contributions to the plan trusts of $55 million, $61 million, $79 million, $93 million and $103 million in 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019 and 2020, respectively. actual amounts contributed could change significantly from these estimates. the assumptions are reviewed annually and at any interim re-measurement of the plan obligations. the impact of assumption changes is reflected in the recorded pension and postretirement benefit amounts as they occur, or over a period of time if allowed under applicable accounting standards. as these assumptions change from period to period, recorded pension and postretirement benefit amounts and funding requirements could also change.
accounting for contingencies we record loss contingencies when management determines that the outcome of future events is probable of occurring and when the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. the determination of a loss contingency is based on management judgment and estimates about the likely outcome of the matter, which may include an analysis of different scenarios. liabilities are recorded or adjusted when events or circumstances cause these judgments or estimates to change. in assessing whether a loss is reasonably possible, management considers many factors, which include, but are not limed to: the nature of the litigation, claim or assessment, available information, opinions or views of legal counsel and other advisors, and the experience gained from similar cases or situations. we provide disclosures for material contingencies when management deems there is a reasonable possibility that a loss or an additional loss may be incurred. we provide estimates of reasonably possible losses when such estimates may be reasonably determined, either as a single amount or within a reasonable range.
actual amounts realized upon settlement of contingencies may be different than amounts recorded and disclosed and could have a significant impact on the liabilities, revenue and expenses recorded on the consolidated financial statements. for a discussion of contingencies, see note 15-commitments and contingencies in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
new accounting standards see note 2-significant accounting policies in the notes to consolidated financial statements for a description of recent accounting standards.