item 1a. risk factors our business is subject to a variety of risks. set forth below are certain of the important risks that we face, the occurrence of which could have a material, adverse effect on our business. these risks are not the only ones we face. our business could also be affected by additional factors that are presently unknown to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial to our business.
•    the economy. in periods of declining economic conditions, both retail and commercial customers may defer vehicle maintenance or repairs. additionally, such conditions may affect our customers’ ability to obtain credit. during periods of expansionary economic conditions, more of our diy customers may pay others to repair and maintain their cars instead of working on their own vehicles, or they may purchase new vehicles.
•   the weather. mild weather conditions may lower the failure rates of automotive parts, while wet conditions may cause our customers to defer maintenance and repair on their vehicles. extremely hot or cold conditions may enhance demand for our products due to increased failure rates of our customers’ automotive parts.
•   the quality of the vehicles manufactured by the original vehicle manufacturers and the length of the warranties or maintenance offered on new vehicles.
all of these factors could result in immediate and longer term declines in the demand for our products, which could adversely affect our sales, cash flows and overall financial condition.
if we are unable to compete successfully against other businesses that sell the products that we sell, we could lose customers and our sales and profits may decline.
the sale of automotive parts, accessories and maintenance items is highly competitive, and sales volumes are dependent on many factors, including name recognition, product availability, customer service, store location and price. competitors are opening locations near our existing locations. autozone competes as a provider in both the diy and difm auto parts and accessories markets.
our competitors include national, regional and local auto parts chains, independently owned parts stores, online parts stores, wholesale distributors, jobbers, repair shops, car washes and auto dealers, in addition to discount and mass merchandise stores, hardware stores, supermarkets, drugstores, convenience stores, home stores, and other online retailers that sell aftermarket vehicle parts and supplies, chemicals, accessories, tools and maintenance parts. although we believe we compete effectively on the basis of customer service, including the knowledge and expertise of our autozoners; merchandise quality, selection and availability; product warranty; store layout, location and convenience; price; and the strength of our autozone brand name, trademarks and service marks, some of our competitors may gain competitive advantages, such as greater financial and marketing resources allowing them to sell automotive products at lower prices, larger stores with more merchandise, longer operating histories, more frequent customer visits and more effective advertising. with the increasing use of digital tools and social media, our customers are quickly able to compare prices, product assortment, and feedback from other customers before purchasing our products either online, in the physical stores, or through a combination of both offerings. if we are unable to continue to develop successful competitive strategies, or if our competitors develop more effective strategies, we could lose customers and our sales and profits may decline.
we have increased our location count in the past five fiscal years, growing from 4,627 locations at august 28, 2010, to 5,609 locations at august 29, 2015, an average store location increase per year of 4%. additionally, we have increased annual revenues in the past five fiscal years from $7.363 billion in fiscal 2010 to $10.187 billion in fiscal 2015, an average increase per year of 8%. annual revenue growth is driven by the opening of new locations and commercial programs and increases in same store sales. we open new locations only after evaluating customer buying trends and market demand/needs, all of which could be adversely affected by persistent unemployment, wage cuts, small business failures and microeconomic conditions unique to the automotive industry. same store sales are impacted both by customer demand levels and by the prices we are able to charge for our products, which can also be negatively impacted by the economic pressures mentioned above. we cannot provide any assurance that we will continue to open locations at historical rates or continue to achieve increases in same store sales.
consolidation among our competitors may negatively impact our business.
recently some of our competitors have merged. consolidation among our competitors could enhance their market share and financial position, provide them with the ability to achieve better purchasing terms and provide more competitive prices to customers for whom we compete, and allow them to utilize merger synergies and cost savings to increase advertising and marketing budgets to more effectively compete for customers. consolidation by our competitors could also increase their access to local market parts assortment. these consolidated competitors could take sales volume away from us in certain markets, could cause us to change our pricing with a negative impact on our margins or could cause us to spend more money to maintain customers or seek new customers, all of which could negatively impact our business.
if we cannot profitably increase our market share in the commercial auto parts business, our sales growth may be limited.
although we are one of the largest sellers of auto parts in the commercial market, we must effectively compete against national and regional auto parts chains, independently owned parts stores, wholesalers and jobbers in order to increase our commercial market share. although we believe we compete effectively in the commercial market on the basis of customer service, merchandise quality, selection and availability, price, product warranty, distribution locations, and the strength of our autozone brand name, trademarks and service marks, some automotive aftermarket jobbers have been in business for substantially longer periods of time than we have, and as a result have developed long-term customer relationships and have large available inventories. if we are unable to profitably develop new commercial customers, our sales growth may be limited.
a downgrade in our credit ratings or a general disruption in the credit markets could make it more difficult for us to access funds, refinance our debt, obtain new funding or issue securities.
our short-term and long-term debt is rated investment grade by the major rating agencies. these investment-grade credit ratings have historically allowed us to take advantage of lower interest rates and other favorable terms on our short-term credit lines, in our senior debt offerings and in the commercial paper markets. to maintain our investment-grade ratings, we are required to meet certain financial performance ratios. a change by the rating agencies in these ratios, an increase in our debt, and/or a decline in our earnings could result in downgrades in our credit ratings. a downgrade in our credit ratings could limit our access to public debt markets, limit the institutions willing to provide credit facilities to us, result in more restrictive financial and other covenants in our public and private debt and would likely significantly increase our overall borrowing costs and adversely affect our earnings.
moreover, significant deterioration in the financial condition of large financial institutions in recent years resulted in a severe loss of liquidity and availability of credit in global credit markets and in more stringent borrowing terms. during brief time intervals in recent years, there was limited liquidity in the commercial paper markets, resulting in an absence of commercial paper buyers and extraordinarily high interest rates on commercial paper. we can provide no assurance that credit market events such as those that occurred in recent years will not occur again in the foreseeable future. conditions and events in the global credit market could have a material adverse effect on our access to short-term debt and the terms and cost of that debt.
significant changes in macroeconomic and geo-political factors could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
macroeconomic conditions impact both our customers and our suppliers. job growth in the united states has remained relatively slow during the past five years; however, towards the end of fiscal 2015, the unemployment rate has improved to pre-recession levels. moreover, the united states government continues to operate under historically large deficits and debt burden. continued distress in global credit markets, business failures, significant geo-political conflicts, continued volatility in energy prices and other factors continue to affect the global economy. moreover, rising energy prices could impact our merchandise distribution, commercial delivery, utility and product costs. over the short term, such factors could positively impact our business. over a longer period of time, all of these macroeconomic and geo-political conditions could adversely affect our sales growth, margins and overhead, which could adversely affect our financial condition and operations.
we believe that much of our brand value lies in the quality of the more than 81,000 autozoners employed in our stores, distribution centers, store support centers, alldata, autoanything and imc. our workforce costs represent our largest operating expense, and our business is subject to employment laws and regulations, including requirements related to minimum wage. we cannot be assured that we can continue to hire and retain qualified employees at current wage rates. if we are unable to hire, properly train and/or retain qualified employees, we could experience higher employment costs, reduced sales, losses of customers and diminution of our brand, which could adversely affect our earnings. if we do not maintain competitive wages, our customer service could suffer due to a declining quality of our workforce or, alternatively, our earnings could decrease if we increase our wage rates. a violation or change in employment laws and/or regulations could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
inability to acquire and provide quality merchandise could adversely affect our sales and results of operations.
we are dependent upon our vendors continuing to supply us with quality merchandise. if our merchandise offerings do not meet our customers’ expectations regarding quality and safety, we could experience lost sales, increased costs and exposure to legal and reputational risk. all of our vendors must comply with applicable product safety laws, and we are dependent on them to ensure that the products we buy comply with all safety and quality standards. events that give rise to actual, potential or perceived product safety concerns could expose us to government enforcement action or private litigation and result in costly product recalls and other liabilities. to the extent our suppliers are subject to added government regulation of their product design and/or manufacturing processes, the cost of the merchandise we purchase may rise. in addition, negative customer perceptions regarding the safety or quality of the products we sell could cause our customers to seek alternative sources for their needs, resulting in lost sales. in those circumstances, it may be difficult and costly for us to rebuild our reputation and regain the confidence of our customers. moreover, our vendors are impacted by global economic conditions. credit market and other macroeconomic conditions could have a material adverse effect on the ability of our suppliers to finance and operate their businesses and meet our inventory demands. if any of our significant vendors experience financial difficulties or otherwise are unable to deliver merchandise to us on a timely basis, or at all, we could have product shortages in our stores that could adversely affect customers’ perceptions of us and cause us to lose customers and sales.
our ability to grow depends in part on new location openings, existing location remodels and expansions and effective utilization of our existing supply chain and hub network.
our continued growth and success will depend in part on our ability to open and operate new locations and expand and remodel existing locations to meet customers’ needs on a timely and profitable basis. accomplishing our new and existing location expansion goals will depend upon a number of factors, including the ability to partner with developers and landlords to obtain suitable sites for new and expanded locations at acceptable costs, the hiring and training of qualified personnel, particularly at the location management level, and the integration of new locations into existing operations. there can be no assurance we will be able to achieve our location expansion goals, manage our growth effectively, successfully integrate the planned new locations into our operations or operate our new, remodeled and expanded locations profitably.
in addition, we extensively utilize our hub network, our supply chain and logistics management techniques to efficiently stock our locations. we have made, and plan to continue to make, significant investments in our supply chain to improve our ability to provide the best parts at the right price. if we fail to effectively utilize our existing hubs and/or supply chains or if our investments in our supply chain do not provide the anticipated benefits, we could experience sub-optimal inventory levels in our locations, which could adversely affect our sales volume and/or our margins.
our failure to protect our reputation could have a material adverse effect on our brand name and profitability.
we believe our continued strong sales growth is driven in significant part by our brand name. the value in our brand name and its continued effectiveness in driving our sales growth are dependent to a significant degree on our ability to maintain our reputation for safety, high product quality, friendliness, service, trustworthy advice, integrity and business ethics. any negative publicity about these areas could damage our reputation and may result in reduced demand for our merchandise. the increasing use of technology also poses a risk as customers are able to quickly compare products and prices and use social media to provide feedback in a manner that is rapidly and broadly dispersed. our reputation could be impacted if a customer has a bad experience and shares it over social media.
failure to comply with ethical, social, product, labor, environmental, and anti-corruption standards could also jeopardize our reputation and potentially lead to various adverse actions by consumer or environmental groups, employees or regulatory bodies. failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to maintain an effective system of internal controls or to provide accurate and timely financial statement information could also hurt our reputation. if we fail to comply with existing or future laws or regulations, we may be subject to governmental or judicial fines or sanctions, while incurring substantial legal fees and costs. in addition, our capital and operating
expenses could increase due to implementation of and compliance with existing and future laws and regulations or remediation measures that may be required if we are found to be noncompliant with any existing or future laws or regulations. the inability to pass through any increased expenses through higher prices would have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
damage to our reputation or loss of consumer confidence for any of these or other reasons could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition, as well as require additional resources to rebuild our reputation.
our success in international operations is dependent on our ability to manage the unique challenges presented by international markets.
the various risks we face in our u.s. operations generally also exist when conducting operations in and sourcing products and materials from outside of the u.s., as well as unique costs and difficulties of managing international operations. our expansion into international markets may be adversely affected by local laws and customs, u.s. laws applicable to foreign operations, and political and economic conditions. risks inherent in international operations also include potential adverse tax consequences, compliance with the foreign corrupt practices act and local anti-bribery law, greater difficulty in enforcing intellectual property rights, challenges to identify and gain access to local suppliers, and possibly misjudging the response of consumers in foreign countries to our product assortment and marketing strategy.
in addition, our operations in international markets are conducted primarily in the local currency of those countries, since our consolidated financial statements are denominated in u.s. dollars, amounts of assets, liabilities, net sales, and other revenues and expenses denominated in local currencies must be translated into u.s. dollars using exchange rates for the current period. as a result, foreign currency exchange rates and fluctuations in those rates may adversely impact our financial performance.
failure to protect the privacy and security of customers’, suppliers’, autozoners’ or company information could damage our reputation, subject us to litigation, and cause us to incur substantial costs.
our business, like that of most retailers and distributors, involves the receipt, storage and transmission of personal information about our customers, suppliers and autozoners, some of which is entrusted to third-party service providers and vendors. failure to protect the security of our customers’, suppliers’, employees’ and company information could subject us to costly regulatory enforcement actions, expose us to litigation and impair our reputation, which may have a negative impact on our sales. while we and our third-party service providers and vendors take significant steps to protect customer, supplier, employee and other confidential information, including maintaining compliance with payment card industry standards, these security measures may be breached in the future due to cyber-attack, employee error, fraud, trickery, hacking or other intentional or unintentional acts, and unauthorized parties may obtain access to this data. the methods used to obtain unauthorized access are constantly evolving, and may be difficult to anticipate or detect for long periods of time. as the regulatory environment related to information security, data collection and use, and privacy becomes increasingly rigorous, compliance with these requirements could also result in additional costs.
we rely extensively on our information technology systems, some of which are managed or provided by third-party service providers, to manage inventory, process transactions and summarize results. our systems and the third-party systems we rely on are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches, catastrophic events, and design or usage errors by our autozoners, contractors or third-party service providers. although we and our third-party service providers work diligently to maintain our respective systems, we may not be successful in doing so. if our systems are damaged or fail to function properly, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them, and may experience loss of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to manage inventories or process transactions, which could result in lost sales, inability to process purchase orders and/or a potential loss of customer loyalty, which could adversely affect our results of operations.
business interruptions may negatively impact our location hours, operability of our computer and other systems, availability of merchandise and otherwise have a material negative effect on our sales and our business.
war or acts of terrorism, political unrest, hurricanes, windstorms, fires, earthquakes and other natural or other disasters or the threat of any of them, may result in certain of our locations being closed for a period of time or permanently or have a negative impact on our ability to obtain merchandise available for sale in our locations. some of our merchandise is imported from other countries. if imported goods become difficult or impossible to bring into the united states, and if we cannot obtain such merchandise from other sources at similar costs, our sales and profit margins may be negatively affected.
item 7. management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations we are the nation’s leading retailer, and a leading distributor, of automotive replacement parts and accessories in the united states. we began operations in 1979 and at august 29, 2015, operated 5,141 autozone stores in the united states, including puerto rico; 441 stores in mexico; seven stores in brazil; and 20 imc branches. each autozone store carries an extensive product line for cars, sport utility vehicles, vans and light trucks, including new and remanufactured automotive hard parts, maintenance items, accessories and non-automotive products. at august 29, 2015, in 4,141 of our domestic autozone stores, we also have a commercial sales program that provides commercial credit and prompt delivery of parts and other products to local, regional and national repair garages, dealers, service stations and public sector accounts. we also have commercial programs in select autozone stores in mexico and brazil. imc branches carry an extensive line of original equipment quality import replacement parts. we also sell the alldata brand automotive diagnostic and repair software through www.alldata.com and www.alldatadiy.com. additionally, we sell automotive hard parts, maintenance items, accessories, and non-automotive products through www.autozone.com, and accessories and performance parts through www.autoanything.com, and our commercial customers can make purchases through www.autozonepro.com and www.imcparts.net. we do not derive revenue from automotive repair or installation services.
executive summary we achieved strong performance in fiscal 2015, delivering record net income of $1.160 billion, an 8.5% increase over the prior year, and sales growth of $712.0 million, a 7.5% increase over the prior year. we are pleased with the results of our retail business and the increase in our commercial business, where we continue to build our internal sales force and refine our parts assortment.
our business is impacted by various factors within the economy that affect both our consumer and our industry, including but not limited to fuel costs, unemployment rates, and other economic conditions. given the nature of these macroeconomic factors, we cannot predict whether or for how long certain trends will continue, nor can we predict to what degree these trends will impact us in the future.
one macroeconomic factor affecting our customers and our industry during fiscal 2015 was gas prices. during fiscal 2015, the average price per gallon of unleaded gasoline in the united states was $2.69 per gallon, compared to $3.48 per gallon during fiscal 2014. we believe reduced gas prices gave our customers additional disposable income. with approximately 11 billion gallons of unleaded gas consumption each month across the u.s., each $1 decrease at the pump contributes approximately $11 billion of additional spending capacity to consumers each month. given the unpredictability of gas prices, we cannot predict whether gas prices will increase or decrease, nor can we predict how any future changes in gas prices will impact our sales in future periods.
during fiscal 2015, failure and maintenance related categories represented the largest portion of our sales mix, at approximately 84% of total sales, with failure related categories continuing to be our strongest performers. while we have not experienced any fundamental shifts in our category sales mix as compared to previous years, we did experience a slight increase in mix of sales of the failure related categories. we believe the increase in failure related products is largely due to increased miles driven and favorable weather related impacts in various regions of the u.s.
our primary response to fluctuations in the demand for the products we sell is to adjust our advertising message, store staffing, and product assortment. specifically, during fiscal 2014 and 2015, we have closely studied our hub distribution model and store inventory levels and assortment and performed strategic tests on increased frequency of delivery to our stores and significantly expanding parts assortments in select stores. during fiscal 2015, we concluded our tests on these specific new concepts and have plans to continue to roll out these strategic initiatives in fiscal 2016 and beyond.
miles driven we believe that as the number of miles driven increases, consumers’ vehicles are more likely to need service and maintenance, resulting in an increase in the need for automotive hard parts and maintenance items. while over the long-term we have seen a close correlation between our net sales and the number of miles driven, we have also seen certain time frames of minimal correlation in sales performance and miles driven. during the periods of minimal correlation between net sales and miles driven, we believe net sales have been positively impacted by other factors, including the number of seven year old or older vehicles on the road. since the beginning of the fiscal year and through june 2015 (latest publicly available information), miles driven increased compared to the same period last year.
seven year old or older vehicles between 2008 and 2012, new vehicle sales were significantly lower than historical levels, which we believe contributed to an increasing number of seven year old or older vehicles on the road. we estimate vehicles are driven an average of approximately 12,500 miles each year. in seven years, the average miles driven equates to approximately 87,500 miles. our experience is that at this point in a vehicle’s life, most vehicles are not covered by warranties and increased maintenance is needed to keep the vehicle operating. according to the latest data provided by the auto care association, as of january 1, 2015, the average age of vehicles on the road is 11.5 years as compared to 11.4 years as of january 1, 2014. although the average age of vehicles continues to increase, it is increasing at a decelerated rate primarily driven by the improvement in new car sales in recent years. however, in the near term, we expect the aging vehicle population to continue to increase as consumers keep their cars longer in an effort to save money during this uncertain economy. as the number of seven year old or older vehicles on the road increases, we expect an increase in demand for the products we sell.
effective september 27, 2014, we acquired the outstanding stock of interamerican motor corporation (imc), the second largest distributor of quality import replacement parts in the united states, for $75.7 million, net of cash. imc specializes in parts coverage for european and asian cars. with this acquisition, we expect to grow our share in the aftermarket import car parts market. the results of operations from imc have been included in our auto parts locations business activities since the date of acquisition.
results of operations fiscal 2015 compared with fiscal 2014
for the fiscal year ended august 29, 2015, we reported net sales of $10.187 billion compared with $9.475 billion for the year ended august 30, 2014, a 7.5% increase from fiscal 2014. this growth was driven primarily by domestic same store sales increase of 3.8%, net sales of $185.1 million from new stores, and the inclusion of imc sales.
at august 29, 2015, we operated 5,141 domestic autozone stores, 441 stores in mexico, seven stores in brazil, and 20 imc branches compared with 4,984 domestic autozone stores, 402 stores in mexico and five stores in brazil at august 30, 2014. we reported a total auto parts (domestic, mexico, brazil, and imc) sales increase of 7.6% for fiscal 2015.
gross profit for fiscal 2015 was $5.327 billion, or 52.3% of net sales, compared with $4.935 billion, or 52.1% of net sales for fiscal 2014. the improvement in gross margin was attributable to higher merchandise margins, partially offset by the impact of the imc acquisition finalized during september 2014 (-25 basis points) and higher supply chain costs associated with current year inventory initiatives (-13 basis points).
interest expense, net for fiscal 2015 was $150.4 million compared with $167.5 million during fiscal 2014. this decrease was primarily due to a decline in borrowing rates, partially offset by higher borrowing levels over the comparable year period. average borrowings for fiscal 2015 were $4.520 billion, compared with $4.252 billion for fiscal 2014 and weighted average borrowing rates were 3.0% for fiscal 2015, compared to 3.6% for fiscal 2014.
fiscal 2014 compared with fiscal 2013
for the fiscal year ended august 30, 2014, we reported net sales of $9.475 billion compared with $9.148 billion for the year ended august 31, 2013, a 3.6% increase from fiscal 2013. this growth was driven primarily by domestic same store sales increase of 2.8% and net sales of $165.9 million comprised of sales from new stores. excluding the 53rd week in fiscal 2013, sales increased 5.6%.
at august 30, 2014, we operated 4,984 domestic autozone stores, 402 stores in mexico and five stores in brazil, compared with 4,836 domestic autozone stores, 362 stores in mexico and three stores in brazil at august 31, 2013. we reported a total auto parts (domestic, mexico, and brazil) sales increase of 3.1% for fiscal 2014. excluding the 53rd week in fiscal 2013, total auto parts sales increased 5.1%.
gross profit for fiscal 2014 was $4.935 billion, or 52.1% of net sales, compared with $4.741 billion, or 51.8% of net sales for fiscal 2013. the improvement in gross margin was attributable to lower acquisition costs and lower shrink expense, partially offset by higher supply chain costs associated with current year inventory initiatives (-17 basis points).
interest expense, net for fiscal 2014 was $167.5 million compared with $185.4 million during fiscal 2013. this decrease was primarily due to a decline in borrowing rates, partially offset by higher borrowing levels over the comparable year period. average borrowings for fiscal 2014 were $4.274 billion, compared with $3.927 billion for fiscal 2013 and weighted average borrowing rates were 3.6% for fiscal 2014, compared to 4.5% for fiscal 2013.
seasonality and quarterly periods our business is somewhat seasonal in nature, with the highest sales typically occurring in the spring and summer months of february through september, in which average weekly per-store sales historically have been about 15% to 20% higher than in the slower months of december and january. during short periods of time, a store’s sales can be affected by weather conditions. extremely hot or extremely cold weather may enhance sales by causing parts to fail; thereby increasing sales of seasonal products. mild or rainy weather tends to soften sales, as parts failure rates are lower in mild weather, with elective maintenance deferred during periods of rainy weather. over the longer term, the effects of weather balance out, as we have stores throughout the united states, puerto rico, mexico and brazil.
each of the first three quarters of our fiscal year consists of 12 weeks, and the fourth quarter consisted of 16 weeks in 2015 and 2014, and 17 weeks in 2013. because the fourth quarter contains seasonally high sales volume and consists of 16 or 17 weeks, compared with 12 weeks for each of the first three quarters, our fourth quarter represents a disproportionate share of the annual net sales and net income. the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2015 represented 32.3% of annual sales and 34.6% of net income; the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014 represented 32.2% of annual sales and 34.9% of net income; and the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013 represented 33.8% of annual sales and 36.5% of net income.
liquidity and capital resources the primary source of our liquidity is our cash flows realized through the sale of automotive parts, products and accessories. net cash provided by operating activities was $1.525 billion in 2015, $1.341 billion in fiscal 2014, and $1.415 billion in fiscal 2013. cash flows from operations are favorable to last year due to the growth in net income and the timing of income tax deductions.
our primary capital requirement has been the funding of our continued new-location development program. from the beginning of fiscal 2013 to august 29, 2015, we have opened 589 new locations. net cash flows used in investing activities were $567.9 million, compared to $448.0 million in fiscal 2014 and $527.3 million in fiscal 2013. we invested $480.6 million in capital assets in fiscal 2015, compared to $438.1 million in fiscal 2014 and $414.5 million in fiscal 2013. the increase in capital expenditures during this time was primarily attributable to the number and types of locations opened, increased investment in our existing locations, and the acquisition of imc. new location openings were 202 for fiscal 2015, 190 for fiscal 2014, and 197 for fiscal 2013. cash flows used in the acquisition of imc were $75.7 million in fiscal 2015. cash flows were also used in the purchase of other intangibles for $10 million in the same period. in fiscal 2014 cash flows were used to purchase intangibles for $11.1 million. cash flows used in the acquisition of autoanything were $116.1 million during fiscal 2013. we invest a portion of our assets held by our wholly owned insurance captive in marketable securities. we purchased $49.7 million in marketable securities in fiscal 2015, $49.7 million in fiscal 2014, and $44.5 million in fiscal 2013. we had proceeds from the sale of marketable securities of $46.4 million in fiscal 2015, $46.8 million in fiscal 2014, and $37.9 million in fiscal 2013.
net cash used in financing activities was $896.7 million in 2015, $911.6 million in fiscal 2014, and $847.0 million in fiscal 2013. the net cash used in financing activities reflected purchases of treasury stock which totaled $1.271 billion for fiscal 2015, $1.099 billion for fiscal 2014, and $1.387 billion for fiscal 2013. the treasury stock purchases in fiscal 2015, 2014 and 2013 were primarily funded by cash flows from operations, and by increases in debt levels. proceeds from issuance of debt were $650 million for fiscal 2015, $400 million for fiscal 2014, and $800 million for fiscal 2013. in fiscal 2015, the proceeds from the issuance of debt were used for the repayment of a portion of the outstanding commercial paper borrowings, which were used to repay the $500 million in 5.750% senior notes due in january 2015, and for general corporate purposes, including for working capital requirements, capital expenditures, store openings, and stock repurchases. proceeds from the issuance of debt in
fiscal 2015 were also used for the acquisition of imc. in fiscal 2014, the proceeds from the issuance of debt was used for the repayment of a portion of the $500 million senior notes due in january 2014. we used commercial paper borrowings to repay the remainder of the $500 million senior notes due in january 2014. in fiscal 2013, the proceeds from the issuance of debt were used for the repayment of a portion of commercial paper borrowings, for general corporate purposes, and the acquisition of autoanything. in fiscal 2013, we repaid our $200 million senior notes due in june 2013 and our $300 million senior notes due in october 2012 using commercial paper borrowings. in 2015 we received proceeds from the issuance of commercial paper and short-term borrowings in the amount of $153.8 million. net proceeds from the issuance of commercial paper and short-term borrowings for fiscal 2014 and 2013 were $256.8 million and $118.7 million, respectively.
during fiscal 2016, we expect to invest in our business at an increased rate as compared to fiscal 2015. our investments are expected to be directed primarily to new locations, supply chain infrastructure, enhancements to existing locations and investments in technology. the amount of our investments in our new locations is impacted by different factors, including such factors as whether the building and land are purchased (requiring higher investment) or leased (generally lower investment), located in the united states, mexico or brazil, or located in urban or rural areas. during fiscal 2015, 2014, and fiscal 2013, our capital expenditures have increased by approximately 10%, 6%, and 10%, respectively, as compared to the prior year.
in addition to the building and land costs, our new locations require working capital, predominantly for inventories. historically, we have negotiated extended payment terms from suppliers, reducing the working capital required and resulting in a high accounts payable to inventory ratio. during fiscal 2013, 2014, and 2015, we initiated a variety of strategic tests focused on increasing inventory availability, which increased our inventory per location. many of our vendors have supported our initiative to update our product assortments by providing extended payment terms. these extended payment terms have allowed us to continue our high accounts payable to inventory ratio. we had an accounts payable to inventory ratio of 112.9% at august 29, 2015, 114.9% at august 30, 2014, and 115.6% at august 31, 2013. the decrease from fiscal 2014 to fiscal 2015 was driven by the inclusion of imc. we plan to continue leveraging our inventory purchases; however, our ability to do so may be limited by our vendors’ capacity to factor their receivables from us. certain vendors participate in financing arrangements with financial institutions whereby they factor their receivables from us, allowing them to receive payment on our invoices at a discounted rate.
depending on the timing and magnitude of our future investments (either in the form of leased or purchased properties or acquisitions), we anticipate that we will rely primarily on internally generated funds and available borrowing capacity to support a majority of our capital expenditures, working capital requirements and stock repurchases. the balance may be funded through new borrowings. we anticipate that we will be able to obtain such financing in view of our credit ratings and favorable experiences in the debt markets in the past.
our cash balances are held in various locations around the world. as of august 29, 2015, and august 30, 2014, cash and cash equivalents of $64.9 million and $19.3 million, respectively, were held outside of the u.s. and were generally utilized to support liquidity needs in our foreign operations. we intend to continue to permanently reinvest the cash held outside of the u.s. in our foreign operations.
for the fiscal year ended august 29, 2015, our after-tax return on invested capital (“roic”) was 31.2% as compared to 32.1% for the comparable prior year period. roic is calculated as after-tax operating profit (excluding rent charges) divided by average invested capital (which includes a factor to capitalize operating leases). the decrease in roic is primarily due to the increase in average debt, along with the impact of recent investments in the business. the return on these investments is currently diluting our operating margins. we use roic to evaluate whether we are effectively using our capital resources and believe it is an important indicator of our overall operating performance.
debt facilities on december 19, 2014, we amended and restated our existing revolving credit facility (the “multi-year credit agreement”) by increasing the amount of capital leases allowable to $225 million, extending the expiration date by two years and renegotiating other terms and conditions. this credit facility is available to primarily support commercial paper borrowings, letters of credit and other short-term unsecured bank loans. the capacity of the credit facility is $1.25 billion and may be increased to $1.5 billion prior to the maturity date at our election and subject to bank credit capacity and approval, may include up to $200 million in letters of credit and may include up to $225 million in capital leases each fiscal year. under the revolving credit facility, we may borrow funds consisting of eurodollar loans or base rate loans. interest accrues on eurodollar loans at a defined eurodollar rate, defined as libor plus the applicable percentage, as defined in the revolving credit facility, depending upon our senior, unsecured, (non-credit enhanced) long-term debt rating. interest accrues on base rate loans as defined in the credit facility. we also have the option to borrow funds under the terms of a swingline loan subfacility. the revolving credit facility expires in december 2019.
on december 19, 2014, we entered into a new revolving credit facility (the “364-day credit agreement”). the credit facility is available to primarily support commercial paper borrowings and other short-term unsecured bank loans. the 364-day credit agreement provides for loans in the principal amount of up to $500 million. under the credit facility, we may borrow funds consisting of eurodollar loans, base rate loans, or a combination of both. interest accrues on eurodollar loans at a defined eurodollar rate, defined as libor plus the applicable margin, as defined in the revolving credit facility, depending upon our senior, unsecured, (non-credit enhanced) long-term debt rating. interest accrues on base rate loans as defined in the credit facility. this credit facility expires on december 19, 2015, but we may request an extension of the termination date for 364 days no later than 45 days prior to december 19, 2015, subject to bank approval. in addition, we have the right to convert to a term-loan, at least 15 days prior to december 19, 2015, up to one year from the termination date, subject to a 1% penalty.
as of august 29, 2015, we had no outstanding borrowings under each of the revolving credit facilities and $3.5 million of outstanding letters of credit under the multi-year credit agreement.
the revolving credit facility agreement requires that our consolidated interest coverage ratio as of the last day of each quarter shall be no less than 2.50:1. this ratio is defined as the ratio of (i) consolidated earnings before interest, taxes and rents to (ii) consolidated interest expense plus consolidated rents. our consolidated interest coverage ratio as of august 29, 2015 was 5.3:1.
as of august 29, 2015, $1.048 billion of commercial paper borrowings, the $300 million 5.500% senior notes due november 2015, and the $200 million 6.950% notes due june 2016 are classified as long-term in the consolidated balance sheets as we have the ability and intent to refinance on a long-term basis through available capacity in our revolving credit facilities. as of august 29, 2015, we had $1.711 billion of availability under our $1.750 billion revolving credit facilities, which would allow us to replace these short-term obligations with long-term financing.
in addition to the revolving credit facilities, we also maintain a letter of credit facility that allows us to request the participating bank to issue letters of credit on our behalf up to an aggregate amount of $100 million. as of august 29, 2015, we had $82.0 million in letters of credit outstanding under the letter of credit facility, which expires in june 2016.
in addition to the outstanding letters of credit issued under the committed facilities discussed above, we had $21.2 million in letters of credit outstanding as of august 29, 2015. these letters of credit have various maturity dates and were issued on an uncommitted basis.
on april 29, 2015, we issued $400 million in 3.250% notes due april 2025 and $250 million in 2.500% notes due april 2021 under our shelf registration statement filed with the sec on april 15, 2015 (the “new shelf registration”). the new shelf registration allows us to sell an indeterminate amount in debt securities to fund general corporate purposes, including repaying, redeeming or repurchasing outstanding debt and for working capital, capital expenditures, new location openings, stock repurchases and acquisitions. proceeds from the debt issuances were used to repay a portion of the outstanding commercial paper borrowings, which were used to repay the $500 million in 5.750% senior notes due in january 2015, and for general corporate purposes.
on january 14, 2014, we issued $400 million in 1.300% notes due january 2017 under our shelf registration statement filed with the sec on april 17, 2012 (the “shelf registration”). proceeds from the debt issuance on january 14, 2014, were used to repay a portion of the $500 million in 6.500% senior notes due january 2014. we used commercial paper borrowings to repay the remainder of the 6.500% senior notes.
on april 29, 2013, we issued $500 million in 3.125% senior notes due july 2023 under its shelf registration. proceeds from the debt issuance on april 29, 2013, were used to repay a portion of the outstanding commercial paper borrowings, which were used to repay the $200 million in 4.375% senior notes due june 2013, and for general corporate purposes.
the 5.750% senior notes issued in july 2009 and the 7.125% senior notes issued during august 2008 (collectively, the “notes”), are subject to an interest rate adjustment if the debt ratings assigned to the notes are downgraded. further, all senior notes issued since august 2008 contain a provision that repayment of the notes may be accelerated if we experience a change in control (as defined in the agreements). our borrowings under our other senior notes contain minimal covenants, primarily restrictions on liens. under our revolving credit facility, covenants include limitations on total indebtedness, restrictions on liens, a maximum debt to earnings ratio, and a change of control provision that may require acceleration of the repayment obligations under certain circumstances. these covenants are in addition to the consolidated interest coverage ratio discussed above. all of the repayment obligations under our borrowing arrangements may be accelerated and come due prior to the scheduled payment date if covenants are breached or an event of default occurs.
as of august 29, 2015, we were in compliance with all covenants related to our borrowing arrangements and expect to remain in compliance with those covenants in the future.
for the fiscal year ended august 29, 2015, our adjusted debt to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, rent and share-based compensation expense (“ebitdar”) ratio was 2.5:1 as compared to 2.5:1 as of the comparable prior year end. we calculate adjusted debt as the sum of total debt, capital lease obligations and rent times six; and we calculate ebitdar by adding interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, rent and share-based compensation expense to net income. we target our debt levels to a ratio of adjusted debt to ebitdar in order to maintain our investment grade credit ratings. we believe this is important information for the management of our debt levels.
stock repurchases during 1998, we announced a program permitting us to repurchase a portion of our outstanding shares not to exceed a dollar maximum established by our board of directors (the “board”). on march 24, 2015, the board voted to increase the authorization by $750 million to raise the cumulative share repurchase authorization from $14.9 billion to $15.65 billion. from january 1998 to august 29, 2015, we have repurchased a total of 138.9 million shares at an aggregate cost of $15.302 billion. we repurchased 2.0 million shares of common stock at an aggregate cost of $1.271 billion during fiscal 2015, 2.2 million shares of common stock at an aggregate cost of $1.099 billion during fiscal 2014, and 3.5 million shares of common stock at an aggregate cost of $1.387 billion during fiscal 2013. considering cumulative repurchases as of august 29, 2015, we have $347.8 million remaining under the board of director’s authorization to repurchase our common stock.
on october 7, 2015, the board voted to increase the authorization by $750 million to raise the cumulative share repurchase authorization from $15.65 billion to $16.4 billion. subsequent to august 29, 2015, we have repurchased 356,993 shares of common stock at an aggregate cost of $259.9 million. considering the cumulative repurchases and the increase in authorization subsequent to august 29, 2015, we have $837.9 million remaining under the board’s authorization to repurchase its common stock.
financial commitments the following table shows our significant contractual obligations as of august 29, 2015:
capital leases(4)                      131,570            40,528                    69,120                     21,922                         —
construction commitments                31,792            31,792                         —                          —                         —
(1)   debt balances represent principal maturities, excluding interest, discounts, and debt issuance costs.
(3)   operating lease obligations are inclusive of amounts accrued within deferred rent and closed store obligations reflected in our consolidated balance sheets.
(4)   capital lease obligations include related interest.
(5)   self-insurance reserves reflect estimates based on actuarial calculations. although these obligations do not have scheduled maturities, the timing of future payments are predictable based upon historical patterns.
we have pension obligations reflected in our consolidated balance sheets that are not reflected in the table above due to the absence of scheduled maturities and the nature of the account. during fiscal 2015, we made contributions of $17.1 million to the pension plan. we expect to make contributions of approximately $6.3 million during fiscal 2016; however a change to the expected cash funding may be impacted by a change in interest rates or a change in the actual or expected return on plan assets.
as of august 29, 2015, our defined benefit obligation associated with our pension plans is $296.1 million and our pension assets are valued at $238.8 million, resulting in a net pension obligation of $57.4 million. amounts recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss are $116.7 million at august 29, 2015. the balance in accumulated other comprehensive loss will be amortized into pension expense in the future, unless the losses are recovered in future periods through actuarial gains.
additionally, our tax liability for uncertain tax positions, including interest and penalties, was $28.5 million at august 29, 2015. approximately $1.9 million is classified as current liabilities and $26.6 million is classified as long-term liabilities. we did not reflect these obligations in the table above as we are unable to make an estimate of the timing of payments of the long-term liabilities due to uncertainties in the timing and amounts of the settlement of these tax positions.
off-balance sheet arrangements the following table reflects outstanding letters of credit and surety bonds as of august 29, 2015:
(in thousands)                       total other commitments standby letters of credit         $106,731
a substantial portion of the outstanding standby letters of credit (which are primarily renewed on an annual basis) and surety bonds are used to cover reimbursement obligations to our workers’ compensation carriers. there are no additional contingent liabilities associated with these instruments as the underlying liabilities are already reflected in our consolidated balance sheets. the standby letters of credit and surety bond arrangements expire within one year, but have automatic renewal clauses.
“selected financial data” and “management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations” include certain financial measures not derived in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (“gaap”). these non-gaap financial measures provide additional information for determining our optimum capital structure and are used to assist management in evaluating performance and in making appropriate business decisions to maximize stockholders’ value.
non-gaap financial measures should not be used as a substitute for gaap financial measures, or considered in isolation, for the purpose of analyzing our operating performance, financial position or cash flows. however, we have presented the non-gaap financial measures, as we believe they provide additional information that is useful to investors as it indicates more clearly our comparative year-to-year operating results. furthermore, our management and compensation committee of the board use the above-mentioned non-gaap financial measures to analyze and compare our underlying operating results and use select measurements to determine payments of performance-based compensation. we have included a reconciliation of this information to the most comparable gaap measures in the following reconciliation tables.
reconciliation of non-gaap financial measure: after-tax return on invested capital (“roic”)
the following table calculates the percentage of roic. roic is calculated as after-tax operating profit (excluding rent) divided by average invested capital (which includes a factor to capitalize operating leases). the roic percentages are presented in “selected financial data” and “management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations”:
average (deficit)(4)                               (1,619,596   )               (1,709,778   )               (1,581,832   )               (1,372,342   )                (993,624   )
average capital lease obligations(6)                  126,096                      108,475                      102,729                       96,027                      84,966
pre-tax invested capital                           $4,581,362                   $4,180,371                   $3,929,912                   $3,592,859                  $3,479,128
(4)   average equity is equal to the average of our stockholders’ (deficit) measured as of the previous five quarters.
(5)   rent is multiplied by a factor of six to capitalize operating leases in the determination of pre-tax invested capital.
(6)   average capital lease obligations is computed as the average of our capital lease obligations over the previous five quarters.
the following table summarizes the impact of the additional week to the 53 week fiscal year ended august 31, 2013.
gross profit                                               4,740,935        51.8   %           (92,441   )           4,648,494        51.8   %
operating profit                                           1,773,098        19.4   %           (39,836   )           1,733,262        19.3   %
reconciliation of non-gaap financial measure: adjusted debt to ebitdar the following table calculates the ratio of adjusted debt to ebitdar. adjusted debt to ebitdar is calculated as the sum of total debt, capital lease obligations and annual rents times six; divided by net income plus interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, rent and share-based compensation expense. the adjusted debt to ebitdar ratios are presented in “selected financial data” and “management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations”:
ebit                                        1,953,051                   1,830,223                   1,773,098                   1,628,891                   1,494,803
ebitdar                                    $2,533,423                  $2,374,693                  $2,283,996                  $2,103,502                  $1,931,483
capital lease obligations                     128,167                     119,603                     106,171                     102,256                      86,656
adjusted debt to ebitdar                          2.5                         2.5                         2.5                         2.5                         2.4
critical accounting policies and estimates preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions affecting the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period and related disclosures of contingent liabilities. in the notes to our consolidated financial statements, we describe our significant accounting policies used in preparing the consolidated financial statements. our policies are evaluated on an ongoing basis and are drawn from historical experience and other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. actual results could differ under different assumptions or conditions. our senior management has identified the critical accounting policies for the areas that are materially impacted by estimates and assumptions and have discussed such policies with the audit committee of our board. the following items in our consolidated financial statements represent our critical accounting policies that require significant estimation or judgment by management:
inventory reserves and cost of sales lifo we state our inventories at the lower of cost or market using the last-in, first-out (“lifo”) method for domestic merchandise and the first-in, first out (“fifo”) method for mexico and brazil inventories. due to price deflation on our merchandise purchases, our domestic inventory balances are effectively maintained under the fifo method. we do not write up inventory for favorable lifo adjustments, and due to price deflation, lifo costs of our domestic inventories exceed replacement costs by $332.6 million at august 29, 2015, calculated using the dollar value method.
inventory obsolescence and shrinkage our inventory, primarily hard parts, maintenance items, accessories and non-automotive products, is used on vehicles that have rather long lives; and therefore, the risk of obsolescence is minimal and the majority of excess inventory has historically been returned to our vendors for credit. in the isolated instances where less than full credit will be received for such returns and where we anticipate that items will be sold at retail prices that are less than recorded costs, we record a charge (less than $3 million in each of the last three years) through cost of sales for the difference. these charges are based on management’s judgment, including estimates and assumptions regarding marketability of products and the market value of inventory to be sold in future periods.
historically, we have not encountered material exposure to inventory obsolescence or excess inventory, nor have we experienced material changes to our estimates. however, we may be exposed to material losses should our vendors alter their policy with regard to accepting excess inventory returns.
additionally, we reduce inventory for projected losses related to shrinkage, which is estimated based on historical losses and current inventory loss trends resulting from previous physical inventories. shrinkage may occur due to theft, loss or inaccurate records for the receipt of goods, among other things. throughout the year, we take physical inventory counts of our stores and distribution centers to verify these estimates. we make assumptions regarding upcoming physical inventory counts that may differ from actual results. over the last three years, there has been less than a 50 basis point fluctuation in our shrinkage rate.
based on our vendor agreements, a significant portion of vendor funding we receive is earned as we purchase inventory. therefore, we record receivables for funding earned but not yet received as we purchase inventory. during the year, we regularly review the receivables from vendors to ensure vendors are able to meet their obligations. we generally have not recorded a reserve against these receivables as we have not experienced significant losses and have legal right of offset with our vendors for payments owed them. historically, we have had write-offs less than $150 thousand in each of the last three years.
goodwill and intangibles we evaluate goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles for impairment annually in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying values exceed the current fair values. we evaluate the likelihood of impairment by considering qualitative factors, such as macroeconomic, industry, market, or any other factors that could impact the reporting unit’s fair value. if these factors indicate impairment, we perform a quantitative assessment to determine if the carrying value exceeds the fair value. goodwill is evaluated at the reporting unit level and involves valuation methods including forecasting future financial performance, estimates of discount rates, and other factors. if the carrying value of the reporting unit’s goodwill exceeds the fair value, we recognize an impairment loss.
indefinite-lived intangibles are evaluated by comparing the carrying amount of the asset to the future discounted cash flows that the asset is expected to generate. if the carrying value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset
the carrying value of goodwill at august 29, 2015 and august 30, 2014 was $391.9 million and $367.8 million, respectively. during fiscal fourth quarter of 2013, we recorded an $18.3 million goodwill impairment charge in our other business activities related to the goodwill of autoanything and a $4.1 million impairment charge to autoanything’s trade name. the $4.1 million impairment charge resulted in a remaining carrying value of $24.6 million at august 31, 2013. we also determined autoanything was not likely to achieve the operating income targets necessary to earn the contingent consideration. therefore, these impairment charges were offset by an adjustment of $23.3 million to the contingent consideration liability to reflect its fair value at august 31, 2013. no impairment charges were recognized in our other business activities in fiscal 2014 and fiscal 2015. no impairment charges were recognized in the auto parts stores reporting segment during fiscal 2015 or in previous fiscal years.
self-insurance reserves we retain a significant portion of the risks associated with workers’ compensation, employee health, general and products liability, property and vehicle liability; and we obtain third party insurance to limit the exposure related to certain of these risks. our self-insurance reserve estimates totaled $205.3 million at august 29, 2015, and $195.1 million at august 30, 2014. this change is primarily reflective of our growing operations, including inflation, increases in health care costs, the number of vehicles and the number of hours worked, as well as our historical claims experience.
the assumptions made by management in estimating our self-insurance reserves include consideration of historical cost experience, judgments about the present and expected levels of cost per claim and retention levels. we utilize various methods, including analyses of historical trends and actuarial methods, to estimate the cost to settle reported claims, and claims incurred but not yet reported. the actuarial methods develop estimates of the future ultimate claim costs based on the claims incurred as of the balance sheet date. when estimating these liabilities, we consider factors, such as the severity, duration and frequency of claims, legal costs associated with claims, healthcare trends, and projected inflation of related factors. in recent history, our methods for determining our exposure have remained consistent, and our historical trends have been appropriately factored into our reserve estimates. as we obtain additional information and refine our methods regarding the assumptions and estimates we use to recognize liabilities incurred, we will adjust our reserves accordingly.
management believes that the various assumptions developed and actuarial methods used to determine our self- insurance reserves are reasonable and provide meaningful data and information that management uses to make its best estimate of our exposure to these risks. arriving at these estimates, however, requires a significant amount of subjective judgment by management, and as a result these estimates are uncertain and our actual exposure may be different from our estimates. for example, changes in our assumptions about health care costs, the severity of accidents and the incidence of illness, the average size of claims and other factors could cause actual claim costs to vary materially from our assumptions and estimates, causing our reserves to be overstated or understated. for instance, a 10% change in our self-insurance liability would have affected net income by approximately $13.2 million for fiscal 2015.
our liabilities for workers’ compensation, certain general and product liability, property and vehicle claims do not have scheduled maturities; however, the timing of future payments is predictable based on historical patterns and is relied upon in determining the current portion of these liabilities. accordingly, we reflect the net present value of the obligations we determine to be long-term using the risk-free interest rate as of the balance sheet date. if the discount rate used to calculate the present value of these reserves changed by 50 basis points, net income would have been affected by approximately $2.0 million for fiscal 2015. our liability for health benefits is classified as current, as the historical average duration of claims is approximately six weeks.
income taxes our income tax returns are audited by state, federal and foreign tax authorities, and we are typically engaged in various tax examinations at any given time. tax contingencies often arise due to uncertainty or differing
interpretations of the application of tax rules throughout the various jurisdictions in which we operate. the contingencies are influenced by items such as tax audits, changes in tax laws, litigation, appeals and prior experience with similar tax positions. we regularly review our tax reserves for these items and assess the adequacy of the amount we have recorded. as of august 29, 2015, we had approximately $28.5 million reserved for uncertain tax positions.
we evaluate potential exposures associated with our various tax filings by estimating a liability for uncertain tax positions based on a two-step process. the first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on audit, including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if any. the second step requires us to estimate and measure the tax benefit as the largest amount that is more than 50% likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement.
we believe our estimates to be reasonable and have not experienced material adjustments to our reserves in the previous three years; however, actual results could differ from our estimates, and we may be exposed to gains or losses that could be material. specifically, management has used judgment and made assumptions to estimate the likely outcome of uncertain tax positions. additionally, to the extent we prevail in matters for which a liability has been established, or must pay in excess of recognized reserves, our effective tax rate in any particular period could be materially affected.
pension obligation prior to january 1, 2003, substantially all full-time employees were covered by a qualified defined benefit pension plan. the benefits under the plan were based on years of service and the employee’s highest consecutive five-year average compensation. on january 1, 2003, the plan was frozen. accordingly, pension plan participants will earn no new benefits under the plan formula and no new participants will join the pension plan. on january 1, 2003, our supplemental, unqualified defined benefit pension plan for certain highly compensated employees was also frozen. accordingly, plan participants will earn no new benefits under the plan formula and no new participants will join the pension plan. as the plan benefits are frozen, the annual pension expense and recorded liabilities are not impacted by increases in future compensation levels, but are impacted by the use of two key assumptions in the calculation of these balances:
expected long-term rate of return on plan assets: for the fiscal year ended august 29, 2015, we have assumed a 7.0% long-term rate of return on our plan assets. this estimate is a judgmental matter in which management considers the composition of our asset portfolio, our historical long-term investment performance and current market conditions. we review the expected long-term rate of return on an annual basis, and revise it accordingly. additionally, we monitor the mix of investments in our portfolio to ensure alignment with our long-term strategy to manage pension cost and reduce volatility in our assets. in august 2014, our investment committee approved a revised asset allocation target for the investments held by the pension plan. based on the revised asset allocation target, the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets changed from 7.5% for the year ended august 30, 2014, to 7.0% for the year ended august 29, 2015. at august 29, 2015, our plan assets totaled $238.8 million in our qualified plan. our assets are generally valued using the net asset values, which are determined by valuing investments at the closing price or last trade reported on the major market on which the individual securities are traded. we have no assets in our nonqualified plan. a 50 basis point change in our expected long term rate of return would impact annual pension expense by approximately $1.2 million for the qualified plan.
discount rate used to determine benefit obligations: this rate is highly sensitive and is adjusted annually based on the interest rate for long-term, high-quality, corporate bonds as of the measurement date using yields for maturities that are in line with the duration of our pension liabilities. this same discount rate is also used to determine pension expense for the following plan year. for fiscal 2015, we assumed a discount rate of 4.5%. a decrease in the discount rate increases our projected benefit obligation and pension expense. a 50 basis point change in the discount rate at august 29, 2015 would impact annual pension expense/income by approximately $1.9 million for the qualified plan and $30 thousand for the nonqualified plan.