item 1a.   risk factors
the following risks and uncertainties, as well as other factors described elsewhere in this annual report or in other filings by the company with the commission, could materially adversely affect the company's business, results of operations and financial condition:
·   unfavorable economic conditions could adversely affect demand for the company's products.
unfavorable and uncertain economic conditions have adversely affected, and in the future may adversely affect, demand for some of the categories of products the company sells, resulting in reduced sales volume or market share or a shift in its product mix from higher margin to lower margin products. factors that can affect demand include competitors' products, advertising and pricing actions, rates of unemployment, consumer confidence, health care costs, fuel and other energy costs and other economic factors affecting consumer spending behavior, including delays in the timing of tax refunds from the federal government, gasoline and home heating oil pricing, reduced unemployment benefits in periods of high unemployment and tax increases. while the vast majority of the company's products generally are consumer staples that should be less vulnerable to decreases in discretionary spending than other products, they may become subject to increasing price competition. moreover, some of the company's products, such as laundry additives, gummy dietary supplements and battery-operated toothbrushes, are more likely to be affected by consumer decisions to control spending.
some of the company's customers, including mass merchandisers, supermarkets, drugstores, convenience stores, wholesale clubs, home stores, and dollar, pet and other specialty stores, have experienced and may experience in the future declining financial performance, which could affect their ability to pay amounts due to the company on a timely basis or at all. the company regularly reviews the financial strength of its key customers and, where appropriate, modifies customer credit limits, which may have an adverse impact on future sales. because the same economic conditions that affect the company also affect many of the company's suppliers, the company regularly conducts a similar review of its suppliers to assess both their financial viability and the importance of their products to the company's operations. when appropriate, the company identifies alternate sources of materials and services. to date, the company has not experienced a material adverse impact from economic conditions affecting its customers or suppliers. however, a protracted economic downturn that adversely affects the company's suppliers and customers could adversely affect its sales and results of operations.
·   the company faces intense competition in its markets, and the failure to compete effectively could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations.
the company faces intense competition from consumer products companies, both in the u.s. and in international markets. most of the company's products compete with other widely-advertised brands within each product category and with private label brands and generic non-branded products of its customers in certain categories, which typically are sold at lower prices.
the company's products generally compete on the basis of performance, brand recognition, price, value or other benefits to consumers. consumer products are subject to significant price competition. as a result, the company may need to reduce the prices for some of its products, or increase prices by an amount that does not cover manufacturing cost increases, to respond to competitive and customer pressures and to maintain market share. any reduction in prices, or inability to raise prices sufficiently to cover manufacturing cost increases, would harm profit margins. in addition, if the company's sales volumes fail to grow sufficiently to offset any reduction in margins, its sales growth and other results of operations would suffer.
advertising, promotion, merchandising and packaging also have a significant impact on retail customer decisions regarding the brands and product lines they sell and on consumer purchasing decisions. a newly introduced consumer product (whether improved or newly developed) usually encounters intense competition requiring substantial expenditures for advertising, sales promotion and trade merchandising. if a product gains consumer acceptance, it normally requires continued advertising, promotional support and product improvements to maintain its relative market position. if the company's advertising, marketing and promotional programs are not effective, its sales growth may decline.
many of the company's competitors are large companies, including p&g, the sun products corporation, the clorox company, colgate-palmolive company, henkel, reckitt benckiser group plc, johnson & johnson, nestle purina petcare company, ansell limited, alere inc., pfizer inc., bayer ag, s.c. johnson & son, inc., pharmavite llc and nbty, inc. many of these companies have greater financial resources than does the company, and, therefore, have the capacity to outspend the company on advertising and promotional activities and introduce competing products more quickly and respond more effectively to changing business and economic conditions than can the company. in addition, the company's competitors may attempt to gain market share by offering products at prices at or below those typically offered by it. competitive activity may require the company to increase its spending on advertising and promotions and/or reduce prices, which could lead to reduced profits and adversely affect growth. if the company loses market share or the markets in which it competes do not grow substantially, its sales growth will decline.
·since the introduction in the u.s. of unit dose laundry detergent by various manufacturers, including the company, there has been significant product and price competition in the laundry detergent category.  for example p&g markets a lower-priced line of laundry detergents that competes directly with the company's core value laundry detergents and henkel has entered the u.s. market with persil, its leading worldwide premium laundry detergent.  while it is too early to assess what impact this will have on the premium laundry category or the company's laundry detergent business, the introduction of persil could precipitate greater price competition in the category and distribution pressure with a potential adverse impact on oxiclean laundry detergent.  while the category grew 1.6% in 2015 after experiencing declines in 2013 and 2014, there is no assurance the category will not decline in the future and that the company will be able to offset any such decline.
·   loss of any of its principal customers could significantly decrease the company's sales and profitability.
a limited number of customers account for a large percentage of the company's net sales.  wal-mart is the company's largest customer, accounting for approximately 24% of net sales in 2015, 25% of net sales in 2014 and 24% of net sales in 2013.  the company's top three customers accounted for approximately 35% of net sales in 2015, 36% of net sales in 2014 and 35% of net sales in 2013.  the company expects that a significant portion of its net sales will continue to be derived from a small number of customers and that these percentages may increase if the growth of mass merchandisers continues.  as a result, changes in the strategies of wal-mart or any of the company's other largest customers, including a reduction in the number of brands they carry or of shelf space they dedicate to private label products, could materially harm the company's net sales and profitability.  in addition, if the company were to lose a significant customer due to customer service levels or real or perceived product quality or appearance issues, this could also have a material adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition and results of operations.
in addition, the company's business is based primarily upon individual sales orders as it rarely enters into long-term contracts with its customers and most customer agreements include customer termination rights after short notice. accordingly, these customers could reduce their purchasing levels or cease buying products from the company at any time and for any reason. if the company loses a significant customer or if sales of its products to a significant customer materially decrease, it could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition and results of operations.
·   changes in the policies of the company's retailer customers and increasing dependence on key retailer customers in developed markets may adversely affect its business.
in recent years, the company has seen increasing retailer consolidation both in the u.s. and internationally. this trend has resulted in the increased size and influence of large consolidated retailer customers, who may demand lower pricing, special packaging or impose other requirements on the company. these business demands may relate to inventory practices, logistics or other aspects of the customer-supplier relationship. some of the company's customers, particularly its high-volume retail store customers, have sought to obtain pricing concessions or better trade terms. to the extent the company provides concessions or better trade terms to those customers, its margins are reduced. further, if the company is unable to effectively respond to the demands of its customers, these customers could reduce their purchases of company products and increase their purchases of products from competitors, which would harm the company's sales and profitability. in addition, reductions in inventory by the company's customers, including as a result of consolidations in the retail industry, or these customers managing their working capital requirements, could result in reduced orders for company products and adversely affect its results of operations for the financial periods affected by the reductions.
protracted unfavorable market conditions have caused many of the company's customers to more critically analyze the number of brands they sell, and reduce or discontinue certain of the company's product lines, particularly those products that were not number one or two in their category. if this continues to occur and the company is unable to improve distribution for those products at other customers, its results could be adversely affected.
in addition, private label products sold by retail trade chains are typically sold at lower prices than branded products. as consumers look for opportunities to decrease discretionary spending, the company's customers have discontinued or reduced distribution of some of its products to encourage those consumers to purchase the customers' less expensive private label products (primarily in the dietary supplements, diagnostic kits and oral analgesics categories). to the extent customers discontinue or reduce distribution of the company's products or these products are adversely affected by customers' actions to increase shelf space for their private label products, the company would seek to improve distribution with other customers. however, if the company's efforts are not effective, its sales growth and other results, as well as its market share, could be adversely affected.
·   a continued shift in the retail market from food and drug stores to club stores, dollar stores and mass merchandisers, and internet-based retailers could cause the company's sales to decline.
the company's performance depends upon the general health of the economy and of the retail environment in particular, and could be significantly harmed by changes affecting retailing and the financial difficulties of the company's retailer customers. consumer products, such as those marketed by the company, are increasingly being sold by club stores, dollar stores, mass merchandisers and internet-based retailers. sales of the company's products remain strongest in the traditional mass merchandiser, food and drug retail stores, and the company's products are also being sold in club stores and dollar stores channels. although the company has taken steps to improve, and has seen improvement in, sales to club stores, dollar stores and internet-based retailers, if the current trend continues and the company is not successful in further improving sales to these channels, its financial condition and operating results could suffer.
·   market category declines and changes to the company's product and geographic mix may impact the achievement of the company's sales growth targets, planned pricing and financial results.
a significant percentage of the company's revenues come from mature markets that are subject to high levels of competition.  during 2015, approximately 83% of the company's sales were generated in u.s. markets.  u.s. markets for consumer products are considered mature and commonly characterized by high household penetration, particularly with respect to the company's most significant product categories, such as laundry detergents, deodorizers, household cleaning products, toothpastes, dietary supplements, antiperspirants and deodorants. the company's ability to achieve unit sales growth in domestic markets will depend on increased use of its products by consumers relative to competitors' products, its ability to drive growth through product innovation in existing and new product categories, investment in its established brands and enhanced merchandising and its ability to capture market share from its competitors. if the company is unable to increase market share in existing product lines, develop product improvements, undertake sales, marketing and advertising initiatives that expand its product categories and develop, acquire or successfully launch new products, it may not achieve its sales growth objectives. even if the company is successful in increasing sales within its product categories, a continuing or accelerating decline in the overall markets for the company's products could have a negative impact on its financial results.
·   cost overruns and delays, regulatory requirements, and miscalculations in capacity needs with respect to the company's expansion projects and manufacturing facilities could adversely affect its business.
the company initiates expansion projects from time to time. the company expanded its gummy dietary supplements production capacity at its york, pennsylvania manufacturing facility to meet expected future product demand. the new gummy dietary supplements line started production in the second quarter of 2015. projects of this type are subject to risks of delay or cost overruns inherent in any large construction project resulting from numerous factors, including the following: shortages of equipment, materials or skilled labor; work stoppages; unscheduled delays in the delivery of ordered materials and equipment; unanticipated cost increases; difficulties in obtaining necessary permits or in meeting permit conditions; difficulties in meeting regulatory or quality requirements or obtaining regulatory approvals; availability of suppliers to certify equipment for existing and enhanced regulations; design and engineering problems; and failure or delay of third party service providers, civil unrest and labor disputes. significant cost overruns or delays in completing a project, or the miscalculations of our anticipated capacity needs could have a material adverse effect on the company's return on investment, results of operations and cash flows. in the second quarter of 2015, delays in the company's start-up of the new vitamin manufacturing facility resulted in the need to place certain retailers on allocation, which contributed to increased retailer frustration.  by the end of the year, these issues were mainly resolved.  however, if the company were to experience similar issues in the future and lose a significant customer or customers, or if sales of any of its products were to materially decrease due to customer service levels or real or perceived product quality or appearance issues, this could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition and results of operations.
additionally, the supply of the company's products depends on the uninterrupted efficient operation of its manufacturing facilities and ability to meet customer service levels. many of the company's manufacturing processes are complex and present difficult technical challenges to obtain the manufacturing yields necessary to operate profitably. in addition, the company's manufacturing processes may require complex and specialized equipment which can be expensive to repair or replace with required lead times of up to a year.
the manufacturing of certain of the company's products is concentrated in one or more of its plants or contract manufacturers, with limited alternate facilities. any event that negatively impacts manufacturing facilities, manufacturing systems or equipment, or contract manufacturers or suppliers could delay or suspend shipments of products or the release of new products or could result in the delivery of inferior products. the company's revenues from the affected products would decline and it could incur losses until such time as the company or its contract manufacturers are able to restore production processes or are able to put in place alternative contract manufacturers or suppliers.
·   the company's reliance on a limited number of suppliers, including sole source suppliers for certain products, could materially and adversely affect its operations and financial results.
the company relies on a limited number of suppliers for certain of its commodities and raw materials, including sole source suppliers for certain of its raw materials, packaging, product components, finished products and other necessary supplies. new suppliers may have to be qualified under governmental, industry and company standards, which can require additional investment and time. the company may be unable to qualify any needed new suppliers or maintain supplier arrangements and relationships; it may be unable to contract with suppliers at the quantity, quality and price levels needed for its business; or certain of the company's key suppliers may become insolvent or experience other financial distress. if any of these events occurs and the company has failed to identify and qualify an alternative vendor, then it may be unable to meet its contractual obligations and customer expectations, which could damage its reputation and result in lost customers and sales, or the company may incur higher than expected expenses, either of which could materially and adversely affect its business, operations and results of operations.
·   volatility and increases in the price of raw and packaging materials or energy costs could erode the company's profit margins, which could harm operating results, and efforts to hedge against raw material price increases may adversely affect the company's operating results if raw material prices decline.
the principal raw materials and packaging used by the company include surfactants (cleaning agents), paper products and resin-based molded components. volatility and increases in the price of raw materials, or increases in the costs of energy, shipping and other necessary services, could significantly affect the company's profit margins if it is unable to pass along any higher costs in the form of price increases or otherwise achieve cost efficiencies, such as in manufacturing and distribution. historically, the company has attempted to address such price increases through cost reduction programs and price increases of its products, entering into pre-buying or locked-in pricing arrangements with certain suppliers and entering into hedge agreements. there is no assurance, however, that the company will be able to fully offset any price increases, especially given the competitive environment. in addition, volatility in certain commodity markets could significantly affect the company's production cost and, therefore, harm its financial condition and operating results.
the company uses hedge agreements to mitigate the volatility of diesel fuel prices. the hedge agreements are designed to add stability to product costs, enabling the company to make pricing decisions and lessen the economic impact of abrupt changes in prices over the term of the contract. however, in periods of declining fuel prices, the hedge agreements can have the effect of locking the company in at above-market prices.
·   if new products and product line extensions do not gain widespread customer acceptance or are otherwise discontinued, or if they cause sales of existing products to decline, the company's financial performance could decline.
the company's future performance and growth depends on its ability to successfully identify, develop and introduce new products and product line extensions. the company cannot be certain that it will achieve its innovation goals. the successful development and introduction of new products involves substantial research, development, marketing and promotional expenditures, which the company may be unable to recover if the new products do not gain widespread market acceptance. new product development and marketing efforts, including efforts to enter markets or product categories in which the company has limited or no prior experience, have inherent risks. these risks include product development or launch delays, competitor actions, regulatory approval hurdles and the failure of new products and line extensions to achieve anticipated levels of market acceptance. in addition, if sales generated by new products result in a concomitant decline in sales of existing products, the company's financial performance could be harmed.
each year, the company introduces new products, including launches into new "white space" categories, across the majority of its marketed brands.  historically, new product acceptance has generally been widespread across the retailer base.  there is no assurance, however, that the company's customers and consumers will continue to purchase these new products.  if new products are not successful in generating sales growth, the company's financial results could suffer.  from time to time, the company has discontinued certain products and product lines, which resulted in returns from customers, asset write-offs and shutdown costs. the company may suffer similar adverse consequences in the future to the extent it discontinues products that do not meet retailer or consumer expectations or no longer satisfy consumer demand.
·   reduced availability of transportation or disruptions in our transportation network could adversely affect us.
we distribute our products and receive raw materials and packaging components primarily by truck, rail and ship and through various ports of entry.  reduced availability of trucking, rail or shipping capacity due to adverse weather conditions, allocation of assets to other industries or geographies or otherwise, work stoppages, strikes or shutdowns of ports of entry or such transportation sources, could cause us to incur unanticipated expenses and impair our ability to distribute our products or receive our raw materials or
packaging components in a timely manner, which could disrupt our operations, strain our customer relationships and competitive position, and adversely affect our operating profits.
·   if the reputation of one or more of the company's leading brands erodes, its financial results could suffer.
the company's financial success is directly dependent on the reputation and success of its brands, particularly the arm & hammer, oxiclean, trojan, l'il critters and vitafusion brands. the effectiveness of these brands could suffer if the company's marketing plans or product initiatives do not have the desired impact on a brand's image or its ability to attract consumers. further, the company's results could be adversely affected if one or more of its other leading brands suffers damage to its reputation due to real or perceived quality or safety issues.
additionally, claims made in the company's marketing campaigns may become subject to litigation alleging false advertising, which, if successful, could cause the company to alter its marketing plans and may materially and adversely affect sales or result in the imposition of significant damages against the company, or other customer or consumer dissatisfaction, especially if such dissatisfaction were to be broadly disseminated, including through the use of social media.
widespread use of social media and networking sites by consumers has greatly increased the speed and accessibility of information dissemination.  negative or inaccurate posting or comments about the company in the media or on any social networking website, or the disclosure of non-public sensitive information through social media, could generate adverse publicity that could damage the reputation of our brands.  in addition, given the association of our individual products with the company, an issue with one of our products could negatively affect the reputation of our other products, or the company as a whole, thereby potentially adversely impacting the company's financial results.
·   product liability claims and withdrawals or recalls could adversely affect the company's sales and operating results and brand's reputation.
from time to time, the company is subject to product liability claims. the company may be required to pay for losses or injuries actually or purportedly caused by its products, including losses or injuries caused by raw materials or other components provided by third party suppliers that are included in the company's products. claims could be based on allegations that, among other things, the company's products contain contaminants, are improperly labeled or designed, or provide inadequate instructions regarding their use or inadequate warnings concerning interactions with other substances. whether or not successful, product liability claims could result in negative publicity that could harm the company's sales and operating results and the reputation of its brands. in addition, if one of the company's products is found to be defective or non-compliant with applicable rules or regulations, it could be required to withdraw or recall it, which could result in adverse publicity and significant expenses. although the company maintains product liability and product recall insurance coverage (that also covers product withdrawals), potential product liability claims and withdrawal and recall costs may exceed the amount of insurance coverage or may be excluded under the terms of the policy, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, operating results and financial condition.
·   environmental matters create potential liability risks.
the company must comply with various environmental laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which it operates, including those relating to the handling and disposal of solid and hazardous wastes and the remediation of contamination associated with the use and disposal of hazardous substances. a release of such substances due to accident or an intentional act could result in substantial liability to governmental authorities or to third parties. the company has incurred, and will continue to incur, capital and operating expenditures and other costs in complying with environmental laws and regulations. for example, the company currently is subject to environmental regulatory proceedings involving its brazilian subsidiary, which has been fined the equivalent of approximately $1.0 million (at current exchange rates) and will continue remediation, monitoring and reporting to the brazilian authorities. it is possible that the company could become subject to other environmental remediation costs and liabilities in the future that could have a material adverse effect on its results of operations or financial condition.
·   from time to time, the company is involved in litigation, arbitration or regulatory matters where the outcome is uncertain and which could entail significant expense.
the company, in the ordinary course of its business is, and from time to time may become, the subject of, or party to, various pending or threatened legal actions, government investigations and proceedings from time to time, including, without limitation, those relating to, commercial transactions, product liability, purported consumer class actions, employment matters, antitrust, environmental, health, safety and other compliance related matters.  such proceedings are subject to many uncertainties and the outcome of certain pending or threatened legal actions may not be reasonably predictable and any related damages may not be estimable.  certain pending or future legal actions, for example, the matter described under "item 3 legal proceedings - scantibodies laboratory, inc." below, could
result in an adverse outcome for the company, and any such adverse outcome could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.
·   current and future laws and regulations in the countries in which the company and its suppliers operate could expose the company to increased costs and other adverse consequences.
the manufacturing, processing, formulation (including stability), packaging, labeling, marketing, distribution and sale of the company's products are subject to regulation by federal agencies, including the fda, the ftc, the epa and the cpsc. in addition, the company's and its suppliers' operations are subject to the oversight of the occupational safety and health administration and the national labor relations board. the company's activities are also regulated by various agencies of the states, localities and foreign countries in which its products are sold.
in particular, the fda regulates the formulation, safety, manufacturing, packaging, labeling and distribution of condoms, home pregnancy and ovulation test kits, battery operated toothbrushes, over-the-counter pharmaceuticals and dietary supplements, including vitamins and minerals. the fda also exercises oversight over cosmetic products such as depilatories. in addition, under a memorandum of understanding between the fda and the ftc, the ftc has jurisdiction with regard to the promotion and advertising of these products, and the ftc regulates the promotion and advertising of the company's other products as well. as part of its regulatory authority, the fda may periodically conduct inspections of the physical facilities, machinery, processes and procedures that the company and its suppliers use to manufacture regulated products and may identify compliance issues that would require the company and its suppliers to make certain changes in its manufacturing facilities and processes. the failure of a facility to be in compliance may lead to regulatory action against the products made in that facility, including seizure, injunction or recall, as well as to possible action against the owner of the facility/manufacturer. the company may be required to make additional expenditures to address these issues or possibly stop selling certain products until the compliance issue has been remediated. as a result, the company's business could be adversely affected.
likewise, any future determination by the fda or a similar foreign agency, or by the company in reviewing its compliance with applicable rules and regulations, that the company's products or quality systems do not comply with applicable regulations could result in future compliance activities, including product withdrawals or recalls, import detentions, injunctions preventing the shipment of products, or other enforcement actions. for example, the fda may determine that a particular claim that the company uses to support the marketing of a product is not substantiated, may not accept the evidence of safety for a new product that the company may wish to market, may challenge the safety or effectiveness of existing products based on, among other things, changes in formulations, inadequate stability or "shelf-life," consumer complaints, or improper labeling, and may determine that the company's dietary supplement business manufacturing, packaging, labeling and holding operations do not comply with cgmps. similarly, the company may identify these or other issues in internal compliance reviews of its operations and the operations and products of vendors and acquired companies. these other issues may include the identification of contaminants or non-compliant levels of particular ingredients. any of the foregoing could subject the company to adverse publicity, force it to incur unanticipated costs and have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations.
in addition, the commission has promulgated federally mandated rules regarding disclosure of the use of tin, tantalum, tungsten and gold, known as "conflict minerals", in products manufactured by public companies. certain of the company's products, including its diagnostic test kits and spinbrush battery-operated toothbrushes, use these minerals sourced through third parties. the new rules require the company to conduct due diligence to determine whether such minerals originated from the democratic republic of congo (the drc) or an adjoining country and whether such minerals helped finance the armed conflict in the drc.  the company has incurred, and will continue to incur, costs associated with complying with these disclosure requirements, including costs to determine the origin of minerals used in its products. in addition, the implementation of these rules could adversely affect the sourcing, supply and pricing of such minerals used in the company's products. also, the company may face disqualification as a supplier for customers and reputational challenges, or may need to discontinue supply from its suppliers, if its due diligence procedures do not enable it to verify the origins for the minerals used in its products or determine that the minerals are conflict free.
from time to time, congress, the fda, the ftc, the commission or other federal, state, local or foreign legislative and regulatory authorities may impose additional laws or regulations that apply to the company, repeal laws or regulations that the company considers favorable, or impose more stringent interpretations of current laws or regulations. the company is not able to predict the nature of such future laws, regulations, repeals or interpretations or to predict the effect additional governmental regulation, when and if it occurs, would have on its business in the future. such developments could require reformulation of certain products to meet new standards, recalls or discontinuance of certain products not able to be reformulated, additional record-keeping requirements, increased documentation of the properties of certain products, additional or different labeling, additional scientific substantiation, expanded adverse event reporting or other new requirements. any such developments could increase the company's costs significantly and could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations.
·   the company is subject to risks related to its international operations that could adversely affect its results of operations.
the company's international operations subject it to risks customarily associated with foreign operations, including:
·   import and export license and taxation requirements and restrictions;
·   trade restrictions, including local investment or exchange control regulations;
·   changes in tariffs and taxes, the effect of foreign income taxes, value-added taxes and withholding taxes, including the inability to recover amounts owed to the company by foreign governments, and the determination of the u.s. internal revenue service (the "i.r.s.") regarding the applicability of certain regulations, including the foreign account tax compliance act, to the company's international transactions;
·   the possibility of expropriation, confiscatory taxation or price controls;
·   obstacles to repatriating foreign profits back to the u.s.;
·   political or economic instability, and civil unrest;
·   disruptions in the global transportation network, such as work stoppages, strikes or shutdowns of ports of entry or such other transportation sources, or other labor unrest;
·   compliance with laws and regulations concerning ethical business practices, including without limitation, the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and united kingdom bribery act;
·   difficulty in enforcing contractual and intellectual property rights;
·   regulatory requirements for certain products; and
·   changes to the company's cash contributions or other charges with respect to its pension plans covering certain of its international employees;
these risks could have a significant impact on the company's ability to commercialize its products on a competitive basis in international markets and may have a material adverse effect on its results of operations or financial position.  in all foreign jurisdictions in which the company operates, it is subject to laws and regulations that govern foreign investment, foreign trade and currency exchange transactions.
·   the company's business is exposed to domestic and foreign currency fluctuations that could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition and results of operations.
approximately 17% of the company's net sales were to customers outside the u.s. in 2015.  the company is exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk (both transaction and translation) with respect to its sales, profits, assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the u.s. dollar. outside of the u.s., sales and costs are denominated in a variety of currencies, including the canadian dollar, euro, pound, brazilian real, mexican peso, chinese yuan and australian dollar. a weakening of the currencies in which sales are generated relative to the currencies in which costs are denominated would decrease operating profits and cash flow.  changes in currency exchange rates may also affect the relative prices at which the company purchases materials and services in foreign markets.  although the company, from time to time, enters into forward exchange contracts to reduce the impact of foreign exchange rate fluctuations related to anticipated but not yet committed intercompany sales or purchases denominated in the u.s. dollar, canadian dollar, pound and euro , foreign currency fluctuations could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations.
·   the failure of the company to expand in existing geographic locations or enter new geographic locations could have a material adverse effect on the growth of the company's business, sales and results of operations.
the company's ability to continue to grow its sales and profits is dependent on expanding in the locations in which it already does business and entering into new geographic locations, both of which would require significant resources and investments which would affect the company's risk profile. the failure to successfully enter into or expand its business in such locations could materially affect the growth of the company's business, sales and results of operations.
·   the company may not be able to continue to identify and complete strategic acquisitions and effectively integrate acquired companies to achieve desired financial benefits.
the company seeks to acquire or invest in businesses that offer products, services or technologies that are complementary. the company has made 10 acquisitions in the past 12 years, including the following brands: spinbrush battery-powered toothbrushes; oxiclean, kaboom and orange glo cleaning products; orajel oral analgesics; simply saline nasal moisturizers; feline pine natural cat litter; batiste dry shampoo; l'il critters and vitafusion dietary supplements; rephresh and replens feminine care products; vi-cor, feed ingredients for dairy cows, beef cattle, poultry and other livestock and, in january 2016, toppik, a leading brand of hair building fibers for people with thinning hair.   the company acquired nine of its 10 power brands.
the company may make additional acquisitions or substantial investments in complementary businesses or products in the future. however, the company may not be able to identify and successfully negotiate suitable strategic acquisitions at attractive valuations, obtain financing for future acquisitions on satisfactory terms or otherwise complete future acquisitions. in recent periods, competition from other consumer products companies that are seeking similar opportunities has been particularly strong, and valuations for potential acquisition assets have been high, which has placed pressure on the company's ability to identify, structure and execute transactions.  in addition, all acquisitions and investments entail various risks, including the difficulty of entering new markets or product categories, the challenges of integrating the operations and personnel of the acquired businesses or products, the potential disruption of the company's ongoing business and the ongoing business of the acquired company, the need to review and, if necessary, upgrade processes of the acquired company to conform to the company's own processes and applicable legal and regulatory requirements, and, generally, the company's potential inability to obtain the desired financial and strategic benefits from the acquisition or investment. any of these risks may divert management and other resources, require the company to incur unanticipated costs or delay the anticipated positive impact on the company's business and results of the acquisition. the risks associated with assimilation are increased to the extent the company acquires businesses that have stand-alone operations that cannot easily be integrated or operations or sources of supply outside of the u.s. and canada, for which products are manufactured locally by third parties. these factors could harm the company's financial condition and operating results.
acquired companies or operations or newly-created ventures may not be profitable or may not achieve sales levels and profitability that justify the investments made. in addition, future acquisitions or investments could result in substantial cash expenditures, the potentially dilutive issuances of new equity by the company or the incurrence of additional debt or contingent liabilities, all of which could adversely affect the company's results of operations and financial condition. in addition, any potential acquisitions or investments, whether or not ultimately completed, could divert the attention of management and resources from other matters that are critical to the company's operations.
·   the company relies significantly on information technology. any inadequacy, interruption, theft or loss of data, malicious attack, integration failure, failure to maintain the security, confidentiality or privacy of sensitive data residing on our systems or other security failure of that technology could harm the company's ability to effectively operate its business and damage the reputation of its brands.
the company relies extensively on information technology systems, some of which are managed by third-party service providers, to conduct its business. these systems include, but are not limited to, programs and processes relating to internal communications and communications with other parties, ordering and managing materials from suppliers, converting materials to finished products, shipping product to customers, billing customers and receiving and applying payment, processing transactions, summarizing and reporting results of operations, complying with regulatory, legal or tax requirements, collecting and storing customer, consumer, employee, investor, and other stakeholder information and personal data, and other processes necessary to manage the company's business.  in addition, the company is engaged in limited e-commerce with respect to its trojan brand.
increased information technology security threats and more sophisticated computer crime, including advanced persistent threats, pose a potential risk to the security of the information technology systems, networks, and services of the company, its customers and other business partners, as well as the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of the data of the company, its customers and other business partners. as a result, the company's information technology systems, networks or service providers could be damaged or cease to function properly or the company could suffer a loss or disclosure of business, personal or stakeholder information, due to any number of causes, including catastrophic events, power outages and security breaches. although the company has business continuity plans in place and is in process of implementing a breach response plan to address service interruptions, if these plans do not provide effective alternative processes on a timely basis, the company may suffer interruptions in its ability to manage or conduct its operations which may adversely affect its business.  the company may need to expend additional resources in the future to continue to protect against, or to address problems caused by any business interruptions or data security breaches.
any business interruptions or data security breaches, including cyber security breaches resulting in private data disclosure, could result in lawsuits or regulatory proceedings, damage the company's reputation or adversely impact the company's results of operations and cash flows.
·   the company's substantial indebtedness and its financial covenants could adversely affect its operations and financial results and prevent it from fulfilling its obligations, and the company may incur substantially more debt in the future, which could exacerbate these risks.
as of december 31, 2015, the company had approximately $1,050 million of total consolidated indebtedness net of debt issuance costs.  this amount of indebtedness could have important consequences, including:
·   making it more difficult for the company to satisfy its cash obligations;
·   limiting the company's ability to fund potential acquisitions;
·   requiring the company to dedicate a portion of its cash flow from operations to payments on its indebtedness, which would reduce the availability of cash flow to fund working capital requirements, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes;
·   limiting the company's flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, general adverse economic conditions or changes in its business and the industry in which it operates; and
·   placing the company at a competitive disadvantage compared to its competitors that have less debt.
additionally, the company's credit facility is subject to certain financial and other customary covenants.  in the event of a breach of those covenants, our lenders under the credit facility may be entitled to accelerate the related debt (and any lenders in respect of any other debt to which a cross-default provision applies may be entitled to accelerate such other debt), and we could be required to seek amendments or waivers under the debt instruments or to refinance the debt.
in addition, the company may incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future to fund acquisitions, to repurchase shares or to fund other activities for general business purposes. if new debt is added to the current debt levels, the related risks that the company now faces could intensify. any decision regarding future borrowings will be based on the facts and circumstances existing at the time, including market conditions and the company's credit rating.
·   the company may not have sufficient cash flow to service its indebtedness or fund capital expenditures.
the company's ability to repay and refinance its indebtedness and to fund capital expenditures depends primarily on its cash flow. cash flow is often subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors beyond the company's control, and such factors may limit its ability to repay indebtedness and fund capital expenditures. a failure to service its indebtedness or obtain additional financing as needed could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, operating results and financial condition.
although the board has recently authorized new share repurchase programs and recently increased the amount of the quarterly cash dividends payable on the common stock, any board determinations to continue to repurchase the common stock or to continue to pay cash dividends on the common stock, in each case at levels consistent with recent practice or at all, will be based primarily upon the company's financial condition, results of operations, business requirements, price of the common stock in the case of the repurchase programs, and the board's continuing determination that the repurchase programs and the declaration of dividends under the dividend policy are in the best interests of company stockholders and are in compliance with all laws and agreements applicable to the repurchase and dividend programs. in the event the company does not declare a quarterly dividend, or discontinues its share repurchases, its stock price could be adversely affected.
·   recent volatility in the financial markets may negatively impact the company's ability to access the credit markets.
in recent years, the banking system and financial markets have experienced severe disruption, including, among other things, bank failures and consolidations, severely diminished liquidity and credit availability, rating downgrades, declines in asset valuations and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates.  these conditions present the following risks to the company, among others:
·   the company is dependent on the continued viability of the financial institutions that participate in the syndicate that is generally obligated to fund the company's $1 billion unsecured revolving credit facility dated december 4, 2015 (as
amended, the "credit agreement"). in addition, the credit agreement includes a "commitment increase" feature that enables the company to increase the amount of its borrowing under the credit agreement, subject to lending commitments and certain conditions. any disruption in the credit markets could limit the availability of credit or the ability or willingness of financial institutions to extend credit, which could adversely affect the company's liquidity and capital resources.
·   the company's short- and long-term credit ratings affect its borrowing costs and access to financing. a downgrade in the company's credit ratings would increase its borrowing costs and could affect its ability to issue commercial paper. disruptions in the commercial paper market or other effects of volatile economic conditions on the credit market also could raise the company's borrowing costs for both short- and long-term debt offerings. either scenario could adversely affect the company's liquidity and capital resources. failure to maintain the company's credit ratings could adversely affect the interest rate in future financings, liquidity, competitive position and access to capital markets.
although the company believes that its operating cash flows, together with its access to the credit markets, provides it with significant discretionary funding capacity, the inability of one or more institutions to fulfill funding obligations under the credit agreement could have a material adverse effect on the company's liquidity and operations.
·   changes in tax laws and regulations or in the company's operations may impact the company's effective tax rate and may adversely affect its earnings and cash flow.
the company's future effective tax rate could be affected by changes in tax laws and regulations or their interpretation, changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, or changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities. the realization of deferred income tax assets is assessed and a valuation allowance is recorded if it is "more likely than not" that all or a portion of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. if the actual amount of the company's future taxable income is less than the amount it is currently projecting with respect to specific tax jurisdictions, or if there is a change in the time period within which the deferred tax asset becomes deductible, the company could be required to record a valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets. the recording of a valuation allowance would result in an increase in the company's effective tax rate, and would have an adverse effect on its operating results. in addition, changes in statutory tax rates may change the company's deferred tax assets or liability balances, which would have either a favorable or unfavorable impact on its effective tax rate.
significant judgment is required in determining the company's effective tax rate and in evaluating its tax positions. the company provides for uncertain tax positions with respect to tax positions that do not meet the recognition thresholds or measurement standards mandated by applicable accounting guidance. fluctuations in federal, state, local and foreign taxes or changes to uncertain tax positions, including related interest and penalties, may impact the company's effective tax rate and its financial results. the company is regularly under audit by tax authorities, and although the company believes its tax estimates are reasonable, the final outcome of tax audits and related litigation could be materially different than that reflected in its historical income tax provisions and accruals. in addition, when particular tax matters arise, a number of years may elapse before such matters are audited and finally resolved. favorable resolution of such matters could be recognized as a reduction to the company's effective tax rate in the year of resolution. unfavorable resolution of any tax matter could increase the effective tax rate. any resolution of a tax issue may require the use of cash in the year of resolution.
·   failure to effectively utilize or successfully assert intellectual property rights, and the loss or expiration of such rights, could materially adversely affect the company's competitiveness. infringement by the company of third-party intellectual property rights could result in costly litigation and/or the modification or discontinuance of company products.
the market for the company's products depends to a significant extent upon the value associated with its trademarks and brand names, including arm & hammer, trojan, oxiclean, l'il critters and vitafusion. the company owns the material trademarks and brand names used in connection with the marketing and distribution of its major products both in the u.s. and in other countries. in addition, the company holds several valuable patents on its products, which the company believes serve as an effective barrier to entry for new competitors. accordingly, the company relies on trademark, trade secret, patent and copyright laws to protect its intellectual property rights. although most of the company's material intellectual property is registered in the u.s. and in certain foreign countries in which it operates, it cannot be sure that its intellectual property rights will be effectively utilized or, if necessary, successfully asserted. there is a risk that the company will not be able to obtain and perfect its own intellectual property rights, or, where appropriate, license from others intellectual property rights necessary to support new product introductions. the company cannot be sure that these rights, if obtained, will not be invalidated, circumvented or challenged in the future, and the company could incur significant costs in connection with legal actions relating to such rights. in addition, even if such rights are obtained in the u.s., the laws of some of the other countries in which the company's products are or may be sold do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the u.s. if other parties infringe the company's intellectual property
rights, they may dilute the value of the company's brands in the marketplace, which could diminish the value that consumers associate with the company's brands and harm its sales.  the company's failure to perfect or successfully assert intellectual property rights could make it less competitive and could have a material adverse effect on its business, operating results and financial condition.  also, the company's patents are granted for a term of 20 years from the date the patent application is filed.  while the company considers no single patent to be material to the business as a whole, it does recognize that the loss of key patents will allow for increased competition, specifically to its spinbrush battery-powered toothbrush, first response pregnancy test kit and answer pregnancy test kit brands.  while the company has obtained and is seeking patent protection for improvements made in these product areas, the company cannot provide assurance that its patents on such improvements will offer the same level of protection from competition as the patents that are nearing the end of their 20 year terms and expiring.
in addition, if the company's products are found to infringe intellectual property rights of others, the owners of those rights could bring legal actions against the company claiming substantial damages for past infringement and seeking to enjoin manufacturing and marketing of the affected products. if these legal actions are successful, in addition to any potential liability for damages from past infringement, the company could be required to obtain a license in order to continue to manufacture or market the affected products, potentially adding significant costs. the company might not prevail in any action brought against it or it may be unsuccessful in securing any license for continued use and therefore have to discontinue the marketing and sale of a product. this could make the company less competitive and could have a material adverse impact on its business, operating results and financial condition.
·   impairment of the company's goodwill and other intangible assets may result in a reduction in net income.
the company has a material amount of goodwill, trademarks and other intangible assets, as well as other long-lived assets, which are periodically evaluated for impairment in accordance with current accounting standards. declines in the company's profitability and/or estimated cash flows related to specific intangible assets, as well as potential changes in market valuations for similar assets and market discount rates, has resulted in impairment charges from time to time, and may result in future impairment charges, which could reduce the company's net income and otherwise have an adverse impact on operating results.  in 2014, the results of the company's annual impairment test for indefinite lived trade names resulted in a personal care trade name whose fair value exceeded its carrying value by 11%.  in 2015, the fair value of this asset exceeded its carrying value by approximately 20%, based on improved and forecasted performance.  this trade name's carrying value is approximately $37 million as of december 31, 2015, and is considered an important asset to the company.  the company continues to monitor performance and should there be any significant change in forecasted assumptions or estimates, including sales, profitability and discount rate, the company may be required to recognize an impairment charge.
·   the company's operations and the operations of its third party manufacturers, suppliers and customers may be subject to disruption from events beyond its or their control.
the company's operations, as well as the operations of its third party manufacturers, suppliers and customers, may be subject to disruption from a variety of causes, including work stoppages, material shortages, financial difficulties, acts of war, terrorism, pandemics, fire, earthquake, flooding or other natural disasters. if a major disruption were to occur, it could result in harm to people or the natural environment, delays in shipments of products to customers or suspension of operations, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the company's business.
·   the company may not be able to attract, retain and develop key personnel.
the company's future performance depends in significant part upon the continued service of its executive officers and other key personnel. the loss of the services of one or more executive officers or other key employees could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. this effect could be exacerbated if any officers or other key personnel left as a group or at the same time. the company's success also depends, in part, on its continuing ability to attract, retain and develop highly qualified personnel. competition for such personnel is intense, and there can be no assurance that the company can retain its key employees or attract, assimilate and retain other highly qualified personnel in the future.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the company's consolidated financial statements.
overview the company's business the company develops, manufactures, markets and sells a broad range of household, personal care and specialty products.  the company sells its consumer products under a variety of brands through a broad distribution platform that includes supermarkets, mass merchandisers, wholesale clubs, drugstores, convenience stores, home stores, dollar, pet and other specialty stores, and websites, all of which sell the products to consumers.  the company also sells specialty products to industrial customers and distributors.  the company focuses its consumer products marketing efforts principally on its ten "power brands."  these well-recognized brand names include arm & hammer, used in multiple product categories such as baking soda, cat litter, carpet deodorization and laundry detergent; trojan condoms, lubricants and vibrators; oxiclean stain removers, cleaning solutions, laundry detergent, dishwashing detergent and bleach alternatives; spinbrush battery-operated and manual toothbrushes;  first response home pregnancy and ovulation test kits; nair depilatories; orajel oral analgesic; xtra laundry detergent; l'il critters and vitafusion gummy dietary supplements; and batiste dry shampoos.  the company considers four of these brands to be "mega brands": arm & hammer, oxiclean, trojan, and l'il critters and vitafusion, and is giving greatest focus to the growth of these brands.
the company operates its business in three segments: consumer domestic, consumer international and spd.  the consumer domestic segment includes the power brands noted above and other household and personal care products such as scrub free, kaboom and orange glo cleaning products, arrid antiperspirant, close-up and aim toothpastes and simply saline nasal saline moisturizer.  the consumer international segment primarily sells a variety of personal care products, some of which use the same brand names as the company's domestic product lines, in international markets including canada, france, australia, the united kingdom, mexico and brazil.  the spd segment is the largest u.s. producer of sodium bicarbonate, which it sells together with other specialty inorganic chemicals for a variety of industrial, institutional, medical and food applications.  this segment also sells a range of animal nutrition and specialty cleaning products.  in 2015, the consumer domestic, consumer international and spd segments represented approximately 76%, 15% and 9%, respectively, of the company's consolidated net sales.
2015 financial highlights key fiscal year 2015 financial results include:
·   2015 net sales grew 2.9% over fiscal year 2014, with gains in all three of the company's segments, primarily due to volume growth and the impact of the 2014 acquisition of the lil' drug store brands and the january 2015 acquisition of substantially all of the assets of varied industries corporation (the "vi-cor acquisition"), partially offset by currency fluctuations.
·   gross margin increased 40 basis points to 44.5% in fiscal year 2015 from 44.1% in fiscal year 2014, reflecting the favorable impact of the lil' drug store brands and vi-cor acquisitions, higher volumes and lower commodity costs partially offset by unfavorable foreign exchange rates.
·   operating margin increased 50 basis points to 19.9% in fiscal year 2015 from 19.4% in fiscal year 2014, reflecting a higher gross margin and slightly lower marketing costs, partially offset by higher selling, general and administrative expenses ("sg&amp;a").
·   during the second quarter, the company settled its previously announced termination of an international pension plan and recorded an $8.9 charge in sg&amp;a.
·   also during the second quarter, the company recorded a $17.0 impairment charge associated with its remaining investment in natronx.
·   cash provided by operations was $606.1, a $65.8 increase from the prior year, which includes higher cash earnings and improved working capital.
(dollars in millions, except share and per share data)
·   the company returned $538.4 to its stockholders through dividends and share repurchases.
strategic goals, challenges and initiatives the company's ability to generate sales depends on consumer demand for its products and retail customers' decisions to carry its products, which are, in part, affected by general economic conditions in its markets.  in 2015, many of the markets in which the company operates continued to experience general economic softness and weak or inconsistent consumer demand.  although the company's consumer products generally are consumer staples and less vulnerable to decreases in discretionary spending than other products, the continued economic downturn has reduced demand in many categories, particularly those in personal care, and affected company sales in recent periods.  some customers have responded to economic conditions by increasing their private label offerings (primarily in the dietary supplements, diagnostic kits and oral analgesics categories), and consolidating the product selections they offer to the top few leading brands in each category.  in addition, an increasing portion of the company's product categories are being sold by club stores, dollar stores and mass merchandisers.  these customer actions have placed downward pressure on the company's sales and gross margins.
the company expects a competitive marketplace in 2016 due to new product introductions by competitors and continuing aggressive competitive pricing pressures.  in the u.s., an improving unemployment rate and higher disposable income due to low gasoline prices are expected to have a positive effect on consumption patterns.  to continue to deliver attractive results for stockholders in this environment, the company intends to continue to aggressively pursue several key strategic initiatives: maintain competitive marketing and trade spending, tightly control its cost structure, continue to develop and launch new and differentiated products, and pursue strategic acquisitions.  the company also intends to continue to grow its product sales geographically (in an attempt to mitigate the impact of weakness in any one area), and maintain an offering of premium and value brand products (to appeal to a wide range of consumers).
the company continues to experience heightened competitive activity in certain product categories from other larger multinational competitors, some of which have greater resources.  such activities have included new product introductions, more aggressive product claims and marketing challenges, as well as increased promotional spending.  since the introduction in the u.s. of unit dose laundry detergent by various manufacturers, including the company, there has been significant product and price competition in the laundry detergent category.  for example, p&g, one of the company's major competitors and the market leader in laundry detergent markets a lower-priced line of laundry detergents that competes directly with the company's core value laundry detergents.  additionally, henkel has entered the u.s. market with persil, its leading worldwide premium laundry detergent. while it is too early to assess what impact this will have on the premium laundry category or the company's laundry detergent business, the introduction of persil could precipitate greater price competition in the category and distribution pressure with a potential adverse impact on oxiclean laundry detergent.  the company continues to evaluate and vigorously combat the pressures in the laundry detergent category through, among other things, new product introductions and increased marketing spending.  while the category grew 1.6% in 2015, after experiencing declines in 2013 and 2014, there is no assurance the category will not decline and that the company will be able to offset any such decline.
the company has responded to these competitive pressures by, among other things, focusing on strengthening its key brands, including increased focus on the arm & hammer, oxiclean, trojan and l'il critters and vitafusion mega brands through the launch of innovative new products, which  span various product categories, including premium and value household products supported by increased marketing and trade spending.  together, they represented approximately 60% of the company's sales and profits in 2015.  these mega brands have advantages over other power brands, including the ability to leverage research and development and marketing investments and lower overhead costs across mega brand categories.  for example, the company's 2014 responsive product introductions include the simultaneous launch of oxiclean branded products into the mid/premium tier laundry detergent segment, and auto dish detergent category and bleach alternatives with continued support of, and innovation in, the company's base arm & hammer and oxiclean businesses, to create scale and maximize marketing efforts.  in 2015, the company continued to heavily invest in the oxiclean brand as 2015 marked the second year of the company's goal to establish oxiclean as a mega brand in multiple categories.  mega brand launches and launches of other products are anticipated to contribute more incremental new product revenue than the introduction of new products has in prior years, and a significant portion of those revenues will include expansion into new categories with premium household products, supported by increased levels of slotting, trade promotions and incremental marketing support and planned ongoing technology investment.  there can be no assurance that these measures will be successful.
despite challenging economic conditions and customer responses to these conditions, the company was able to grow market share in seven of 10 of its "power brands" in 2015, including in the laundry detergent category.  the company's global product portfolio consists of both premium (60% of total worldwide consumer revenue in 2015) and value (40% of total worldwide consumer
(dollars in millions, except share and per share data)
revenue in 2015) brands, which it believes enables it to succeed in a range of economic environments.  the company's value brands have performed strongly during economic downturns, and the company intends to continue to develop a portfolio of appealing new products to build loyalty among cost-conscious consumers.
over the past 15 years, the company has diversified from an almost exclusively u.s. business to a global company with approximately 15% of sales derived from foreign countries in 2015.  the company has operations in six countries (canada, mexico, u.k., france, australia and brazil) and exports to over 90 other countries.  in 2015, the company benefited from its concentration in north america in light of the economic downturn in europe; however, the company has continued and will continue to focus on selectively expanding its global business.  net sales generated outside of the united states are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations as well as political uncertainty which could impact future operating results.
the company also continues to focus on controlling its costs.  historically, the company has been able to mitigate the effects of cost increases primarily by implementing cost reduction programs and, to a lesser extent, by passing along some of these cost increases to customers.  the company has also entered into set pricing and pre-buying arrangements with certain suppliers and hedge agreements for diesel fuel.  additionally, maintaining tight controls on overhead costs has been a hallmark of the company and has enabled it to effectively navigate recent challenging economic conditions.
the identification and integration of strategic acquisitions are an important component of the company's overall strategy.  acquisitions have added significantly to company sales and profits over the last decade.  this is evidenced by the lil' drug store brands and vi-cor acquisitions.  however, the failure to effectively integrate any acquisition or achieve expected synergies may cause the company to incur material asset write-downs.  the company actively seeks acquisitions that fit its guidelines, and its strong financial position provides it with flexibility to take advantage of acquisition opportunities.  in addition, the company's ability to quickly integrate acquisitions and leverage existing infrastructure has enabled it to establish a strong track record in making accretive acquisitions.  since 2001, the company has acquired nine of its ten "power brands".
the company believes it is positioned to meet the ongoing challenges described above due to its strong financial condition, experience operating in challenging environments and continued focus on key strategic initiatives: maintaining competitive marketing and trade spending, managing its cost structure, continuing to develop and launch new and differentiated products, and pursuing strategic acquisitions.  this focus, together with the strength of the company's portfolio of premium and value brands, has enabled the company to succeed in a range of economic environments, and is expected to position the company to continue to increase stockholder value over the long-term.  moreover, the generation of a significant amount of cash from operations, as a result of net income and effective working capital management, combined with an investment grade credit rating provides the company with the financial flexibility to pursue acquisitions, drive new product development, make capital expenditures to support organic growth and gross margin improvements, return cash to stockholders through dividends and  share buy backs, and reduce outstanding debt, positioning it to continue to create stockholder value.
for information regarding risks and uncertainties that could materially adversely affect the company's business, results of operations and financial condition, see "risk factors" in item 1a of this annual report.
recent developments toppik acquisition on january 4, 2016, the company acquired spencer forrest, inc., the maker of toppik ("toppik acquisition"), the leading brand of hair building fibers for people with thinning hair, for approximately $175.0, which is subject to adjustment based on the closing working capital.  the company financed the acquisition with commercial paper.  toppik's annual sales are approximately $30.0.  this brand will be managed within the consumer domestic and consumer international segments.
(dollars in millions, except share and per share data)
critical accounting policies and estimates the company's consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the u.s. (gaap).  the preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities.  by their nature, these judgments are subject to uncertainty.  they are based on the company's historical experience, its observation of trends in industry, information provided by its customers and information available from other outside sources, as appropriate.  the company's significant accounting policies and estimates are described below.
revenue recognition and promotional and sales return reserves virtually all of the company's revenue represents sales of finished goods inventory and is recognized when received or picked up by the company's customers.  the reserves for consumer and trade promotion liabilities and sales returns are established based on the company's best estimate of the amounts necessary to settle future and existing claims on products sold as of the balance sheet date.  promotional reserves are provided for sales incentives, such as coupons to consumers, and sales incentives provided to customers (such as slotting, cooperative advertising, incentive discounts based on volume of sales and other arrangements made directly with customers).  all such costs are netted against sales.  slotting costs are recorded when the product is delivered to the customer.  cooperative advertising costs are recorded when the customer places the advertisement for the company's products.  discounts relating to price reduction arrangements are recorded when the related sale takes place.  costs associated with end-aisle or other in-store displays are recorded when product that is subject to the promotion is sold.  the company relies on historical experience and forecasted data to determine the required reserves.  for example, the company uses historical experience to project coupon redemption rates to determine reserve requirements.  based on the total face value of consumer domestic coupons redeemed over the past several years, if the actual rate of redemptions were to deviate by 0.1% from the rate for which reserves are accrued in the financial statements, an approximately $4.8 difference in the reserve required for coupons would result.  with regard to other promotional reserves and sales returns, the company uses experience-based estimates, customer and sales organization inputs and historical trend analysis in arriving at the reserves required.  if the company's estimates for promotional activities and sales returns were to change by 10% the impact to promotional spending and sales return accruals would be approximately $5.8.  while management believes that its promotional and sales returns reserves are reasonable and that appropriate judgments have been made, estimated amounts could differ materially from actual future obligations.  during the twelve months ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, the company reduced promotion liabilities by approximately $4.3, $6.7 and $3.7, respectively, based on a change in estimate as a result of actual experience and updated information.  these adjustments are immaterial relative to the amount of trade promotion expense incurred annually by the company.
impairment of goodwill, trade names and other intangible assets carrying values of goodwill, trade names and other indefinite lived intangible assets are reviewed periodically for possible impairment.  for finite intangible assets, the company assesses business triggering events.  the company's impairment analysis is based on a discounted cash flow approach that requires significant judgment with respect to unit volume, revenue and expense growth rates, and the selection of an appropriate discount rate.  management uses estimates based on expected trends in making these assumptions.  with respect to goodwill, impairment occurs when the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds the discounted present value of cash flows for that reporting unit.  for trade names and other intangible assets, an impairment charge is recorded for the difference between the carrying value and the net present value of estimated future cash flows, which represents the estimated fair value of the asset.  judgment is required in assessing whether assets may have become impaired between annual valuations.  indicators such as unexpected adverse economic factors, unanticipated technological change, distribution losses, or competitive activities and acts by governments and courts may indicate that an asset has become impaired.  the result of the company's annual goodwill impairment test determined that the estimated fair value substantially exceeded the carrying values of all reporting units.  in addition, there were no goodwill impairment charges for each of the years in the three-year period ended december 31, 2015.
the company recognized intangible asset impairment charges within sg&a for each of the years in the three-year period ended december 31, 2015 as follows:
for the year ended december 31,
consumer domestic             $0.0                    $5.0                    $1.9
consumer international         0.0                     0.0                     4.6
(dollars in millions, except share and per share data)
the impairment charges recorded in 2014 and 2013 were a result of actual and projected reductions in sales and profitability as a result of increased competition.  the amount of the impairment charges was determined by comparing the estimated fair value of the assets to their carrying amount.  fair value was estimated based on a "relief from royalty" or "excess earnings" discounted cash flow method, which contains numerous variables that are subject to change as business conditions change, and therefore could impact fair values in the future.  the company determined that the fair value of all other intangible assets as of december 31, 2015 exceeded their respective carrying values based upon the forecasted cash flows and profitability.  in 2014, the results of the company's annual impairment test for indefinite lived trade names resulted in a personal care trade name whose fair value exceeded its carrying value by 11%.  in 2015, the fair value of this asset exceeded its carrying value by approximately 20%, based on improved and forecasted performance.  this trade name's carrying value is valued at approximately $37.0 as of december 31, 2015, and is considered an important asset to the company.  the company continues to monitor performance and should there be any significant change in forecasted assumptions or estimates, including sales, profitability and discount rate, the company may be required to recognize an impairment charge.
it is possible that the company's conclusions regarding impairment or recoverability of goodwill or other intangible assets could change in future periods if, for example, (i) the businesses or brands do not perform as projected, (ii) overall economic conditions in 2016 or future years vary from current assumptions (including changes in discount rates), (iii) business conditions or strategies change from current assumptions, (iv) investors require higher rates of return on equity investments in the marketplace or (v) enterprise values of comparable publicly traded companies, or actual sales transactions of comparable companies, were to decline, resulting in lower multiples of revenues and ebitda.  a future impairment charge for goodwill or intangible assets could have a material effect on the company's consolidated financial position or results of operations.
inventory valuation when appropriate, the company writes down the carrying value of its inventory to the lower of cost or market (net realizable value, which reflects any costs to sell or dispose).  the company identifies any slow moving, obsolete or excess inventory to determine whether an adjustment is required to establish a new carrying value.  the determination of whether inventory items are slow moving, obsolete or in excess of needs requires estimates and assumptions about the future demand for the company's products, technological changes, and new product introductions.  in addition, the company's allowance for obsolescence may be impacted by the reduction of the number of stock keeping units (skus).  the company evaluates its inventory levels and expected usage on a periodic basis and records adjustments as required.  adjustments to inventory to reflect a reduction in net realizable value were $12.6 at december 31, 2015, and $8.3 at december 31, 2014.
income taxes income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method.  deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized to reflect the future tax consequences attributable to the differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases, and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards.  deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which the differences are expected to be recovered or settled.  management provides a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets for amounts which are not considered "more likely than not" to be realized.  the company records liabilities for potential assessments in various tax jurisdictions under u.s. gaap guidelines.  the liabilities relate to tax return positions that, although supportable by the company, may be challenged by the tax authorities and do not meet the minimum recognition threshold required under applicable accounting guidance for the related tax benefit to be recognized in the income statement.  the company adjusts this liability as a result of changes in tax legislation, interpretations of laws by courts, rulings by tax authorities, changes in estimates and the expiration of the statute of limitations.  many of the judgments involved in adjusting the liability involve assumptions and estimates that are highly uncertain and subject to change.  in this regard, settlement of any issue, or an adverse determination in litigation, with a taxing authority could require the use of cash and result in an increase in the company's annual tax rate.  conversely, favorable resolution of an issue with a taxing authority would be recognized as a reduction to the company's annual tax rate.
new accounting pronouncements refer to note 1 to the consolidated financial statements for recently adopted accounting pronouncements and recently issued accounting pronouncements not yet adopted as of december 31, 2015.
(dollars in millions, except share and per share data)
results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013
the discussion of results of operations at the consolidated level presented below is followed by a more detailed discussion of results of operations by segment.  the discussion of the company's consolidated results of operations and segment operating results is presented on a historical basis for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013.  the segment discussion also addresses certain product line information.  the company's operating units are consistent with its reportable segments.
twelve months ended             change vs.        twelve months ended
gross profit                                                  $1,511.8                      4.1%                $1,452.9
marketing expenses                                              $417.5                      0.1%                  $416.9
net sales net sales for the year ended december 31, 2015 were $3,394.8, an increase of $97.2, or approximately 2.9% compared to 2014 net sales.  the components of the net sales increase are as follows:
foreign exchange rate fluctuations / other                  (2.7   %)
(1)   on september 19, 2014, the company acquired certain brands in the lil' drug store brands acquisition (the ("lil' drug store brands acquisition") and on january 2, 2015, the company acquired certain assets of varied industries corporation (the "vi-cor acquisition"). net sales of these acquisitions are included in the company's results since the date of acquisition.
all three segments reported volume increases and favorable price/mix for the year ended december 31, 2015.
gross profit the company's gross profit for 2015 was $1,511.8, a $58.9 increase compared to 2014. gross margin was 44.5% in 2015 compared to 44.1% in 2014, a 40 basis points ("bps") increase.  the increase is due to 30 bps associated with higher volume, price and mix, favorable impact associated with the lil' drug store brands and vi-cor acquisitions of 40 bps, lower commodity costs of 70 bps, partially offset by higher manufacturing costs (net of productivity programs and including higher than anticipated start-up costs associated with the company's new vitamin manufacturing facility) of 70 bps and unfavorable foreign exchange rates of 30 bps.  the higher volume, price and mix favorability included higher trade promotion and couponing to continue to support proven consumer trial generating activities for the oxiclean megabrand.
operating costs marketing expenses for 2015 were $417.5, an increase of $0.6 compared to 2014.  the reason the increase was small was due to shifting some marketing funds to trade promotion and couponing to continue to support proven consumer trial generating activities for the oxiclean megabrand.  marketing expenses as a percentage of net sales decreased 30 bps to 12.3% in 2015 compared to 12.6% in 2014.  this is due to 30 bps from leverage of expenses on higher sales.
(dollars in millions, except share and per share data)
selling, general and administrative expenses ("sg&a") expenses for 2015 were $420.1, an increase of $25.3 or 6.4% compared to 2014 due primarily to both on-going and one-time costs associated with the lil' drug store brands and vi-cor acquisitions, higher compensation related costs, higher legal and research and development expenses and an $8.9 pension settlement charge in the second quarter of 2015.  the increase was partially offset by lower foreign exchange rates.  sg&a as a percentage of net sales increased 20 bps to 12.3% in 2015 compared to 12.1% in 2014.  the increase is due to higher costs of 50 bps, including 25 bps associated with the pension charge, partially offset by 30 bps of leverage associated with higher sales.
other income and expenses equity in earnings of affiliates for 2015 was a loss of $5.8 compared to earnings of $11.6 in 2014.  the decrease in earnings was primarily due to a $17.0 impairment charge associated with the company's remaining investment in natronx recorded in the second quarter of 2015.  this charge is primarily a result of lower than expected demand for the joint venture's products as a result of a shift in the electric utility industry from coal-fired to natural gas-supplied power plants, continued delays in the implementation of updated federal regulations, and indirectly, the recent u.s. supreme court ruling against the environmental protection agency ("epa") where the court stated that the epa failed to properly consider the costs to implement the regulations. we believe that the foregoing factors will likely further delay the demand for these products.
taxation the 2015 tax rate was 35.4% compared to 33.8% in 2014.  the 2015 tax rate was negatively impacted by a valuation allowance recorded in connection with the natronx impairment charge. the tax rate for 2014 was favorably impacted by discrete adjustments related to uncertain income tax positions.
net sales net sales for the year ended december 31, 2014 were $3,297.6, an increase of $103.3, or approximately 3.2% compared to 2013 net sales.  the components of the net sales increase are as follows:
foreign exchange rate fluctuations                                    (0.5   %)
sales in anticipation of information systems upgrade                  (0.2   %)
(1)   on september 19, 2014, the company acquired certain feminine care brands from lil' drug store products inc. net sales of the brands acquired in the lil' drug store brands acquisition are included in the company's results since the date of acquisition.
all three segments reported volume increases for the year ended december 31, 2014. the unfavorable price/mix in the consumer domestic segment, primarily due to new product introductory costs and a higher level of trade and coupon promotion for existing products was partially offset by favorable price/mix in spd.
gross profit the company's gross profit for 2014 was $1,452.9, a $14.9 increase  compared to the same period in 2013 due to the effect of higher sales volume, productivity improvement programs and the impact of the lil' drug store brands acquisition, partially offset by the costs associated with new product launches, higher commodity costs and currency fluctuations. gross margin was 44.1% in 2014  compared to 45.0% in 2013.  gross margin was lower due to higher trade promotion, coupon, slotting, commodity costs and currency fluctuations, partially offset by the positive impact of productivity improvement programs.
(dollars in millions, except share and per share data)
operating costs marketing expenses for 2014 were $416.9, an increase of $17.1 compared to 2013 due primarily to expenses in support of new product launches and increased expenses in certain other power brands.  marketing expenses as a percentage of net sales were 12.6% in 2014 compared to 12.5% in 2013.
sg&a expenses for 2014 were $394.8, a decrease of $21.2 compared to 2013 due primarily to lower compensation costs and employee benefit costs, lower legal costs, lower intangible asset impairment charges and lower cease use charges associated with the company's princeton, new jersey leased buildings, partially offset by higher intangible amortization expense, in part due to the lil' drug store brands acquisition.  additionally, in 2013 the company incurred costs related to the integration of the gummy dietary supplements business, which were not incurred in 2014.  sg&a as a percentage of net sales was 12.1% in 2014 compared to 13.0% in 2013.
other income and expenses equity in earnings of affiliates for 2014 was $11.6 compared to $2.8 in 2013.  the increase in earnings was due primarily to profit improvement from armand and a smaller loss at natronx.  also, in the second quarter of 2013, the company recorded an impairment charge associated with one of its affiliates.
segment results for 2015, 2014 and 2013
the company operates three reportable segments: consumer domestic, consumer international and spd.  these segments are determined based on differences in the nature of products and organizational and ownership structures.    the company also has a corporate segment.
consumer domestic        household and personal care products consumer international   primarily personal care products spd                      specialty chemical products the corporate segment income consists of equity in earnings (losses) of affiliates.  as of december 31, 2015, the company held 50% ownership interests in each of armand and armakleen, respectively, and a one-third ownership interest in natronx.  the company's equity in earnings (losses) of armand, armakleen and natronx for the twelve months ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 is included in the corporate segment.
some of the subsidiaries that are included in the consumer international segment manufacture and sell personal care products to the consumer domestic segment.  these sales are eliminated from the consumer international segment results set forth below.
(dollars in millions, except share and per share data)
segment net sales and income before income taxes for each of the three years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 were as follows:
consumer          consumer
income before income taxes(2)
(1)   intersegment sales from consumer international to consumer domestic, which are not reflected in the table, were $5.3, $1.9 and $2.2 for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
(2)   in determining income before income taxes, the company allocated interest expense and investment earnings among the segments based upon each segment's relative income from operations.
(3)   corporate segment consists of equity in earnings (losses) of affiliates from armand, armakleen and natronx.
product line revenues for external customers for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 were as follows:
total consumer domestic                   2,581.6              2,471.6              2,413.5
total consumer international                501.0                535.2                532.8
household products include deodorizing, cleaning and laundry products.  personal care products include condoms, pregnancy kits, oral care products, skin care products and gummy dietary supplements.
consumer domestic
consumer domestic net sales in 2015 were $2,581.6, an increase of $110.0 or 4.5% compared to net sales of $2,471.6 in 2014.  the components of the net sales change are the following:
net sales - consumer domestic    december 31, 2015
(1)   on september 19, 2014, the company acquired certain feminine care brands from lil' drug store products inc. net sales of the brands acquired in the lil' drug store brands acquisition are included in the company's results since the date of acquisition.
the increase in net sales in 2015 includes sales from the lil' drug store brands acquisition, higher sales from the new product launches of arm & hammer clump & seal cat litter product lines including the new lightweight variant launched in december 2014, arm & hammer liquid laundry detergent, and batiste dry shampoo and were offset by lower sales of spinbrush toothbrushes, trojan condoms and xtra laundry detergent.
(dollars in millions, except share and per share data)
since the introduction in the u.s. of unit dose laundry detergent by various manufacturers, including the company, there has been significant product and price competition in the laundry detergent category.  for example p&g markets a lower-priced line of laundry detergents that competes directly with the company's core value laundry detergents and henkel has entered the u.s. market with persil, its leading worldwide premium laundry detergent.  while it is too early to assess what impact this will have on the premium laundry category or the company's laundry detergent business, the introduction of persil could precipitate greater price competition in the category and distribution pressure with a potential adverse impact on oxiclean laundry detergent.  the company continues to evaluate and vigorously combat the pressures in the laundry detergent category through, among other things, new product introductions and increased marketing spending.  while the category grew 1.6% in 2015 after experiencing declines in 2013 and 2014, there is no assurance the category will not decline in the future and that the company will be able to offset any such decline.
delays in the company's second quarter start-up of the new vitamin manufacturing facility resulted in the need to place certain retailers on allocation, which contributed to increased retailer frustration.  by the end of the year, these issues were mainly resolved.  if the company were to lose a significant customer or if any sales of its products were to materially decrease due to customer service levels or real or perceived product quality or appearance issues, it could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition and results of operations.
consumer domestic income before income taxes for 2015 was $529.4, a $26.6 increase compared to 2014.  the increase is due primarily to the impact of higher sales volumes of $61.1 partially offset by higher sg&a costs of $24.1 and higher marketing expenses of $3.3.  higher manufacturing costs of $6.0 include vitamin manufacturing start-up costs, which were partially offset by productivity programs and lower commodity costs.
consumer domestic net sales in 2014 were $2,471.6, an increase of $58.1 or 2.4% compared to net sales of $2,413.5 in 2013.  the components of the net sales change are the following:
net sales - consumer domestic    december 31, 2014
(1)associated with net sales of the brands acquired in the lil' drug store brands acquisition since the date of acquisition.
the increase in net sales includes the new product launches of arm & hammer clump & seal clumping cat litter and oxiclean liquid laundry detergent, and higher sales of oxiclean laundry additive products, trojan products, vitafusion gummy dietary supplements and orajel oral analgesics, partially offset by lower sales in xtra laundry detergent, l'il critter gummy dietary supplements and arm & hammer powder and unit dose laundry detergents.   since the introduction in the u.s. of unit dose laundry detergent by various manufacturers, including the company, there has been significant product and price competition in the laundry detergent category.  for example p&g markets a lower-priced line of laundry detergents that competes directly with the company's core value laundry detergents and henkel has entered the u.s. market with persil, its leading worldwide premium laundry detergent.  while it is too early to assess what impact this will have on the premium laundry category or the company's laundry detergent business, the introduction of persil could precipitate greater price competition in the category and distribution pressure with a potential adverse impact on oxiclean laundry detergent.  the company continues to evaluate and vigorously combat the pressures in the laundry detergent category through, among other things, new product introductions and increased marketing spending.  while the category grew 1.6% in 2015 after experiencing declines in 2013 and 2014, there is no assurance the category will not decline in the future and that the company will be able to offset any such decline.  consumer domestic income before income taxes for 2014 was $502.8, a $1.8 increase compared to 2013.  the increase is due to higher sales volumes, manufacturing costs savings resulting from productivity improvement projects and lower sg&a costs, partially offset by the impact of introductory and higher trade promotion, coupon and marketing costs in support of new product launches and existing products, higher commodity costs and an intangible asset impairment charge.
(dollars in millions, except share and per share data)
consumer international
consumer international net sales in 2015 were $501.0, a decrease of $34.2 or 6.4% as compared to 2014.  the components of the net sales change are the following:
net sales - consumer international        december 31, 2015
foreign exchange rate fluctuations / other                 (15.5   %)
(1)   on september 19, 2014, the company acquired certain feminine care brands from lil' drug store products inc. ("lil' drug store brands acquisition"). net sales of the brands acquired in the lil' drug store brands acquisition are included in the company's results since the date of acquisition.
the decrease in consumer international net sales in 2015 was primarily due to the impact of unfavorable foreign exchange rates in 2015 compared to 2014, which offset higher sales in europe, australia and mexico.
consumer international income before income taxes was $54.5 in 2015, a decrease of $10.2 compared to 2014 due primarily to unfavorable foreign exchange rates of $20.8, an $8.9 pension settlement charge, and higher marketing costs of $7.3, as well as, higher trade promotion, commodity and marketing costs, partially offset by higher volumes of $19.7 and favorable price/mix of $6.1.
consumer international net sales in 2014 were $535.2, an increase of $2.4 or 0.5% compared to 2013.  the components of the net sales change are the following:
net sales - consumer international    december 31, 2014
foreign exchange rate fluctuations                  (2.7   %)
(1)   associated with net sales of the brands acquired in the lil' drug store brands acquisition since the date of acquisition.
consumer international income before income taxes was $64.7 in 2014, an increase of $0.2 compared to 2013 due primarily to higher volumes and prices offset by the effect of foreign exchange rate changes and higher trade promotion, commodity and marketing costs.
(dollars in millions, except share and per share data)
spd net sales were $312.2 for 2015, an increase of $21.4, or 7.3% compared to 2014.  the components of the net sales change are the following:
foreign exchange rate fluctuations                  (3.4   %)
(1)   on january 2, 2015, the company acquired certain assets of varied industries corporation. net sales are included in the company's results since the date of the vi-cor acquisition.
the sales increase in 2015 reflects the impact of the vicor acquisition, as well as, higher sales volume of performance products partially offset by lower animal nutrition products and foreign exchange fluctuations.
spd income before income taxes was $57.3 in 2015, an increase of $11.5 compared to 2014.  the increase in income before income taxes for 2015 is due primarily to higher sales volume of $18.8 and lower manufacturing costs of $10.1, partially offset by unfavorable foreign exchange rates of $6.8, sg&a of $9.1 and higher marketing expenses of $1.3.
spd net sales were $290.8 for 2014, an increase of $42.8, or 17.3%  compared to 2013.  the components of the net sales change are the following:
foreign exchange rate fluctuations                  (1.0   %)
the sales increase in 2014 reflects higher sales volume of animal nutrition products and performance products.  the animal nutrition business's strong performance is primarily related to the strength of the u.s. dairy industry, which has experienced all time high milk prices and low input commodity costs, prompting dairy producers to feed more animal nutrition products and produce higher volumes of milk per cow.
spd income before income taxes was $45.8 in 2014, an increase of $16.4 compared to 2013.  the increase in income before income taxes for 2014 is due primarily to higher sales volume and sales prices and lower sg&a costs.
corporate the corporate segment reflects the administrative costs of the production, planning and logistics functions which are included in sg&a expenses in the operating segments but are elements of cost of sales in the company's consolidated statements of income.  such amounts were $32.6, $26.7 and $31.3 for 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
also included in corporate are equity in earnings (losses) of affiliates from armand, armakleen and natronx.  the decrease in equity in earnings of affiliates in 2015 is primarily due to the $17.0 natronx impairment charge recorded in the second quarter of 2015.
(dollars in millions, except share and per share data)
liquidity and capital resources on december 4, 2015, the company replaced its former $600.0 unsecured revolving credit facility with a $1,000.0 unsecured revolving credit facility (as amended from time to time, the "credit agreement").  under the credit agreement, the company has the ability to increase its borrowing up to an additional $600.0, subject to lender commitments and certain conditions as described in the credit agreement.  borrowings under the credit agreement are available for general corporate purposes and are used to support the company's $500.0 commercial paper program (the "program").  total combined borrowing for both the credit agreement and the program may not exceed $1,000.0.  unless extended, the credit agreement will terminate and all amounts outstanding thereunder will be due and payable on december 4, 2020.
as of december 31, 2015, the company had $330.0 in cash and cash equivalents, approximately $641.0 available through the revolving facility under its credit agreement and its commercial paper program, and a commitment increase feature under the credit agreement that enables the company to borrow up to an additional $600.0, subject to lending commitments of the participating lenders and certain conditions as described in the credit agreement.  to preserve its liquidity, the company invests its cash primarily in prime money market funds and short term bank deposits.
during the second quarter of 2015, the company liquidated its subsidiary in the netherlands and decided that the earnings of its subsidiary in france would no longer be permanently reinvested outside of the u.s. as a result, the company repatriated cash of $93.0. the funds repatriated were used to reduce outstanding commercial paper. as a result of liquidating its subsidiary in the netherlands, the company recorded a tax benefit of $2.7 in the consolidated statement of income and a deferred tax benefit of $11.6 through accumulated other comprehensive income in the second quarter of 2015. as of december 31, 2015, there remains $136.3 of cash and cash equivalents held by the foreign subsidiaries that is considered to be permanently reinvested outside of the u.s. these funds are not needed for operations in the u.s. if they were, the company would be required to accrue and pay taxes in the u.s. to repatriate these funds. the company's intent is to permanently reinvest these funds outside the u.s., and the company does not currently expect to repatriate them to fund u.s. operations.
on december 9, 2014, the company closed an underwritten public offering of $300.0 aggregate principal amount of 2.45% senior notes due december 15, 2019 (the "2019 notes").  the 2019 notes were issued under the first supplemental indenture (the "first supplemental indenture"), dated december 9, 2014, to the indenture dated december 9, 2014 (the "base indenture"), between the company and wells fargo bank, n.a., as trustee.  interest on the 2019 notes is payable semi-annually, beginning june 15, 2015.  the 2019 notes will mature on december 15, 2019, unless earlier retired or redeemed pursuant to the terms of the first supplemental indenture.
on september 26, 2012, the company closed an underwritten public offering of $400.0 aggregate principal amount of 2.875% senior notes due 2022 (the "2022 notes").  the 2022 notes were issued under the second supplemental indenture, dated september 26, 2012 (the "bny mellon second supplemental indenture") to the indenture dated december 15, 2010 (the "bny mellon base indenture") between the company and the bank of new york mellon trust company, n.a., as trustee.  interest on the 2022 notes is payable semi-annually, beginning april 1, 2013.  the 2022 notes will mature on october 1, 2022, unless earlier retired or redeemed pursuant to the terms of the bny mellon second supplemental indenture.
on december 15, 2010, the company completed an underwritten public offering of $250.0 aggregate principal amount of 3.35% senior notes due 2015 (the "2015 notes").  on december 15, 2015, the 2015 notes matured.  the 2015 notes and accrued interest were repaid using primarily commercial paper borrowings.
the current economic environment presents risks that could have adverse consequences for the company's liquidity.  (see "unfavorable economic conditions could adversely affect demand for the company's products" under "risk factors" in item 1a of this annual report.)  the company does not anticipate that current economic conditions will adversely affect its ability to comply with the financial covenant in the credit agreement because the company currently is, and anticipates that it will continue to be, in compliance with the maximum leverage ratio requirement under the credit agreement.
on january 28, 2015, the board authorized a new share repurchase program, under which the company may repurchase up to $500 in shares of common stock (the "2015 share repurchase program").  the 2015 share repurchase program replaced the 2014 share repurchase program.  the company also continued its evergreen share repurchase program, authorized by the board on
(dollars in millions, except share and per share data)
january 29, 2014, under which the company may repurchase, from time to time, common stock to reduce or eliminate dilution associated with issuances of common stock under the company's incentive plans.
in 2015, the company purchased approximately 4.4 million shares of common stock for $363.1, of which $88.0 was purchased under the evergreen share repurchase program and $275.1 was purchased under the 2015 share repurchase program, including an accelerated share repurchase contract with a commercial bank to repurchase 2.6 million shares of common stock at a cost of $215.0.
in connection with the company's 2015 share repurchase program and its evergreen repurchase program, on february 8, 2016, the company initiated open market purchases with the objective of purchasing up to a total of $200. the company anticipates all of the purchases will be completed during the first quarter of 2016.
the company anticipates that its cash from operations, together with its current borrowing capacity, will be sufficient to meet its capital expenditure program costs, which are expected to be approximately $55.0 in 2016, fund its share repurchase programs to the extent implemented by management and pay dividends at the latest approved rate.  cash, together with the company's current borrowing capacity, may be used for acquisitions that would complement the company's existing product lines or geographic markets.  the company does not have any mandatory fixed rate debt principal payments in 2016.
net cash provided by operating activities   $606.1                    $540.3                    $499.6
net cash used in investing activities       $(141.2           )       $(288.4           )       $(77.1            )
net cash used in financing activities       $(535.0           )       $(306.6           )       $(259.8           )
net cash provided by operating activities - the company's primary source of liquidity is the strong cash flow provided by operating activities, which is dependent on the level of net income and changes in working capital.  the company's net cash provided by operating activities in 2015 increased by $65.8 to $606.1 compared to 2014 due to higher cash earnings (net income plus non-cash expenses such as depreciation, amortization, non-cash compensation and asset impairment charges) and lower working capital.  the decrease in working capital is primarily due to lower accounts receivable as a result of factoring $37.8 to a bank and higher accounts payable and accrued expenses due to the timing of invoice payments.  this was partially offset by higher inventory in support of higher sales.  the company measures working capital effectiveness based on its cash conversion cycle.  the company's cash conversion cycle (defined as days in accounts receivable plus days in inventory less days in accounts payable) which is calculated using a 2 period average method, improved 5 days from the prior year amount of 32 days to 27 days at december 31, 2015 due primarily to improved accounts receivable of 4 days and accounts payable of 2 days.  inventory increased 1 day from 49 to 50 days.  the improvement in the company's cash conversion cycle reflects the company's continued focus on reducing its average working capital requirements.
net cash used in investing activities - net cash used in investing activities during 2015 was $141.2, principally reflecting $74.9 for the vi-cor acquisition and $61.8 for property, plant and equipment expenditures, in part due to the company's new gummy dietary supplement manufacturing facility in york, pennsylvania.
net cash used in financing activities - net cash used in financing activities 2015 was $535.0, primarily reflecting $363.1 of repurchases of common stock, $175.3 of cash dividend payments and repayment of a $250.0 bond that matured in 2015, partially offset by higher commercial paper and short term borrowings of $211.7 and $44.3 of proceeds and tax benefits from stock option exercises.
net cash provided by operating activities - the company's net cash provided by operating activities in 2014 increased $40.7 to $540.3 compared to 2013 due to higher net income and a slight increase in working capital.  net cash provided by operating activities in 2013 was negatively affected by the deferred payment of the fourth quarter 2012 federal tax obligation of $36.0 as allowed by the irs due to the impact of hurricane sandy.
(dollars in millions, except share and per share data)
net cash used in investing activities - net cash used in investing activities during 2014 was $288.4, principally reflecting the $215.7 paid for the lil' drug store brands acquisition and $70.5 of property, plant and equipment expenditures.
net cash (used in) provided by financing activities - net cash used in financing activities during 2014 was $306.6, primarily reflecting $478.8 of repurchases of common stock, $167.5 of cash dividend payments and $6.7 net repayments of short-term debt offset by an increase in long-term debt of $299.8 for the 2019 notes, and $51.2 of proceeds and tax benefits from stock option exercises.
financial covenant
"consolidated ebitda" (referred to below as "adjusted ebitda" and defined in the credit agreement that was revised in december 2015) is a component of the financial covenant contained in the credit agreement.  the financial covenant includes a leverage ratio (total funded debt to adjusted ebitda), which, if not met, could result in an event of default and trigger the early acceleration of amounts owing under the credit agreement and the early termination of commitments under the credit agreement.  adjusted ebitda may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other entities and should not be considered as an alternative to cash flows from operating activities determined in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the u.s.  the company's leverage ratio for the twelve months ended december 31, 2015 was 1.4, which is below the maximum of 3.5 permitted under the credit agreement.
the reconciliation of net cash provided by operating activities (the most directly comparable u.s. gaap financial measure) to adjusted ebitda for 2015 is as follows:
net cash provided by operating activities         $606.1
current income tax provision                            201.0
excess tax benefit on stock options exercised            15.8
change in working capital and other liabilities         (38.6   )
adjusted ebitda (per credit agreement)                 $813.3
commitments as of december 31, 2015
the table below summarizes the company's material contractual obligations and commitments as of december 31, 2015.
debt obligations of foreign subsidiaries                2.7                 2.7                 0.0                 0.0                 0.0
other long-term liabilities letters of credit and performance bonds(2)              4.1                 4.1                 0.0                 0.0                 0.0
pension contributions(3)                                2.3                 2.3                 0.0                 0.0                 0.0
(2)   letters of credit with several banks guarantee payment for items such as insurance claims in the event of the company's insolvency. performance bonds are principally for required municipal property improvements.
(dollars in millions, except share and per share data)
(3)   pension contributions are based on actuarial assessments of government regulated employer funding requirements. these requirements are not projected beyond one year since they fluctuate with the change in plan assets, assumptions and demographics.
(4)   the company has outstanding purchase obligations with suppliers at the end of 2015 for raw, packaging and other materials and services in the normal course of business. these purchase obligation amounts represent only those items which are based on agreements that are enforceable and legally binding, and do not represent total anticipated purchases.
(5)   other includes payments for stadium naming rights for a period of 20 years until december 2032.
off-balance sheet arrangements the company does not have off-balance sheet financing or unconsolidated special purpose entities.
other items market risk concentration of risk a group of three customers accounted for approximately 35%, 36% and 35% of consolidated net sales in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively, of which a single customer, wal-mart, accounted for approximately 24%, 25% and 24% in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
interest rate risk the company had outstanding total debt at december 31, 2015, of $1,050.0, net of debt issuance costs, of which 66% has a fixed weighted average interest rate of 2.69% and the remaining 34% constituted principally commercial paper issued by the company that currently has a weighted average interest rate of less than 0.8%.  in december 2014, the company entered into interest rate swap agreements on an aggregate notional amount of $300.0 to convert the fixed interest rate on the 2019 notes to a floating rate of three-month libor plus a fixed spread of 0.756%.
other market risks the company is also subject to market risks relating to its diesel fuel costs, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, and changes in the market price of the common stock.  refer to note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for a discussion of these market risks and the derivatives used to manage the risks associated with changing diesel fuel prices, foreign exchange rates and the price of the company's common stock.