item 1a. risk factors as a large company operating in a complex industry, we encounter a variety of risks and uncertainties that could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, results of operations or financial condition. you should carefully consider each of the risks and uncertainties discussed below, in management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition and information contained elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. these risks and uncertainties are not the only ones we face. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect us.
our business is subject to substantial government regulation, as well as new laws or regulations or changes in existing laws or regulations that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
our business is regulated at the federal, state, local and international levels. the laws and rules governing our business and related interpretations, including, among others, those associated with health care reform, are increasing in number and complexity, are subject to frequent change and can be inconsistent or in conflict with each other. as a public company with global operations, we are subject to the laws of multiple jurisdictions and the rules and regulations of various governing bodies, such as those related to financial and other disclosures, corporate governance, privacy, data protection, labor and employment, consumer protection, tax and anti-corruption.
we must identify, assess and respond to new trends in the legislative and regulatory environment, as well as comply with the various existing regulations applicable to our business. existing or future laws, rules, regulatory interpretations or judgments could force us to change how we conduct our business, restrict revenue and enrollment growth, increase health care, technology and administrative costs including capital requirements, and require enhancements to our compliance infrastructure and internal controls environment. existing or future laws and rules also could require us to take other actions such as changing our business practices, thereby increasing our liability in federal and state courts for coverage determinations, contract interpretation and other actions.
in the foreseeable future, the impact of existing regulations and future regulatory and legislative changes could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows by, among other things:
increasing health care or other benefit costs through enhanced or guaranteed coverage requirements;
increasing operating costs through the imposition of new regulatory requirements, increased taxes and other financial assessments;
restricting our ability to increase premium rates to meet costs (including denial or delays in approval and implementation of those rates);
limiting the level of margin we can earn on premiums through mandated minimum medical loss ratios and required rebates in the event we do not meet mandated minimum ratios;
restricting our ability to participate in and derive revenue from government-sponsored programs; and
specifically, in the united states, significant changes are occurring in the health care system as a result of health care reform. substantially all of the key provisions of health care reform are now effective. while federal agencies have published interim and final regulations with respect to certain requirements, many issues remain uncertain. it is difficult to predict the continuing impact of health care reform on our business due to the political environment, the continuing development of implementing regulations and interpretive guidance, legal challenges and possible future legislative changes. we are unable to predict how these events will develop and what impact they will have on health care reform, and in turn, on our business including, but not limited to, our relationships with current and future customers, producers and health care providers, products, services, processes and technology.
further, if we fail to effectively implement or adjust our strategic and operational initiatives, such as by reducing operating costs, adjusting premium pricing or benefit design or transforming our business model in response to health care reform and any other future legislative or regulatory changes, this failure may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, including, but not limited to, our ability to maintain the value of our goodwill and other intangible assets.
our insurance and hmo subsidiaries must be licensed by and are subject to the regulations of the jurisdictions in which they conduct business. for example, health maintenance organizations and insurance companies are regulated under specific state laws and regulations and other health care-related regulations. state regulations mandate minimum capital or restricted cash reserve requirements and subject us to assessments under guaranty fund laws and related regulations for certain obligations to claimants of insolvent insurance companies that would expose our business to the risk of insolvency of a competitor in these states. we also participate in the emerging private exchange marketplace. the extent to which states may issue regulations that apply to private exchanges remains uncertain.
in addition to the regulations discussed above, we are required to obtain and maintain insurance and other regulatory approvals to market many of our products, increase prices for certain regulated products and consummate some of our acquisitions and dispositions. delays in obtaining or failure to obtain or maintain these approvals could reduce our revenue or increase our costs.
back to contents part i item 1a. risk factors the health care industry is also regularly subject to negative media attention, including as a result of the political environment and the ongoing debate concerning health care reform. such publicity may adversely affect our stock price and reputation in certain markets.
for more information on regulation, see "business – regulation" in part i, item 1 of this form 10-k. see also the description of health care reform's minimum medical loss ratio and customer rebate requirements in the "business – global health care" section beginning on page 3 of this form 10-k.
we face price competition and other pressures that could result in premiums that are insufficient to cover the cost of the health care services delivered to our customers and inadequate medical claims reserves.
while health plans compete on the basis of many service and quality-related factors, we expect that price will continue to be a significant basis of competition. our client and customer contracts are subject to negotiation as clients and customers seek to contain their costs, including by reducing benefits offered or elected. alternatively, our clients and customers may purchase different types of products that are less profitable, or move to a competitor to obtain more favorable pricing. each of these events would likely negatively impact our financial results.
further, federal and state regulatory agencies may restrict our ability to implement changes in premium rates. for example, health care reform includes an annual rate review requirement to prohibit unreasonable rate increases in the individual and small group health insurance markets and established minimum medical loss ratios for certain plans. fiscal concerns regarding the continued viability of programs such as medicare may cause decreasing reimbursement rates, delays in premium payments or insufficient increases in reimbursement rates for government-sponsored programs in which we participate. any limitation on our ability to maintain or increase our premium or reimbursement levels, or a significant loss of membership resulting from our need to increase or maintain premium or reimbursement levels, could adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
in addition, factors such as business consolidations, strategic alliances, legislation and marketing practices will likely continue to create pressure to contain or otherwise restrict premium price increases, despite increasing medical costs. for example, the gramm-leach-bliley act gives banks and other financial institutions the ability to be affiliated with insurance companies. this may lead to new competitors with significant financial resources. our product margins and growth depend, in part, on our ability to compete effectively in our markets, set rates appropriately in highly competitive markets to keep or increase our market share, increase membership as planned, and avoid losing accounts with favorable medical cost experience while retaining or increasing membership in accounts with unfavorable medical cost experience.
premiums in the health care business are generally set for one-year periods and are priced well in advance of the date on which the contract commences. our revenue on medicare policies is based on bids submitted mid-year in the year before the contract year. although we base the premiums we charge and our medicare bids on our estimate of future health care costs over the contract period, actual costs may exceed what we estimate and charge in premiums due to factors such as medical cost inflation, higher than expected utilization of medical services, new or costly drugs, treatments and technology, and membership mix. our health care costs also are affected by external events that we cannot forecast or project and over which we have little or no control, such as influenza-related health care costs, epidemics, pandemics, terrorist attacks or other man-made disasters, natural disasters or other events that materially increase utilization of medical and/or other covered services, as well as changes in members' health care utilization patterns and provider billing practices. our profitability depends, in part, on our ability to accurately predict, price for and effectively manage future health care costs through underwriting criteria, provider contracting, utilization management and product design.
future performance of our business will depend on our ability to execute our strategic and operational initiatives effectively.
the future performance of our business will depend in large part on our ability to effectively implement and execute our strategic and operational initiatives including: (1) driving growth in targeted geographies, product lines, customer buying segments and distribution channels; (2) improving our strategic and financial flexibility; and (3) pursuing additional opportunities in high-growth markets. successfully executing these initiatives depends on a number of factors, including our ability to:
differentiate our products and services from those of our competitors;
grow our commercial product portfolio, including managing the uncertainties associated with mix and volume of business on public health insurance exchanges;
attract, develop and maintain collaborative relationships with a sufficient number of qualified partners, including physicians and other health care providers in an environment of growing shortages of primary care professionals and consolidation within the provider industry;
back to contents part i item 1a. risk factors
transition health care providers from volume-based fee for service arrangements to a value-based system;
improve medical cost competitiveness in targeted markets;
reduce our global health care operating expenses to achieve sustainable benefits.
if these initiatives fail or are not executed effectively, it could harm our consolidated financial position and results of operations. for example, efforts to reduce operating expenses while maintaining the necessary resources and talent pool are important and, if not managed effectively, could have long-term effects on our business by negatively impacting our ability to drive improvements in the quality of our products and/or services. for our strategic initiatives to succeed, we must effectively integrate our operations, including our acquired businesses, actively work to ensure consistency throughout the organization, and promote a global mind-set and a focus on individual customers. if we fail to do so, our business may be unable to grow as planned, or the result of expansion may be unsatisfactory. in addition, the current competitive, economic and regulatory environment requires our organization to adapt rapidly and nimbly to new opportunities and challenges. we will be unable to do so if we do not make important decisions quickly, define our appetite for risk specifically, implement new governance, managerial and organizational processes smoothly and communicate roles and responsibilities clearly.
we face risks related to litigation, regulatory audits and investigations.
we are routinely involved in numerous claims, lawsuits, regulatory audits, investigations and other legal matters arising in the ordinary course of business, including that of administering and insuring employee benefit programs. these could include benefit claims, breach of contract actions, tort claims, claims disputes under federal or state laws and disputes regarding reinsurance arrangements, employment and employment discrimination-related suits, antitrust claims, employee benefit claims, wage and hour claims, tax, privacy, intellectual property and whistle blower claims and real estate disputes. in addition, we have incurred and likely will continue to incur liability for practices and claims related to our health care business, such as marketing misconduct, failure to timely or appropriately pay for or provide health care, provider network structure, poor outcomes for care delivered or arranged, provider disputes including disputes over compensation or contractual provisions, and claims related to our administration of self-funded business. there are currently, and may be in the future, attempts to bring class action lawsuits against the industry or, absent a class action, individual plaintiffs may bring multiple claims regarding the same subject matter against us and other companies in our industry.
with respect to our global operations, contractual rights, laws and regulations may be subject to interpretation or uncertainty to a greater degree than in the u.s., and therefore subject us to disputes by customers, governmental authorities or others.
court decisions and legislative activity may increase our exposure for any of these types of claims. in some cases, substantial non-economic or punitive damages may be sought. we seek to procure insurance coverage to cover some of these potential liabilities. however, certain potential liabilities may not be covered by insurance, insurers may dispute coverage or the amount of insurance may be insufficient to cover the entire damages awarded. in addition, certain types of damages, such as punitive damages, may not be covered by insurance, and insurance coverage for all or certain forms of liability may become unavailable or prohibitively expensive in the future. it is possible that the resolution of current or future legal matters and claims could result in losses material to our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
we are frequently the subject of regulatory market conduct and other reviews, audits and investigations by state insurance and health and welfare departments, attorneys general, cms and the oig and comparable authorities in foreign jurisdictions. with respect to our medicare advantage business, cms and oig perform audits to determine a health plan's compliance with federal regulations and contractual obligations, including compliance with proper coding practices and fraud and abuse enforcement practices through audits designed to detect and correct improper payments. there also continues to be heightened review by federal and state regulators of business and reporting practices within the health care and disability insurance industry and increased scrutiny by other state and federal governmental agencies (such as state attornies general) empowered to bring criminal actions in circumstances that could have previously given rise only to civil or administrative proceedings. these regulatory audits or reviews or actions by other governmental agencies could result in changes to our business practices, retroactive adjustments to certain premiums, significant fines, penalties, civil liabilities, criminal liabilities or other sanctions, including restrictions on our ability to market certain products or engage in business-related activities, that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operation, financial condition and liquidity.
in january 2016, cms issued to the company a notice of imposition of immediate intermediate sanctions ("the notice"). the notice requires the company to suspend certain enrollment and marketing activities for its medicare advantage-prescription drug and medicare part d plans. the company is working to resolve these matters as quickly as possible. if, however, the company is not able to address matters arising from the notice in a timely and satisfactory manner, or if there are any changes in eligibility for government payments for our programs that are not resolved in a timely and satisfactory manner, the impact to our 2017 medicare customer base and consolidated revenues, results of operations and cash flows could be material.
a description of material pending legal actions and other legal and regulatory matters is included in note 23 to our consolidated financial statements included in this form 10-k. the outcome of litigation and other legal or regulatory matters is always uncertain, and outcomes that are not justified by the evidence or existing law can occur.
back to contents part i item 1a. risk factors there are various risks associated with participating in government-sponsored programs, such as medicare, including dependence upon government funding, changes occurring as a result of health care reform, compliance with government contracts and increased regulatory oversight.
through our government business, we contract with cms and various state governmental agencies to provide managed health care services including medicare advantage plans and medicare-approved prescription drug plans. revenues from medicare programs are dependent, in whole or in part, upon annual funding from the federal government through cms and/or applicable state or local governments. funding for these programs is dependent on many factors outside our control including general economic conditions, continuing government efforts to contain health care costs and budgetary constraints at the federal or applicable state or local level and general political issues and priorities. these entities generally have the right to not renew or cancel their contracts with us on short notice without cause or if funds are not available. unanticipated changes in funding, such as the application of sequestration by the federal or state governments, could substantially reduce our revenues and profitability.
the medicare program has been the subject of regulatory reform initiatives, including health care reform. the premium rates paid to medicare advantage plans are established by contract, although the rates differ depending on a combination of factors, many of which are outside our control. health care reform ties a portion of each medicare advantage plan's reimbursement to the plan's "star rating" by cms, with those plans receiving a rating of three or more stars eligible for quality-based bonus payments. the star rating system considers various measures adopted by cms, including, among other things, quality of care, preventative services, chronic illness management and customer satisfaction. beginning in 2015, plans must have a star rating of four or higher to qualify for bonus payments. our medicare advantage plans' operating results, premium revenue and benefit offerings are likely to continue to be significantly determined by their star ratings. if we do not maintain or continue to improve our star ratings, our plans may not be eligible for full-level quality bonuses. that outcome could adversely affect the benefits that our plans can offer as well as reduce our customer base and/or margins.
contracts with cms and the various state governmental agencies contain certain provisions regarding data submission, provider network maintenance, quality measures, claims payment, continuity of care, call center performance and other requirements. if we fail to comply with these requirements, we may be subject to fines or other penalties that could impact our profitability.
health care reform required establishing health insurance exchanges for individuals and small employers. insurers participating on the health insurance exchanges are required to offer a minimum level of benefits and comply with requirements with respect to premium rates and coverage limitations. our participation in these exchanges involves uncertainties associated with mix and volume of business and could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. in addition, the risk corridor, reinsurance, and risk adjustment provisions of health care reform, established to apportion risk for insurers, may not be effective in appropriately mitigating the financial risks related to our products. for example, there continues to be uncertainty around cms' ability to pay risk corridor receivables. in october 2015, cms announced it would pay approximately 13% of insurers' 2014 coverage year risk corridor receivables. the appropriations bill signed by president obama in december 2015 again restricts the sources of funding hhs may use to make risk corridor payments.
in addition, any failure to comply with various state and federal health care laws and regulations, including those directed at preventing fraud and abuse in government funded programs, could result in investigations or litigation, such as actions under the federal false claims act and similar whistleblower statutes under state laws. this could subject us to fines, limits on expansion, restrictions or exclusions from programs or other agreements with federal or state governmental agencies that could adversely impact our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
in addition, our medicare advantage and medicare prescription drug businesses face a number of other risks including potential uncollectible receivables resulting from processing and/or verifying enrollment, inadequate underwriting assumptions, inability to receive and process correct information or increased medical or pharmaceutical costs. actual results may be materially different than our assumptions and estimates regarding these complex and wide-ranging programs that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
if we fail to develop and maintain satisfactory relationships with physicians, hospitals and other health care providers, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected.
we directly and indirectly contract with physicians, hospitals and other health care professionals and facilities for the provision of health care services to our customers. our results of operations are substantially dependent on our ability to contract for these services at competitive prices. in any particular market, physicians, hospitals and health care providers could refuse to contract, demand higher payments or take other actions that could result in higher medical costs or less desirable products for our customers. in some markets, certain providers, particularly hospitals, physician/hospital organizations and multi-specialty physician groups, may have significant or controlling market positions that could result in a diminished bargaining position for us. if providers refuse to contract with us, use their market position to negotiate favorable contracts or place us at a competitive disadvantage, our ability to market products or to be profitable in those areas could be materially and adversely affected.
our ability to develop and maintain satisfactory relationships with health care providers also may be negatively impacted by other factors not associated with us, such as changes in medicare and/or medicaid reimbursement levels, increasing revenue and other pressures on health care providers and consolidation activity among hospitals, physician groups and health care providers. for example, ongoing
back to contents part i item 1a. risk factors reductions by cms and state governments in amounts payable to providers, particularly hospitals, for services provided to medicare and medicaid enrollees may exacerbate the cost shift to private payors, thereby adversely impacting our ability to maintain or develop new cost-effective health care provider contracts or result in a loss of revenues or customers.
recent and continuing consolidation among physicians, hospitals and other health care providers, development of accountable care organizations and other changes in the organizational structures that physicians, hospitals and health care providers choose may change the way these providers interact with us and may change the competitive landscape in which we operate. in some instances, these organizations may compete directly with us, potentially affecting the way that we price our products or causing us to incur increased costs if we change our operations to be more competitive. our focus on developing collaborative accountable care organizations and independent practice associations or similar business arrangements with physicians and other health care providers may not achieve intended benefits that could adversely affect our strategy or prospects.
out-of-network providers are not limited in the amount they bill by any agreement with us. while benefit plans place limits on the amount of charges that will be considered for reimbursement, such limitations can be difficult to enforce. as a result, the outcome of disputes where we do not have a provider contract may cause us to pay higher medical or other benefit costs than we projected.
we are dependent on the success of our relationships with third parties for various services and functions, including, but not limited to, certain pharmacy benefit management services.
to improve operating costs, productivity and efficiencies, we contract with third parties for the provision of specific services, such as pharmacy benefit management services, information technology, medical management services, call center and claim services. our operations may be adversely affected if these third parties fail to satisfy their obligations to us or if the arrangement is terminated in whole or in part or if there is a contractual dispute between us and these third parties. even though contracts are intended to provide certain protections, we have limited control over the actions of third parties. for example, noncompliance with any privacy or security laws and regulations or any security breach involving one of our third-party vendors or a dispute between us and a third party vendor related to our arrangement could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and reputation. in addition, with respect to services or functions outsourced to third parties in foreign jurisdictions, we also are exposed to risks inherent in conducting business outside of the united states.
outsourcing also may require us to change our existing operations, adopt new processes for managing these service providers and/or redistribute responsibilities to realize the potential productivity and operational efficiencies. if there are delays or difficulties in changing business processes or our third party vendors do not perform as expected, we may not realize, or not realize on a timely basis, the anticipated economic and other benefits of these relationships. this could result in substantial costs or regulatory compliance issues, divert management's attention from other strategic activities, negatively affect employee morale or create other operational or financial problems for us. terminating or transitioning in whole or in part arrangements with key vendors could result in additional costs or penalties, risks of operational delays or potential errors and control issues during the termination or transition phase. we may not be able to find an alternative vendor in a timely manner or on acceptable terms. if there is an interruption in business or loss of access to data resulting from a termination or transition in services, we may not be able to meet the demands of our customers and, in turn, our business and results of operations could be adversely impacted.
acquisitions, joint ventures and other transactions involve risks and we may not realize the expected benefits because of integration difficulties, underperformance relative to our expectations and other challenges.
as part of our growth strategy, we regularly consider and enter into strategic transactions, including mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures, licensing arrangements and other relationships (collectively referred to as "transactions"), with the expectation that these transactions will result in various benefits. our ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of these transactions is subject to numerous uncertainties and risks, including our ability to integrate operations, resources and systems in an efficient and effective manner. we could also face challenges in implementing business plans; changes in laws and regulations or conditions imposed by regulations applicable to the business; retaining key employees; and general competitive factors in the marketplace. these events could result in increased costs, decreases in expected revenues, earnings or cash flow, and goodwill or other intangible asset impairment charges. further, we may finance transactions by issuing common stock for some or all of the purchase price that could dilute the ownership interests of our shareholders, or by incurring additional debt that could impact our ability to access capital in the future.
in addition, effective internal controls are necessary to provide reliable and accurate financial reports and to mitigate the risk of fraud. the integration of businesses is likely to cause increasing complexity in our systems and internal controls and make them more difficult to manage. any difficulties in assimilating businesses into our control system could cause us to fail to meet our financial reporting obligations. ineffective internal controls also could cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information that could negatively impact the trading price of our stock and our access to capital.
as a global company, we face political, legal, operational, regulatory, economic and other risks that present challenges and could negatively affect our multinational operations and/or our long-term growth.
back to contents part i item 1a. risk factors and other risks, including government intervention that we do not face in our u.s. operations. the global nature of our business and operations may present challenges including, but not limited to, those arising from:
varying regional and geopolitical business conditions and demands;
effectively managing our partner relationships in countries outside of the united states;
political instability or acts of war, terrorism, natural disasters or pandemics in locations where we operate; and
general economic and political conditions.
these factors may increase in significance as we continue to expand globally, and any one of these challenges could negatively affect our operations or long-term growth. for example, due to the concentration of our international business in south korea, the global supplemental benefits segment is exposed to potential losses resulting from economic, regulatory and geopolitical developments in that country, as well as foreign currency movements affecting the south korean currency, that could have a significant impact on the segment's results and our consolidated financial results.
international operations also require us to devote significant resources to implement controls and systems in new markets to comply, and to ensure that our vendors and partners comply, with u.s. and foreign laws prohibiting bribery, corruption and money laundering, in addition to other regulations regarding, among other things, our products, direct-to-consumer communications, customer privacy and data protection. violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines, criminal sanctions against us, our officers or employees, restrictions or outright prohibitions on the conduct of our business, and significant reputational harm. we must regularly reassess the size, capability and location of our global infrastructure and make appropriate changes, and must have effective change management processes and internal controls in place to address changes in our business and operations. our success depends, in part, on our ability to anticipate these risks and manage these difficulties. our failure to comply with laws and regulations governing our conduct outside the united states or to establish constructive relations with non-u.s. regulators could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and long-term growth.
our business depends on our ability to effectively invest in, implement improvements to and properly maintain the uninterrupted operation and data integrity of our information technology and other business systems.
our business is highly dependent on maintaining both effective information systems and the integrity and timeliness of the data we use to serve our customers and health care professionals and to operate our business. if our data were found to be inaccurate or unreliable due to fraud or other error, or if we or our third-party service providers were to fail to maintain information systems and data integrity effectively, we could experience operational disruptions that may impact our customers and health care professionals and hinder our ability to establish appropriate pricing for products and services, retain and attract customers, establish reserves and report financial results timely and accurately and maintain regulatory compliance, among other things.
our information technology strategy and execution are critical to our continued success. increasing regulatory and legislative mandated changes will place additional demands on our information technology infrastructure that could have a direct impact on available resources for projects more directly tied to strategic initiatives. in addition, recent trends toward greater consumer engagement in health care require new and enhanced technologies including more sophisticated applications for mobile devices. we must continue to invest in long-term solutions that will enable us to anticipate customer needs and expectations, enhance the customer experience, act as a differentiator in the market and protect against cybersecurity risks and threats. our success is dependent, in large part, on maintaining the effectiveness of existing technology systems and continuing to deliver and enhance technology systems that support our business processes in a cost-efficient and resource-efficient manner. we must also develop new systems to meet current market standards and keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, evolving industry and regulatory standards and customer needs. failure to do so may impede our ability to deliver services at a competitive cost. further, because system development projects are long-term in nature, they may be more costly than expected to complete and may not deliver the expected benefits upon completion.
in addition, our business is highly dependent upon our ability to perform in an efficient and uninterrupted fashion, necessary business functions, such as claims processing and payment, internet support and customer call centers, and processing new and renewal business.
back to contents part i item 1a. risk factors unavailability, cyber-attack or other failure of one or more of our information technology or other systems could cause slower response times, resulting in claims not being processed as quickly as clients or customers desire, decreased levels of client or customer service and satisfaction, and harm to our reputation. because our information technology and other systems interface with and depend on third-party systems, we could experience service denials if demand for such service exceeds capacity or a third-party system fails or experiences an interruption. if sustained or repeated, such business interruptions, systems failures or service denials could have material adverse effects on our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
as a large health services company, we are subject to cyber-attacks. if we are unable to prevent or contain the effects of any such attacks, we may suffer exposure to substantial liability, reputational harm, loss of revenue or other damages.
our business depends on our clients' and customers' willingness to entrust us with their health-related and other sensitive personal information. computer systems may be vulnerable to physical break-ins, computer viruses or malware, programming errors, attacks by third parties or similar disruptive problems. we have been, and will likely continue to be, the target of computer viruses or other malicious codes, unauthorized access, cyber-attacks or other computer-related penetrations. as we increase the amount of personal information that we store and share digitally, our exposure to data security and related cybersecurity risks increases including the risk of undetected attacks, damage, loss or unauthorized access or misappropriation of proprietary or personal information, and the cost of attempting to protect against these risks also increases. we have implemented security technologies, processes and procedures to protect consumer identity; however, there are no assurances that such measures will be effective against all types of breaches. the techniques used change frequently or are often not recognized until launched, because cyber-attacks can originate from a wide variety of sources including third parties such as external service providers. those parties may also attempt to fraudulently induce employees, customers or other users of our systems to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to our data or that of our customers. in addition, while we have certain standards for all vendors that provide us services, our vendors, and in turn, their own service providers, may become subject to a security breach as a result of their failure to perform in accordance with contractual arrangements.
the costs to eliminate or address security threats and vulnerabilities before or after a cyber-incident could be significant. our remediation efforts may not be successful and could result in interruptions, delays, or cessation of service and loss of existing or potential customers.
in addition, breaches of our security measures and the unauthorized dissemination of sensitive personal information or proprietary information or confidential information about us, our customers or other third-parties could expose our customers' private information and our customers to the risk of financial or medical identity theft. unauthorized dissemination of confidential and proprietary information about our business and strategy also could negatively affect the achievement of our strategic initiatives. the occurrence of such events would also negatively affect our ability to compete, others' trust in us, our reputation, membership and revenues and expose us to mandatory disclosure to the media, litigation and other enforcement proceedings, material fines, penalties and/or remediation costs, and compensatory, special, punitive and statutory damages, consent orders and other adverse actions, any of which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition or liquidity.
if we fail to comply with applicable privacy, security, and data laws, regulations and standards, our business and reputation could be materially and adversely affected.
the collection, maintenance, protection, use, transmission, disclosure and disposal of sensitive personal information are regulated at the federal, state, international and industry levels and requirements are imposed on us by contracts with clients. in some cases, such laws, rules, regulations and contractual requirements also apply to our vendors and require us to obtain written assurances of their compliance with such requirements or may hold us liable for any violations by our vendors. international laws, rules and regulations governing the use and disclosure of such information are generally more stringent than in the united states, and they vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. we also are subject to various other consumer protection laws that regulate our communications with customers.
these laws, rules, and contractual requirements are subject to change. compliance with new privacy, security and data laws, regulations and requirements may result in increased operating costs, and may constrain or require us to alter our business model or operations. for example, the hitech amendments to hipaa may further restrict our ability to collect, disclose and use sensitive personal information and may impose additional compliance requirements on our business. while we completed the transition to icd-10, if unforeseen circumstances arise, it is possible that we could be exposed to investigations and allegations of noncompliance which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. in addition, if some providers continue to use icd-9 codes on claims, we have to reject such claims, leading to claim resubmissions, increased call volume and provider and customer dissatisfaction. further, providers may use icd-10 codes differently than they used icd-9 codes in the past, potentially resulting in lost revenues under risk adjustment. if we did not adequately implement the new icd-10 coding set, or if providers in our network did not adequately transition to the new icd-10 coding set, our results of operations, financial position and cash flows may be materially adversely affected.
effective prevention, detection and control systems are critical to maintain regulatory compliance and prevent fraud and failure of these systems could adversely affect us.
back to contents part i item 1a. risk factors including kickbacks for referral of members, billing for unnecessary medical services, improper marketing, and violations of patient privacy rights. the regulations and contractual requirements applicable to us are complex and subject to change. in addition, ongoing vigorous law enforcement, a highly technical regulatory scheme and the dodd-frank act legislation and related regulations being adopted to enhance regulators' enforcement powers and whistleblower incentives and protections mean that our compliance efforts in this area will continue to require significant resources. failure of our prevention, detection or control systems related to regulatory compliance or the failure of employees to comply with our internal policies including data systems security or unethical conduct by managers and employees, could adversely affect our reputation and also expose us to litigation and other proceedings, fines and penalties.
in addition, provider or customer fraud that is not prevented or detected could impact our medical costs or those of our self-insured customers. further, during an economic downturn, we may experience increased fraudulent claims volume that may lead to additional costs due to an increase in disputed claims and litigation.
our pharmacy benefit management business and related operations are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that are in addition to those we face in our health care business.
notwithstanding our pharmacy benefits management services arrangement with a third-party vendor, we remain responsible to regulators and our clients and customers for the delivery of those pharmacy benefit management services that we contract to provide. this business is subject to federal and state regulation, including federal and state anti-remuneration laws, erisa, hipaa and laws related to the operation of internet and mail-service pharmacies. in addition, certain of our subsidiaries are pharmacies subject to state licensing and u.s. drug enforcement agency registration requirements and laws concerning labeling, packaging, advertising and adulteration of prescription drugs and dispensing of controlled substances. noncompliance with such regulations by us or our third-party vendor(s) could have material adverse effects on our business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and reputation.
our pharmacy benefit management business also would be adversely affected by an inability to contract on favorable terms with pharmaceutical manufacturers and we could suffer liability exposure and reputational harm in connection with purported errors by mail order or retail pharmacy businesses.
in operating onsite clinics and other types of medical facilities, we may be subject to additional liability that could result in significant time and expense.
in addition to contracting with physicians and other health care providers for services, we employ physicians and other health care professionals at onsite low acuity and primary care clinics that we operate for our customers, as well as certain clinics for our employees. in addition, our government business operates livingwell health centers and we own and operate multispecialty health care centers, low acuity clinics and other types of centers in the phoenix, arizona metropolitan area that employ physicians and other health care professionals. as a direct employer of health care professionals and as an owner or operator of medical facilities, we are subject to liability for negligent acts, omissions, or injuries occurring at one of these clinics or caused by one of our employees. even if any claims brought against us are unsuccessful or without merit, we still have to defend against such claims. the defense of any actions may result in significant expenses that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and reputation.
significant stock market or interest rate declines could result in additional unfunded pension obligations resulting in the need for additional plan funding by us and increased pension expenses.
we currently have unfunded obligations in our frozen pension plans. a significant decline in the value of the plans' equity and fixed income investments or unfavorable changes in applicable laws or regulations could materially increase our expenses and change the timing and amount of required plan funding. this could reduce the cash available to us, including our subsidiaries. we also are exposed to interest rate and equity risk associated with our pension and other post-retirement obligations. sustained declines in interest rates could have an adverse impact on the funded status of our pension plans and our reinvestment yield on new investments. see note 9 to our consolidated financial statements for more information on our obligations under the pension plan.
significant changes in market interest rates affect the value of our financial instruments that promise a fixed return or benefit and the value of particular assets and liabilities.
as an insurer, we have substantial investment assets that support insurance and contractholder deposit liabilities. generally low levels of interest rates on investments, such as those experienced in u.s. and foreign financial markets during recent years, have negatively impacted our level of investment income earned in recent periods.
substantially all of our investment assets are in fixed interest-yielding debt securities of varying maturities, fixed redeemable preferred securities and commercial mortgage loans. the value of these investment assets can fluctuate significantly with changes in market conditions. a rise in interest rates would likely reduce the value of our investment portfolio and increase interest expense if we were to access our available lines of credit.
a downgrade in the financial strength ratings of our insurance subsidiaries could adversely affect new sales and retention of current business, and a downgrade in our debt ratings would increase the cost of borrowed funds and negatively affect our ability to access capital.
financial strength, claims paying ability and debt ratings by recognized rating organizations are each important factors in establishing the competitive position of insurance and health benefits
back to contents part i item 1a. risk factors companies. ratings information by nationally recognized ratings agencies is broadly disseminated and generally used throughout the industry. we believe that the claims paying ability and financial strength ratings of our principal insurance subsidiaries are important factors in marketing our products to certain customers. our debt ratings impact both the cost and availability of future borrowings, and accordingly, our cost of capital. each of the rating agencies reviews ratings periodically and there can be no assurance that current ratings will be maintained in the future. a downgrade of these ratings in the future could make it more difficult to either market our products successfully or raise capital to support business growth within our insurance subsidiaries.
global market, economic and geopolitical conditions may cause fluctuations in equity market prices, interest rates and credit spreads that could impact our ability to raise or deploy capital and affect our overall liquidity.
if the equity and credit markets experience extreme volatility and disruption, there could be downward pressure on stock prices and credit capacity for certain issuers without regard to those issuers' underlying financial strength. extreme disruption in the credit markets could adversely impact our availability and cost of credit in the future. in addition, unpredictable or unstable market conditions or continued pressure in the global or u.s. economy could result in reduced opportunities to find suitable opportunities to raise capital.
as of december 31, 2015, our outstanding long-term debt totaled $5.0 billion. in the event of adverse economic and industry conditions, we may be required to dedicate a greater percentage of our cash flow from operations to the payment of principal and interest on our debt, thereby reducing the funds we have available for other purposes, such as investments in ongoing businesses, acquisitions, dividends and stock repurchases. in these circumstances, our ability to execute our strategy may be limited, our flexibility in planning for or reacting to changes in business and market conditions may be reduced, or our access to capital markets may be limited such that additional capital may not be available or may be available only on unfavorable terms.
unfavorable developments in economic conditions may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
global economic conditions continue to be challenging. many factors, including geopolitical issues, confidence in any economic recoveries and any future economic downturns, availability and cost of credit and other capital and consumer spending can negatively impact expectations for the u.s. and global economies. our results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by the impact of unfavorable economic conditions on our customers (both employers and individuals), health care providers and third-party vendors. for example:
because of unfavorable economic conditions or health care reform, employers may stop offering health care coverage to employees or elect to offer this coverage on a voluntary, employee-funded basis as a means to reduce their operating costs.
our historical disability claim experience and industry data indicate that submitted disability claims rise under adverse economic conditions.
if customers are not successful in generating sufficient profits or are precluded from securing financing, they may not be able to pay, or may delay payment of, accounts receivable that are owed to us.
a prolonged unfavorable economic environment could adversely impact the financial position of hospitals and other health care providers, potentially increasing our medical costs as these providers attempt to maintain revenue levels in their efforts to adjust to their own economic challenges.
our third-party vendors could significantly and quickly increase their prices or reduce their output to reduce their operating costs. our business depends on our ability to perform necessary business functions in an efficient and uninterrupted fashion.
in addition, during a prolonged unfavorable economic environment, state and federal budgets could be materially and adversely affected, resulting in reduced reimbursements or payments in state and federal government programs such as medicare and social security. these state and federal budgetary pressures also could cause the government to impose new or a higher level of taxes or assessments on us, such as premium taxes on insurance companies and hmos and surcharges or fees on select fee-for-service and capitated medical claims. although we could attempt to mitigate or cover our exposure from such increased costs through, among other things, increases in premiums, there can be no assurance that we will be able to mitigate or cover all of such costs, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
we are subject to the credit risk of our reinsurers.
we enter into reinsurance arrangements with other insurance companies, primarily to limit losses from large exposures or to permit recovery of a portion of direct losses. we also may enter into reinsurance arrangements in connection with acquisition or divestiture transactions when the underwriting company is not being acquired or sold.
back to contents part i item 1a. risk factors under all reinsurance arrangements, reinsurers assume insured losses, subject to certain limitations or exceptions that may include a loss limit. these arrangements also subject us to various obligations, representations and warranties with the reinsurers. reinsurance does not relieve us of liability as the originating insurer. we remain liable to the underlying policyholders if a reinsurer defaults on obligations under the reinsurance arrangement. although we regularly evaluate the financial condition of reinsurers to minimize exposure to significant losses from reinsurer insolvencies, reinsurers may become financially unsound. if a reinsurer fails to meet its obligations under the reinsurance contract or if the liabilities exceed any applicable loss limit, we will be forced to cover the claims on the reinsured policies.
the collectability of amounts due from reinsurers is subject to uncertainty arising from a number of factors, including whether the insured losses meet the qualifying conditions of the reinsurance contract, whether reinsurers or their affiliates have the financial capacity and willingness to make payments under the terms of the reinsurance contract, and the magnitude and type of collateral supporting our reinsurance recoverable, such as by holding sufficient qualifying assets in trusts or letters of credit issued. although a portion of our reinsurance exposures are secured, the inability to collect a material recovery from a reinsurer could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
we may not complete the proposed transaction with anthem within the time frame we anticipate or at all, potentially negatively affecting our business, financial results and operations.
on july 23, 2015, we entered into an agreement under which anthem will acquire all of the outstanding shares of our common stock. the transaction is subject to a number of closing conditions, such as antitrust and other regulatory approvals that may not be received or may take longer than expected. the transaction is also subject to other risks and uncertainties, including that either we or anthem could exercise our respective termination rights. if the transaction is not consummated within the expected time frame, or at all, we and our shareholders would not realize the expected benefits of the merger.
the announcement and pendency of the proposed merger transaction with anthem, inc. could have an adverse effect on our business.
the announcement and pendency of the proposed merger transaction with anthem could cause disruptions and create uncertainty surrounding our business, which could affect our relationships with our clients, customers, providers, vendors and/or employees, regardless of whether the proposed transaction is completed. we could also potentially lose key employees, clients and/or vendors, or our provider arrangements could be disrupted. in addition, we have diverted, and will continue to divert, management resources towards the completion of the proposed transaction that may divert management's attention and our resources from ongoing business and operations.
we are also subject to restrictions on the conduct of our business prior to the consummation of the transaction as provided in the merger agreement, including, among other things, certain restrictions on our ability to acquire other businesses, sell, transfer or license our assets, make capital expenditures, amend our organizational documents and incur indebtedness. these restrictions could result in our inability to respond effectively to competitive pressures, industry developments and future opportunities.
part i item 1b. unresolved staff comments
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations index overview                                35
liquidity and capital resources         41
critical accounting estimates           45
global supplemental benefits            50
group disability and life               51
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a") is intended to provide information to assist you in better understanding and evaluating our financial condition and results of operations. we encourage you to read this md&a in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k and the "risk factors" contained in part i, item 1a of this annual report on form 10-k ("form 10-k") .
unless otherwise indicated, financial information in the md&a is presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america ("gaap"). see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the company's significant accounting policies. in some of our financial tables in this md&a, we present either percentage changes or "n/m" when those changes are so large as to become not meaningful, and changes in percentages are expressed in basis points ("bps").
in this md&a, our consolidated measures "operating revenues" and "adjusted income from operations" are not determined in accordance with gaap and should not be viewed as substitutes for the most directly comparable gaap measures "total revenues" and "shareholders' net income."
we use adjusted income (loss) from operations as our principal financial measure of operating performance because management believes it best reflects the underlying results of our business operations and permits analysis of trends in underlying revenue, expenses and profitability. beginning on january 1, 2015, we define adjusted income from operations as shareholders' net income (loss) excluding after-tax realized investment gains and losses, net amortization of other acquired intangible assets and special items. prior period segment information has been restated to reflect these new performance metrics. income or expense amounts are excluded from adjusted income from operations for the following reasons:
net amortization of other intangible assets is excluded because it relates to costs incurred for acquisitions and, as a result, it does not relate to the core performance of the company's business operations. the amortization amount is net of one-time benefits of acquisitions in which the fair value of net assets acquired exceeds the purchase price.
special items, if any, are excluded because management believes they are not representative of the underlying results of operations. see note 22 to the consolidated financial statements for descriptions of special items.
in 2013, adjusted income from operations also excluded the results of the guaranteed minimum income benefit ("gmib") business prior to the reinsurance transaction with berkshire hathaway life insurance company of nebraska ("berkshire").
back to contents part ii item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview cigna corporation, together with its subsidiaries (either individually or collectively referred to as "cigna," the "company," "we," "our" or "us") is a global health services organization dedicated to a mission of helping individuals improve their health, well-being and sense of security. to execute on our mission, cigna's strategy is to "go deep", "go global" and "go individual" with a differentiated set of medical, dental, disability, life and accident insurance and related products and services offered by our subsidiaries. in addition to these ongoing operations, we also have certain run-off operations.
for further information on our business and strategy, please see item 1, "business" in this form 10-k.
global supplemental benefits                                 3,149                  3,005                  2,639               144                    5               366                    14
group disability and life                                    4,271                  3,970                  3,747       301                  8                 223                  6
global supplemental benefits                                   262                    243                    200                19                    8                43                    22
group disability and life                                      324          317                    311                 7                    2                 6                    2
2013 excludes limited benefits customers.
back to contents part ii item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations operating revenues increased in both 2015 and 2014 in each of our ongoing reporting segments (global health care, global supplemental benefits, and group disability and life). these increases are primarily attributable to customer growth in our targeted market segments, rate actions in our commercial health care businesses to recover medical cost trend as well as amounts assessed under health care reform (as defined on page 2 in this form 10-k), and growth in our specialty businesses within our global health care segment.
total revenues. the increases in operating revenues in both 2015 and 2014 were partially offset by decreases in realized investment results. see additional discussion in our consolidated financial results beginning on page 39 of this md&a.
shareholders' net income was flat in 2015 compared with 2014 primarily due to higher adjusted income from operations as discussed below offset by lower realized investment gains and the impact of the 2015 special item charges described in our consolidated financial results on page 40 of this md&a. shareholders' net income per share in 2015 and 2014 benefited from the favorable effect of share repurchase.
for 2014, the significant increase in shareholders' net income compared with 2013 is largely due to the absence of the $507 million after-tax charge associated with the reinsurance agreement with berkshire recorded in 2013. see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
adjusted income from operations increased in both 2015 and 2014 reflecting higher earnings in each of our ongoing reporting segments. these favorable effects were driven by continued customer growth in our targeted market segments and improved contributions from our specialty health care businesses. adjusted income from operations per share in 2015 and 2014 benefited from share repurchase.
global medical customers. our medical customer base increased in 2015, primarily driven by growth in our targeted market segments and the acquisition of qualcare alliance networks, inc. excluding customers from our limited benefits business that we were required to exit in 2014, our medical customer base increased in 2014 compared with 2013, primarily due to growth in our targeted market segments.
key transactions and other significant items proposed merger with anthem, inc. ("anthem")
on july 23, 2015, we entered into a definitive agreement to merge with anthem, subject to certain terms, conditions and customary operating covenants, with anthem continuing as the surviving company. upon closing, our shareholders will receive $103.40 in cash and 0.5152 of a share of anthem common stock for each common share of the company. the closing price of anthem common stock on february 24, 2016 was $130.75. at special shareholders' meetings held in december 2015, cigna shareholders approved the merger with anthem and anthem shareholders voted to approve the issuance of shares of anthem common stock according to the merger agreement. consummation of the merger remains subject to certain customary conditions, including the receipt of certain necessary governmental and regulatory approvals and the absence of a legal restraint prohibiting the consummation of the merger. see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for additional details. in addition, see item 1a. – risk factors in this form 10-k for risks to our business due to the proposed merger.
other significant items reported in prior years:
disability claims regulatory matter:  see note 23 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
health care industry developments the patient protection and affordable care act and the health care and education reconciliation act ("health care reform") and the implementing regulations have resulted in broad changes that are meaningfully impacting the industry, including relationships with customers and health care providers, the design of products and services, and pricing and delivery systems. in 2014, there were changes resulting from the implementation of health care reform regulations including public exchanges, a non-deductible industry tax in addition to fees and assessments, and minimum medical loss ratio requirements for medicare advantage and medicare part d plans. in both 2014 and 2015, there were ongoing payment reductions for medicare advantage plans by the centers for medicare & medicaid services ("cms"). collectively, these changes have had a significant impact on our business and customers, requiring adjustments to our business model to mitigate their effects on our results of operations and cash flows.
back to contents part ii item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the "regulation" section of this form 10-k provides a detailed description of health care reform provisions and other legislative initiatives that impact our domestic health care business, including regulations issued by cms and the departments of the treasury and health and human services ("hhs"). the discussion below provides a summary of the financial impacts of key provisions of health care reform and certain other regulatory matters in 2015 and beyond.
item                                  description medicare advantage                    cms actions: in january 2016, cms issued to the company a notice of imposition of immediate intermediate sanctions ("the notice"). the notice requires the company to suspend certain
("ma")                                enrollment and marketing activities for medicare advantage-prescription drug and medicare part d plans. the sanctions do not impact the ability of current enrollees to remain covered by the company's medicare advantage-prescription drug or medicare part d plans. see note 23 to the consolidated financial statement for additional information.
based on management's current expectations, we do not expect any impact to the company's consolidated results of operations, financial condition or cash flows to be material.
if the cms sanctions remain in effect beyond management's current expectations, we do not expect a material impact on 2016 consolidated results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. if, however, the company is not able to address matters arising from the notice in a timely and satisfactory manner, or if there are changes in eligibility for government payments for our programs that are not resolved in a timely and satisfactory manner, the impact to our 2017 medicare customer base and consolidated revenues, results of operations and cash flows could be material.
2016 ma rates: final ma reimbursement rates for 2016, published by cms in april 2015, have decreased funding for ma participants with the highest clinical needs, including those with multiple chronic conditions. we reflected these 2016 rates in our bids to cms submitted during the second quarter of 2015 and currently expect that the 2016 final ma reimbursement rates will decrease funding for our medicare advantage business by approximately 2% in 2016 compared to 2015. we do not expect the 2016 ma rates to have a material impact on our consolidated results of operations or cash flows in 2016
health care reform                    health insurance industry tax: this non-deductible tax is being levied based on a ratio of an insurer's net health insurance premiums written for the previous calendar year compared to taxes and fees                        the u.s. health insurance industry total. we recognized approximately $310 million in operating expenses in 2015 compared with approximately $240 million in 2014. the increase in 2015 largely reflects growth in the industry assessment from
• industry tax                        $8 billion in 2014 to $11.3 billion in 2015. because this tax is not deductible for federal income tax purposes, our effective tax rate increased from historical levels in 2014 and 2015. of the full year 2015 tax, $170 million relates to our commercial business and $140 million to our medicare business. for our commercial business, we incorporated the industry tax into target pricing actions. for our medicare business, although we have partially mitigated the effect of the tax through benefit changes and customer premium increases, the combination of the tax and lower ma rates have contributed to lower margins in the government operating segment in both 2015 and 2014.
because the industry assessment in 2016 is also $11.3 billion, we expect our share of the tax, and its effect on our results of operations, to be similar to 2015. in december 2015, federal appropriations legislation imposed a one-year moratorium on the industry tax for 2017, with reinstatement expected in 2018. for our commercial business, our target pricing actions related to 2017 and 2018 plan years will reflect the impacts of this legislation. for our medicare business, we expect to partially mitigate the impacts of this legislation.
• reinsurance fee                     reinsurance fee: this tax deductible fee is a fixed dollar per customer levy that applies to both insured and self-insured major medical plans excluding certain products such as medicare advantage and medicare part d. proceeds from the fee are being used to fund the reinsurance program for non-grandfathered individual business sold either on or off the public exchanges beginning in 2014. for our insured business, we recognized approximately $70 million in 2015 compared with $110 million in 2014. we incorporate these fees into target pricing actions.
public health exchanges               public health exchanges: for 2015, we offered individual coverage on eight public health insurance exchanges (arizona, colorado, florida, georgia, maryland, missouri, tennessee and texas). in 2016, we exited the florida public exchange market.
part ii item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations risk mitigation programs see note 2(r) to the consolidated financial statements for a description of and our accounting policy for these programs that commenced in 2014.
in 2015, shareholders' net income included after-tax benefits of approximately $250 million related to the 2015 coverage year risk mitigation programs, consisting of approximately $100 million for reinsurance and approximately $75 million each for the risk adjustment and risk corridor programs. after-tax benefits reported below for each program in 2015 also included the effects of updates to 2014 coverage year amounts based on cms data received in june 2015.
the following table presents the after-tax benefits to shareholders' net income from these programs for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014 and our net receivable balances as of december 31, 2015 and 2014.
in 2015, we received approximately $300 million related to the 2014 risk mitigation programs. cms paid substantially all amounts due under the 2014 reinsurance and risk adjustment programs. in addition, cms paid approximately 13% of insurers' 2014 coverage year risk corridor receivables. cms has acknowledged its legal obligation to pay insurers under the risk corridor program for the balance of the 2014 coverage year as well as the 2015 coverage year, as required by health care reform. if cms' risk corridor program collections, including carryovers from prior years, are insufficient to satisfy its payment obligations, cms has stated that it will explore other funding sources subject to the availability of appropriations that may require congressional approval. we are continuing to monitor developments related to the risk corridor program.
back to contents part ii item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations consolidated results of operations summarized below are our results of operations on a gaap basis.
other benefit expenses                                                        4,936                  4,640                  4,998               296                     6             (358)                  (7)
benefits and expenses                                                        34,549                 31,610                 30,204             2,939                     9             1,406                    5
back to contents part ii item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations a reconciliation of shareholders' net income to adjusted income from operations follows:
special items:
costs associated with pbm services agreement (see note 22 to the consolidated financial statements)               –                      –                          24            –                                          (24)
charge for disability claims regulatory matter (see note 23 to the consolidated financial statements)             –                      –                          51            –                                          (51)
special items                                                                                                     0.47                   –               2.18                0.47                                          (2.18)
back to contents part ii item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations consolidated results of operations: 2015 compared to 2014 and 2014 compared to 2013
premiums. the increase in 2015 compared with 2014 reflects premium growth in each of our ongoing reporting segments: global health care, global supplemental benefits and group disability and life. these results are primarily attributable to customer growth in our targeted market segments and rate actions in our commercial health care businesses consistent with medical cost trend. the increase in 2014 compared with 2013 was driven primarily by rate increases to recover both medical cost trend and new taxes and fees assessed under health care reform. business growth in certain of our market segments also contributed to the increase in 2014.
fees and other revenues. the increases in both 2015 and 2014 largely reflected growth from specialty products offered through our global health care segment and an increased customer base for our administrative services only business. fees and other revenues also included pre-tax losses of $39 million in early 2013 attributable to the hedge program associated with the guaranteed minimum death benefit ("gmdb") and gmib business prior to the reinsurance transaction with berkshire.
net investment income decreased in 2015 versus 2014, due to lower investment yields from the continued low interest rate environment and unfavorable foreign currency effects partially offset by higher average invested assets. in 2014, net investment income was flat compared with 2013, reflecting higher average investment assets offset by lower yields.
realized investment results. in 2015, realized investment results decreased compared with 2014, primarily due to higher impairment losses on certain externally managed fixed maturities, particularly within the energy sector, that have an increased probability of sale prior to recovery of amortized cost. these impairments were driven by increased market yields. the significant decrease in 2014, compared with 2013, resulted primarily from the absence of large gains on sales of fixed maturities in 2013 related to funding the reinsurance transaction with berkshire. see note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
other benefit expenses. the increase in 2015 compared with 2014 was primarily due to business growth in our group disability and life and global supplemental benefits segments. the decrease in other benefit expenses in 2014 compared with 2013 resulted from the absence of the charges recorded in the first quarter of 2013 associated with the reinsurance agreement with berkshire ($727 million pre-tax), partially offset by continued business growth in the global supplemental and group disability and life segments.
mail order pharmacy costs. the increases in both 2015 and 2014 are primarily due to increased volume, primarily for specialty medications (injectables), from our higher customer base, and home delivery utilization as well as higher unit costs.
other operating expenses. the increase in 2015 compared with 2014 was primarily due to business growth, strategic investments across our segments and special items described below. in 2014, the increase in other operating expenses over 2013 was largely driven by new taxes and fees assessed under health care reform and business growth in all of our ongoing segments.
amortization of other acquired intangible assets, net. the decreases in both 2015 and 2014 reflect the expected continuing decline in amortization from our 2012 acquisition of healthspring, inc. the decrease in 2015 also includes the one-time $23 million benefit of an acquisition in which the fair value of acquired net assets exceeded the purchase price.
special items. see note 22 to the consolidated financial statements for additional details about special items.
consolidated effective tax rate. the increases in the consolidated effective tax rate in both 2015 and 2014 were primarily driven by the non-deductible health insurance industry tax assessed under health care reform. this tax was first assessed in 2014 and increased in 2015. see note 19 to the consolidated financial statements for additional details.
liquidity and capital resources financial summary                    2015            2014            2013
shareholders' equity              $12,035         $10,774         $10,567
back to contents part ii item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations consolidated short-term investments increased in 2015 compared with 2014 as a result of higher net purchases of short-term investments at the parent company level. the decrease in short-term investments in 2014 compared with 2013 resulted from the company's investment mix shift toward longer-term holdings.
liquidity we maintain liquidity at two levels: the subsidiary level and the parent company level.
liquidity requirements at the subsidiary level generally consist of:
• medical costs and benefit payments to policyholders; and • operating expense requirements, primarily for employee compensation and benefits.
• maintaining appropriate levels of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments; • using cash flows from operating activities;
• selling investments; • matching investment durations to those estimated for the related insurance and contractholder liabilities;
and • borrowing from affiliates, subject to applicable regulatory limits.
liquidity requirements at the parent company level generally consist of:
the parent company normally meets its liquidity requirements by:
• maintaining appropriate levels of cash and various types of marketable investments; • collecting dividends from its subsidiaries;
• using proceeds from issuance of debt and equity securities; and • borrowing from its subsidiaries.
net cash provided by operating activities                 $2,717            $1,994            $719
net cash provided by (used in) investing activities       $(1,599)          $(1,755)          $15
net cash used in financing activities                     $(530)            $(1,582)          $(930)
cash flows from operating activities consist of cash receipts and disbursements for premiums and fees, mail order pharmacy, other revenues, investment income, taxes, benefits and expenses. because certain income and expense transactions do not generate cash, and because cash transactions related to revenues and expenses may occur in periods different from when those revenues and expenses are recognized in shareholders' net income, cash flows from operating activities can be significantly different from shareholders' net income.
cash flows from investing activities generally consist of net investment purchases or sales and net purchases of property and equipment including capitalized software, as well as cash used to acquire businesses.
cash flows from financing activities are generally comprised of issuances and re-payment of debt at the parent company level, proceeds on the issuance of common stock resulting from stock option exercises, and stock repurchases. in addition, the subsidiaries report deposits to and withdrawals from investment contract liabilities (including universal life insurance liabilities) because such liabilities are considered financing activities with policyholders.
operating activities cash flows from operating activities increased in 2015 compared with 2014 primarily driven by the volume and timing of government reimbursements and pharmacy considerations.
cash flows from operating activities increased substantially in 2014 compared with 2013, primarily due to the absence of the 2013 reinsurance payments totaling $2.2 billion to berkshire. excluding those payments and tax benefits realized in connection with the berkshire transaction, cash flows from operating activities in 2014 decreased by $0.6 billion, compared with 2013. this decrease was primarily related to the volume and timing of reimbursements prescribed by government programs.
investing activities net cash used in investing activities decreased in 2015 compared with 2014, due to lower net purchases of fixed maturities. cash flows from investing activities decreased by $1.8 billion in 2014 compared with 2013, primarily due to higher net purchases of fixed maturities. in 2013, net purchases of fixed maturities were lower than 2014 primarily due to funding the berkshire transaction.
part ii item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations financing activities cash used in financing activities decreased in 2015 compared with 2014, primarily reflecting lower share repurchases. cash used in financing activities increased in 2014 compared with the same period in 2013, primarily due to higher share repurchases.
share repurchase we maintain a share repurchase program, authorized by our board of directors. under this program, we may repurchase shares from time to time, depending on market conditions and alternate uses of capital. we may suspend activity under our share repurchase program from time to time and may also remove such suspensions, generally without public announcement. we may also repurchase shares at times by using a rule 10b5-1 trading plan when we otherwise might be precluded from doing so under insider trading laws or because of self-imposed trading block-out periods.
interest expense interest expense on long-term debt, short-term debt and capital leases was as follows:
capital resources our capital resources (primarily retained earnings and proceeds from the issuance of debt and equity securities) provide protection for policyholders, furnish the financial strength to underwrite insurance risks and facilitate continued business growth.
management, guided by regulatory requirements and rating agency capital guidelines, determines the amount of capital resources that we maintain. management allocates resources to new long-term business commitments when returns, considering the risks, look promising and when the resources available to support existing business are adequate.
we prioritize our use of capital resources to:
provide the capital necessary to support growth and maintain or improve the financial strength ratings of subsidiaries and to fund pension obligations;
consider acquisitions that are strategically and economically advantageous; and
return capital to investors through share repurchase.
the availability of capital resources will be impacted by equity and credit market conditions. extreme volatility in credit or equity market conditions may reduce our ability to issue debt or equity securities.
liquidity and capital resources outlook at december 31, 2015, there was approximately $1.4 billion in cash and investments available at the parent company level. in 2016, the parent company's combined cash obligations are expected to be approximately $365 million to pay for interest, commercial paper maturities and dividends.
we expect, based on the parent company's current cash position, current projections for subsidiary dividends, and the ability to refinance its commercial paper borrowing, to have sufficient liquidity to meet the obligations discussed above.
our cash projections may not be realized and the demand for funds could exceed available cash if our ongoing businesses experience unexpected shortfalls in earnings, or we experience material adverse effects from one or more risks or uncertainties described more fully in the risk factors section of this form 10-k. in those cases, we expect to have the flexibility to satisfy liquidity needs through a variety of measures, including intercompany borrowings and sales of liquid investments. the parent company may borrow up to $1.3 billion from its insurance subsidiaries without additional state approval. as of december 31, 2015, the parent company had $63 million of net intercompany loans receivable from its insurance subsidiaries. alternatively, to satisfy parent company liquidity requirements we may use short-term borrowings, such as the commercial paper program, the committed revolving credit and letter of credit agreement of up to $1.5 billion subject to the maximum debt leverage covenant in its line of credit agreement. as of december 31, 2015, $1.5 billion of short-term borrowing capacity under the credit agreement was available to us. within the maximum debt leverage covenant in the line of credit agreement as described in note 15, we have $7.9 billion of borrowing capacity in addition to the $5.2 billion of debt outstanding. this additional borrowing capacity includes the $1.5 billion available under the credit agreement.
though we believe we have adequate sources of liquidity, significant disruption or volatility in the capital and credit markets could affect our ability to access those markets for additional borrowings or increase costs associated with borrowing funds.
back to contents part ii item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations undistributed earnings are deployed outside of the u.s. in support of the liquidity and capital needs of our foreign operations. as of december 31, 2015, undistributed earnings were approximately $2.2 billion. if repatriated, approximately $310 million of cash and cash equivalents held overseas would be subject to additional tax expense representing the difference between the u.s. and foreign tax rates. this strategy does not materially limit our ability to meet our liquidity and capital needs in the u.s. cash and cash equivalents in foreign operations are held primarily to meet local liquidity and surplus needs with excess funds generally invested in longer duration, high quality securities.
unfunded pension plan liability.    as of december 31, 2015, our unfunded pension liability was $953 million, reflecting a decrease of approximately $150 million from december 31, 2014. the decrease in the unfunded liability reflected an increase of approximately 40 basis points in the weighted average assumed discount rate, and changes to our mortality assumptions based on an updated pension mortality table. in 2016, we do not expect to make any pension contributions, as there are no contributions required under the pension protection act of 2006. see note 9 for additional information regarding our pension plans.
solvency ii.    beginning in 2016, our businesses in the european union became subject to the directive on insurance regulation, solvency and governance requirements known as solvency ii. this directive imposes economic risk-based solvency and governance requirements and supervisory rules. our european insurance companies are capitalized at levels consistent with projected solvency ii requirements and in compliance with anticipated governance and technical capability requirements.
guarantees and contractual obligations we are contingently liable for various contractual obligations entered into in the ordinary course of business. the maturities of our primary contractual cash obligations, as of december 31, 2015, are estimated to be as follows:
insurance liabilities:
contractholder deposit funds                   $6,704             $754              $967              $768              $4,215
future policy benefits                               11,377       632                     1,387             1,084             8,274
other long-term liabilities                             750               153               131                92               374
insurance liabilities.  contractual cash obligations for insurance liabilities, excluding unearned premiums, represent estimated net benefit payments for health, life and disability insurance policies and annuity contracts. recorded contractholder deposit funds reflect current fund balances primarily from universal life insurance customers. contractual cash obligations for these universal life contracts are estimated by projecting future payments using assumptions for lapse, withdrawal and mortality. these projected future payments include estimated future interest crediting on current fund balances based on current investment yields less the estimated cost of insurance charges and mortality and administrative fees. actual obligations in any single year will vary based on actual morbidity, mortality, lapse, withdrawal, investment and premium experience. the sum of the obligations presented above exceeds the corresponding insurance and contractholder liabilities of $20 billion recorded on the balance sheet because the recorded insurance liabilities reflect discounting for interest and the recorded contractholder liabilities exclude future interest crediting, charges and fees. we manage our investment portfolios to generate cash flows needed to satisfy contractual obligations. any shortfall from expected investment yields could result in increases to recorded reserves and adversely impact results of operations. the amounts associated with the sold retirement benefits and individual life insurance and annuity businesses, as well as the reinsured workers' compensation, personal accident and supplemental benefits businesses, are excluded from the table above as their related net cash flows associated with them are not expected to impact our cash flows. the total amount of these reinsured reserves excluded is approximately $5 billion. the expected future cash flows for gmdb and gmib contracts included in the table above (within future policy benefits and other long-term liabilities) do not consider any of the related reinsurance arrangements.
short-term debt represents commercial paper, current maturities of long-term debt, and current obligations under capital leases.
long-term debt includes scheduled interest payments. capital leases are included in long-term debt and represent obligations for it network storage, servers and equipment.
back to contents part ii item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
other long-term liabilities.  this table includes estimated payments for gmib contracts, pension and other postretirement and postemployment benefit obligations, supplemental and deferred compensation plans, interest rate and foreign currency swap contracts, and certain tax and reinsurance liabilities. these items are presented in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets.
estimated payments of $75 million for deferred compensation, non-qualified and international pension plans and other postretirement and postemployment benefit plans are expected to be paid in less than one year. our best estimate is that there will be no contributions to the qualified domestic pension plans during 2016. we expect to make payments subsequent to 2016 for these obligations, however subsequent payments have been excluded from the table as their timing is based on plan assumptions that may materially differ from actual activities. see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on pension and other postretirement benefit obligations.
the above table also does not contain $31 million of liabilities for uncertain tax positions because we cannot reasonably estimate the timing of their resolution with the respective taxing authorities. see note 19 to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended december 31, 2015 for further information.
purchase obligations.    as of december 31, 2015, purchase obligations consisted of estimated payments required under contractual arrangements for future services and investment commitments as follows:
fixed maturities                                               $15
limited liability entities (other long-term investments)            671
total investment commitments                                        691
future service commitments                                          278
see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
our estimated future service commitments primarily represent contracts for certain outsourced business processes and it maintenance and support. we generally have the ability to terminate these agreements, but do not anticipate doing so at this time. purchase obligations exclude contracts that are cancelable without penalty and those that do not specify minimum levels of goods or services to be purchased.
operating leases.    for additional information, see note 21 to the consolidated financial statements.
guarantees we are contingently liable for various financial and other guarantees provided in the ordinary course of business. see note 23 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on guarantees.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with gaap requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts and related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. management considers an accounting estimate to be critical if:
it requires assumptions to be made that were uncertain at the time the estimate was made; and
changes in the estimate or different estimates that could have been selected could have a material effect on our consolidated results of operations or financial condition.
management has discussed the development and selection of its critical accounting estimates with the audit committee of our board of directors and the audit committee has reviewed the disclosures presented below.
in addition to the estimates presented in the following table, there are other accounting estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements, including estimates of liabilities for future policy benefits, as well as estimates with respect to unpaid claims and claim expenses, postemployment and postretirement benefits other than pensions, certain compensation accruals, and income taxes.
management believes the current assumptions used to estimate amounts reflected in our consolidated financial statements are appropriate. however, if actual experience differs from the assumptions used in estimating amounts reflected in our consolidated financial statements, the resulting changes could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations and, in certain situations, could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and financial condition.
part ii item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
goodwill at the acquisition date, goodwill represents the excess of the cost of businesses acquired over the fair value of their net assets. we completed our annual evaluations of goodwill for impairment during the third quarter of 2015. these evaluations were performed at the reporting unit level, based on discounted cash flow       if we do not achieve our earnings objectives or the cost of capital rises significantly, the assumptions and estimates underlying these impairment evaluations could be adversely affected and result in future impairment charges that would negatively analyses and market data. the evaluations indicated that no impairment was required. fair value of a reporting unit was estimated using models and assumptions that we                                                                                                                                                                 impact our operating results. the fair value estimate of our government reporting unit could decrease by approximately 30% before an indication of impairment of goodwill believe a hypothetical market participant would use to determine a current transaction price. the significant assumptions and estimates used in determining fair value include the discount rate and future cash flows. a range of discount rates was used,                                                                            occurs. changes in the funding for our medicare programs by the federal government, or our inability to resolve the matters arising from the cms notice in a timely and satisfactory manner, could materially reduce revenues and profitability in our corresponding with the reporting unit's weighted average cost of capital, consistent with that used for investment decisions considering the specific and detailed operating plans and strategies within the reporting units. projections of future cash                                                                               government reporting unit and have a significant impact on its fair value. the estimated fair value of our remaining reporting units exceeded their carrying values by a flows were consistent with our annual planning process for revenues, claims, operating expenses, taxes, capital levels and long-term growth rates. in addition to these assumptions, we considered market data to evaluate the fair value of each                                                                                      substantial margin based on our annual evaluations of goodwill for impairment during the third quarter of 2015.
reporting unit. in our government operating segment (which is a reporting unit) we contract with cms and various state governmental agencies to provide managed health care services, including medicare advantage plans and medicare-approved prescription drug plans. estimated future cash flows for this business incorporated the potential effects of medicare advantage reimbursement rates for 2016 and beyond as discussed in the "overview" section of this md&amp;a. revenues from the medicare programs are dependent, in whole or in part, upon annual funding from the federal government through cms. this evaluation was updated to consider management's assessment of the impact of the cms sanctions discussed in note 23 to the consolidated financial statements. funding for these programs is dependent on many factors including general economic conditions, continuing government efforts to contain health care costs and budgetary constraints at the federal level and general political issues and priorities. goodwill as of december 31 was as follows (in millions):
• 2015 – $6,019 • 2014 – $5,989 see notes 2(h) and 8 to the consolidated financial statements for additional discussion of our goodwill.
back to contents part ii item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities – pension liabilities these liabilities are                                                                                                                                                     the discount rate is typically the most significant assumption in measuring the pension liability. we develop the discount rate by applying actual annualized yields at various durations from a discount rate curve constructed from high quality estimates of the present value of the qualified and nonqualified pension benefits to be paid (attributed to employee service to date) net of the fair value of plan assets. the accrued pension benefit liability as of december 31 was as follows       corporate bonds. if discount rates for the qualified and nonqualified pension plans decreased by 50 basis points, the accrued pension benefit liability would increase by
(in millions): • 2015 – $953 • 2014 – $1,099                                                                                                                                                                                                             approximately $205 million as of december 31, 2015 resulting in an after-tax decrease to shareholders' equity of approximately $135 million. if the see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for assumptions and methods used to estimate pension liabilities.                                                                                                                                    december 31, 2015 fair values of domestic qualified plan assets decreased by 10%, the accrued pension benefit liability would increase by approximately $395 million as of december 31, 2015 resulting in an after-tax decrease to shareholders' equity of approximately $255 million. an increase in these key assumptions would result in impacts to, the accrued pension liability and shareholders'
equity in an opposite direction, but similar amounts.
global health care medical costs payable medical costs payable for the global health care segment include both                                                                                                                                           in 2015, actual experience differed from our key assumptions as of december 31, 2014, resulting in $210 million of favorable incurred costs related to prior years' medical costs payable or 1.3% of the current year incurred costs as reported claims and estimates for losses incurred but not yet reported. liabilities for medical costs payable as of december 31 were as follows (in millions):                                                                                           reported in 2014. in 2014, actual experience differed from our key assumptions as of december 31, 2013, resulting in $159 million of favorable incurred costs related to prior years' medical claims, or 1.0% of the current year incurred costs
• 2015 – gross $2,355; net $2,112 • 2014 – gross $2,180;                                                                                                                                                                                                 reported in 2013. specifically, the favorable impact is due to faster than expected completion factors and lower than expected medical cost trends, both of which included an assumption for moderately adverse experience. the impact of this favorable prior year development was an increase to shareholders' net income of $60 million in 2015. the change in the amount of the incurred costs related to prior years net $1,928 these liabilities are presented above both gross and net of reinsurance and other recoverables and generally exclude amounts for administrative services only                                                                                 in the medical costs payable liability does not directly correspond to an increase or decrease in shareholders' net income as explained in note 5 to the consolidated financial statements.
business. see notes 2 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding assumptions and methods used to estimate this liability.
back to contents part ii item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
valuation of fixed maturity investments most fixed maturities are classified as available for sale and are carried                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   typically, the most significant input in the measurement of fair value is the market interest rate used to discount the estimated future cash flows of the instrument. such market rates are derived by calculating the appropriate spreads over at fair value with changes in fair value recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) within shareholders' equity. fair value is defined as the price at                                                                                                                                                                                                                                comparable u.s. treasury securities, based on the credit quality, industry and structure of the asset. if the interest rates used to calculate fair value increased by which an asset could be exchanged in an orderly transaction between market participants at the balance sheet date. determining fair value for a financial instrument                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 100 basis points, the fair value of the total fixed maturity portfolio of $19 billion would decrease by approximately $1.2 billion.
requires management judgment. the degree of judgment involved generally correlates to the level of pricing readily observable in the markets. financial instruments with quoted prices in active markets or with market observable inputs to determine fair value, such as public securities, generally require less judgment. conversely, private placements including more complex securities that are traded infrequently are typically measured using pricing models that require more judgment as to the inputs and assumptions used to estimate fair value. there may be a number of alternative inputs to select based on an understanding of the issuer, the structure of the security and overall market conditions. in addition, these factors are inherently variable in nature as they change frequently in response to market conditions. approximately two-thirds of our fixed maturities are public securities, and one-third are private placement securities. see note 10 to the consolidated financial statements for a discussion of our fair value measurements and the procedures performed by management to determine that the amounts represent appropriate estimates.
assessment of "other-than-temporary" impairments of fixed maturities to determine whether a fixed maturity's                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         for all fixed maturities with cost in excess of their fair value, if this excess was determined to be other-than-temporary, shareholders' net income for the year ended december 31, 2015 would have decreased by approximately $142 million decline in fair value below its amortized cost is other than temporary, we must evaluate the expected recovery in value and our intent to sell or the likelihood of a required sale of the fixed maturity prior to an expected recovery. to make this                                                                                                                                                after-tax.
determination, we consider a number of general and specific factors including the regulatory, economic and market environments, length of time and severity of the decline, and the financial health and specific near term prospects of the issuer.
see notes 2 (c) and 11 to the consolidated financial statements for additional discussion of our review of declines in fair value, including information regarding our accounting policies for fixed maturities.
we use "adjusted income from operations" as our principal financial measure of operating performance because management believes it best reflects the underlying results of our business operations and permits analysis of trends in underlying revenue, expenses and profitability. beginning on january 1, 2015, we define adjusted
back to contents part ii item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations income from operations as shareholders' net income (loss) excluding after-tax realized investment gains and losses, net amortization of other acquired intangible assets and special items. prior period segment information has been restated to reflect these new performance metrics. ratios presented in this segment discussion exclude the same items as adjusted income from operations. income or expense amounts are excluded from adjusted income from operations for the following reasons:
net amortization of other intangible assets is excluded because it relates to costs incurred for acquisitions and, as a result, it does not relate to the core performance of the company's business operations. the amortization amount is net of one-time benefits of acquisitions in which the fair value of net assets acquired exceeds the purchase price.
special items, if any, are excluded because management believes they are not representative of the underlying results of operations. see note 22 to the consolidated financial statements for descriptions of special items.
in 2013, adjusted income from operations also excluded the results of the guaranteed minimum income benefit ("gmib") business prior to the reinsurance transaction with berkshire.
2013 excludes limited benefits customers.
part ii item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations adjusted income from operations increased in 2015 compared with 2014, reflecting u.s. commercial business growth, including increased contributions from pharmacy, stop loss and other specialty products. results in 2015 also reflect the impact of increased investments in business initiatives.
adjusted income from operations increased in 2014 compared with 2013. this growth was primarily driven by increased specialty contributions, partially offset by lower earnings in our government segment. in addition, results included the impact of higher operating expenses and lower margins in our u.s. commercial group risk business.
operating revenues. the increase in operating revenues in 2015, compared with 2014 is primarily due to a higher customer base in our government segment, as well as revenue growth in specialty businesses and higher premiums in the u.s. commercial segment reflecting rate actions on most risk products primarily to recover underlying medical cost trends.
the increase in 2014 compared with 2013 was primarily driven by growth in specialty businesses, higher premiums in the u.s. commercial segment reflecting rate actions on most risk products to recover underlying medical cost trends and taxes and fees mandated by health care reform, and a higher customer base in our individual and medicaid business. these increases were partially offset by lower revenue due to our exit from the limited benefits business.
medical care ratios. the commercial medical care ratio decreased slightly in 2015 compared with 2014 primarily due to improved performance in our stop loss business. in 2014, the commercial medical care ratio decreased slightly compared with 2013 due to rate increases to cover new taxes and fees mandated by health care reform and improved performance in our specialty business, partially offset by a higher medical care ratio in the u.s. individual business and our exit from the limited benefits business.
the government medical care ratio increased in 2015 compared with 2014 due to an increase in medicare part d utilization. in 2014, the government medical care ratio increased slightly compared with 2013 due to higher medicare part d pharmacy costs offset by improved per-member revenues in the medicare advantage business.
operating expense ratio. the operating expense ratio was flat in 2015 compared with 2014, reflecting business-initiative investments offset by higher revenue and disciplined expense management. the operating expense ratio increased in 2014 compared with 2013 primarily due to the impact of health care reform taxes and fees that became effective in 2014.
other items affecting health care results global health care medical costs payable medical costs payable is higher as of december 31, 2015 compared with 2014, primarily due to growth in the stop loss book of business and the government segment. see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. medical costs payable increased in 2014 compared with 2013, primarily driven by growth in the individual and stop loss books of business.
medical customers a medical customer is defined as a person meeting any one of the following criteria:
our medical customer base as of december 31, 2015 was higher than 2014, driven by strong overall retention and sales in our targeted market segments, as well as the acquisition of qualcare alliance networks, inc. on february 28, 2015.
as required by health care reform, we exited the limited benefits business effective december 31, 2013. excluding this impact, our medical customer base increased in 2014 compared with 2013, primarily driven by continued growth in our targeted market segments.
global supplemental benefits segment as described in the segment reporting introduction on page 48, the performance of the global supplemental benefits segment is measured using adjusted income from operations. see note 22 to the consolidated financial statements for the calculation of adjusted income from operations for each segment. the key factors affecting adjusted income from operations for this segment are:
benefit expenses as a percentage of premiums (loss ratio);
operating expense and acquisition expense as a percentage of operating revenues (expense ratio and acquisition cost ratio); and
throughout this discussion and the table presented below, prior period currency adjusted income from operations and operating revenues are calculated by applying the current period's exchange rates to reported results in the prior period. a strengthening u.s. dollar against foreign currencies will decrease segment earnings, while a weakening u.s. dollar produces the opposite effect.
back to contents part ii item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations results of operations financial summary                                                                      for the years ended december 31,                             increase/(decrease)                       increase/(decrease)
adjusted margin                                                                        8.3%                  8.1%                  7.6%             20 bps                                    50 bps loss ratio                                                                             55.3%                 54.3%                 52.5%            100 bps                                   180 bps acquisition cost ratio                                                                 19.3%                 21.0%                 22.8%            (170) bps                                 (180) bps expense ratio (excluding acquisition costs)                                            18.3%                 17.7%                 17.4%            60 bps                                    30 bps adjusted income from operations increased in 2015 compared with 2014 primarily due to business growth and lower acquisition costs, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of foreign currency movements and higher expense ratios as discussed below.
the increase in adjusted income from operations in 2014 compared with 2013 was driven in part by a lower acquisition cost ratio and continuing business growth, primarily in south korea, partially offset by a higher loss ratio driven by a business mix shift and higher incurred claims. 2014 results also included favorable tax-related items of $21 million recorded in the third quarter of 2014.
operating revenues were higher in both 2015 and 2014 compared with each prior year, primarily attributable to new sales, particularly in south korea and the u.s. reflecting both customer growth and sales of higher premium products. the increase in 2015 was partially offset by the unfavorable impact of foreign currency movements.
loss ratios increased in 2015 and 2014 compared with each prior year. the increase is due primarily to a business mix shift toward products with higher expected loss ratios in south korea and the u.s.
acquisition cost ratios decreased in both 2015 and 2014 compared with each prior year. the decline in each year's ratio largely represents a shift toward higher premium products with lower acquisition costs primarily in south korea and the u.s.
the expense ratio (excluding acquisition costs) increased in both 2015 and 2014 compared with each prior year reflecting strategic business investments partially offset by operating efficiencies.
other items affecting global supplemental benefits results south korea is the single largest geographic market for our global supplemental benefits segment. south korea generated 50% of the segment's revenues and 75% of the segment's earnings in 2015. in 2015, our global supplemental benefits segment operations in south korea represented 4% of our total consolidated revenues and 9.6% of shareholders' net income.
significant movements in foreign currency exchange rates could materially affect the reported results of the global supplemental benefits segment.
group disability and life segment as described in the segment reporting introduction on page 48, the performance of the group disability and life segment is measured using adjusted income from operations. see note 22 to the consolidated financial statements for the calculation of adjusted income from operations for each segment. the key factors affecting adjusted income from operations for this segment are:
benefit expenses as a percentage of premiums (loss ratio); and
back to contents part ii item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations adjusted income from operations increased in 2015 compared with 2014 due primarily to favorable life claims experience. results also included the favorable after-tax effects of reserve reviews of $55 million in 2015 compared with $52 million in 2014.
the increase in adjusted income from operations in 2014 compared with 2013 reflected favorable life results, higher net investment income and a lower expense ratio partially offset by higher disability claim costs largely due to a lower discount rate. disability claim costs were lower in 2013 in part due to the $29 million favorable after-tax effect of a higher discount rate on claims incurred in 2013, resulting from the reallocation of higher yielding assets to the disability and life portfolio that had previously supported liabilities in the run-off reinsurance business. the favorable after-tax effects of reserve reviews were $52 million in 2014 and $60 million in 2013.
operating revenues. the increases in both 2015 and in 2014 reflected premiums from new business growth due to disability and life sales. net investment income also increased in both 2015 and in 2014 primarily due to higher average assets partially offset by lower yields.
the loss ratio decreased in 2015 compared with 2014 due to lower life claim incidence. the loss ratio increased in 2014 compared with 2013 due to higher disability claim costs including the effect of a lower discount rate, partially offset by lower life new claim incidence.
operating expense ratio. the operating expense ratio was flat in 2015 compared with 2014 and lower in 2014 compared to 2013 driven by effective cost management.
other operations cigna's corporate-owned life insurance ("coli") business contributes the majority of earnings in other operations. cigna's other operations segment also includes the results from the run-off reinsurance and settlement annuity businesses, as well as the remaining deferred gains recognized from the sale of the individual life insurance and annuity and retirement benefits businesses.
adjusted margin                            15.5%                 13.3%                 18.0%            220 bps                                 (470) bps adjusted income from operations increased in 2015 compared with 2014, reflecting favorable mortality experience in coli. in 2014, adjusted income from operations decreased compared with 2013, primarily reflecting the absence of the $14 million favorable impact of the internal revenue service ("irs") examinations of our 2009-2010 federal tax returns completed during the third quarter of 2013 and unfavorable coli mortality experience in 2014.
operating revenues. the decrease in operating revenues in 2015 compared with 2014 is largely due to lower net investment income driven by lower investment yields and, to a lesser extent, lower premiums in coli driven by favorable experience-rating impacts.
in 2014, the increase in operating revenues compared with 2013 largely reflects the absence of $39 million in losses recorded in 2013 associated with a dynamic hedge program for the run-off reinsurance business that was discontinued with the effective exit from the gmdb and gmib business. this impact is partially offset by a decrease in net investment income due to selling or reallocating investment assets in 2013 as a result of the reinsurance transaction with berkshire.
corporate corporate reflects amounts not allocated to operating segments, including net interest expense (defined as interest on corporate debt less net investment income on investments not supporting segment operations), interest on uncertain tax positions, certain litigation matters, intersegment eliminations, compensation cost for stock options, expense associated with our frozen pension plans and certain overhead and project costs.
corporate's adjusted loss from operations decreased in 2015 compared with 2014, primarily due to lower pension and interest expenses.
corporate's adjusted loss from operations increased in 2014 compared with 2013, primarily due to increased taxes related to certain employee stock compensation costs that are not deductible for income tax purposes under health care reform.
part ii item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations investment assets the following table presents our invested asset portfolio, excluding separate account assets, as of december 31, 2015 and 2014. additional information regarding our investment assets and related accounting policies is included in notes 2, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14 and 17 to the consolidated financial statements.
fixed maturities                  $19,455           $18,983
equity securities                         190       189
fixed maturities investments in fixed maturities include publicly traded and privately placed debt securities, mortgage and other asset-backed securities, and preferred stocks redeemable by the investor. these investments are classified as available for sale and are carried at fair value on our balance sheet. additional information regarding valuation methodologies, key inputs and controls is included in note 10 of the consolidated financial statements.
the following table reflects our fixed maturity portfolio by type of issuer as of december 31, 2015 and 2014.
the fixed maturity portfolio increased modestly during 2015, reflecting a strategic increase in investment in fixed maturities, partially offset by decreased valuations due to the impact of increased market yields. although overall asset values are well in excess of amortized cost, there are specific securities with amortized cost in excess of fair value by $219 million in aggregate as of december 31, 2015. see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
as of december 31, 2015, $17.5 billion, or 89%, of the fixed maturities in our investment portfolio were investment grade (baa and above, or equivalent), and the remaining $2.0 billion were below investment grade. the majority of the bonds that are below investment grade are rated at the higher end of the non-investment grade spectrum. these quality characteristics have not materially changed from the prior year.
our investment in state and local government securities, with an average quality rating of aa2 is diversified by issuer and geography with no single exposure greater than $30 million. we assess each issuer's credit quality based on a fundamental analysis of underlying financial information and do not rely solely on statistical rating organizations or monoline insurer guarantees.
we invest in high quality foreign government obligations, with an average quality rating of aa3 as of december 31, 2015. these investments are primarily concentrated in asia consistent with the geographic distribution of our international business operations. foreign government obligations also include $205 million of investments in european sovereign debt, none of which are in countries with significant political or economic concerns (portugal, italy, ireland, greece, and spain).
back to contents part ii item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations natural gas sector of $1.5 billion with gross unrealized losses of $59 million. these investments have an average quality rating of baa1 and are diversified by issuer with no single exposure greater than $35 million.
we have approximately $25 million of aggregate corporate fixed maturity investments in china-based companies. in addition to amounts classified in fixed maturities on our consolidated balance sheet, we operate a joint venture in china in which we have a 50% ownership interest. we account for this joint venture on the equity basis of accounting and report it in other assets, including other intangibles. this entity has an investment portfolio of approximately $2 billion that is primarily invested in diversified corporate fixed maturities and has no investments with a material unrealized loss as of december 31, 2015.
commercial mortgage loans our commercial mortgage loans are fixed rate loans, diversified by property type, location and borrower. loans are secured by high quality commercial properties and are generally made at less than 70% of the property's value at origination of the loan. property value, debt service coverage, quality, building tenancy and stability of cash flows are all important financial underwriting considerations. we hold no direct residential mortgage loans and do not securitize or service mortgage loans.
we completed an annual in-depth review of our commercial mortgage loan portfolio during the second quarter of 2015. this review included an analysis of each property's year-end 2014 financial statements, rent rolls, operating plans and budgets for 2015, a physical inspection of the property and other pertinent factors. based on property values and cash flows estimated as part of this review and subsequent fundings and repayments, the portfolio's average loan-to-value ratio improved to 58% at december 31, 2015, from 63% as of december 31, 2014, and the portfolio's average debt service coverage ratio also improved to 1.78 at december 31, 2015 from 1.66 as of december 31, 2014. these improvements reflect payoffs of loans with below average debt service coverage ratios and high loan to value ratios, as well as increased operating income and value across most underlying properties. see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
commercial real estate capital markets remain very active for well-leased, quality commercial real estate located in strong institutional investment markets. the vast majority of properties securing the mortgages in our mortgage portfolio possess these characteristics.
the $1.9 billion commercial mortgage loan portfolio consists of approximately 65 loans. the portfolio includes three impaired loans with a carrying value totaling $98 million, net of $15 million in reserves, that are classified as problem or potential problem loans. we have $205 million of loans maturing in the next twelve months. given the quality and diversity of the underlying real estate, positive debt service coverage and significant borrower cash investment or equity value averaging 30%, we remain confident that borrowers will continue to perform as expected under their contract terms.
other long-term investments other long-term investments of $1.4 billion primarily include investments in security partnership and real estate funds as well as direct investments in real estate joint ventures. the funds typically invest in mezzanine debt or equity of privately held companies (securities partnerships) and equity real estate. given our subordinate position in the capital structure of these underlying entities, we assume a higher level of risk for higher expected returns. to mitigate risk, investments are diversified across approximately 105 separate partnerships, and approximately 65 general partners who manage one or more of these partnerships. also, the funds' underlying investments are diversified by industry sector or property type, and geographic region. no single partnership investment exceeds 6% of our securities and real estate partnership portfolio.
"problem" bonds and commercial mortgage loans are either delinquent by 60 days or more or have been restructured as to terms, including concessions by us for modification of interest rate, principal payment or maturity date. "potential problem" bonds and commercial mortgage loans are considered current (no payment is more than 59 days past due), but management believes they have certain characteristics that increase the likelihood that they may become problems. the characteristics management considers include, but are not limited to, the following:
downgrade in credit rating;
collateral losses on asset-backed securities; and
we recognize interest income on problem bonds and commercial mortgage loans only when payment is actually received because of the risk profile of the underlying investment. the amount that would have been reflected in net income if interest on non-accrual investments had been recognized in accordance with the original terms was not significant for 2015 or 2014.
back to contents part ii item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following table shows problem and potential problem investments at amortized cost, net of valuation reserves and write-downs:
investment outlook global financial markets have exhibited continued volatility, including modest depreciation of fixed income asset values. this volatility reflects increasing global economic uncertainty, led by concerns about china's decelerating economic growth as well as the negative and potentially destabilizing impacts from cyclically low and falling energy prices. future realized and unrealized investment results will be driven largely by market conditions that exist when a transaction occurs or at the reporting date. these future conditions are not reasonably predictable. we believe that the vast majority of our fixed maturity investments will continue to perform under their contractual terms and that the commercial mortgage loan portfolio is positioned to perform well due to its solid aggregate loan-to-value ratio and strong debt service coverage. based on our strategy to match the duration of invested assets to the duration of insurance and contractholder liabilities, we expect to hold a significant portion of these assets for the long term. although future impairment losses resulting from interest rate movements and credit deterioration due to both company-specific and the global economic uncertainties discussed above remain possible, we do not expect these losses to have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or liquidity.
market risk financial instruments our assets and liabilities include financial instruments subject to the risk of potential losses from adverse changes in market rates and prices. our primary market risk exposures are:
interest-rate risk on fixed-rate, medium-term instruments. changes in market interest rates affect the value of instruments that promise a fixed return and our employee pension liabilities.
foreign currency exchange rate risk of the u.s. dollar primarily to the south korean won, euro, chinese yuan renminbi, taiwan dollar and british pound. an unfavorable change in exchange rates reduces the carrying value of net assets denominated in foreign currencies.
investment/liability matching.  we generally select investment assets with characteristics (such as duration, yield, currency and liquidity) that correspond to the underlying characteristics of our related insurance and contractholder liabilities so that we can match the investments to our obligations. shorter-term investments generally support shorter-term life and health liabilities. medium-term, fixed-rate investments support interest-sensitive and health liabilities. longer-term investments generally support products with longer pay out periods such as annuities and long-term disability liabilities.
use of local currencies for foreign operations.  we generally conduct our international business through foreign operating entities that maintain assets and liabilities in local currencies. while this technique does not reduce foreign currency exposure on our net assets, it substantially limits exchange rate risk to those net assets.
use of derivatives.  we use derivative financial instruments to minimize certain market risks. in 2014, we entered into interest rate swap contracts to convert a portion of our interest rate exposure on long-term debt from fixed rates to variable rates to more closely align interest expense with interest income received on our cash equivalent and short-term investment balances.
see notes 2(c) and 12 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information about financial instruments, including derivative financial instruments.
back to contents part ii item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations effect of market fluctuations the examples that follow illustrate the adverse effect of hypothetical changes in market rates or prices on the fair value of certain financial instruments including:
a hypothetical increase in market interest rates, primarily for fixed maturities and commercial mortgage loans, partially offset by liabilities for long-term, largely fixed-rate debt; and
changes in the fair values of all insurance-related assets and liabilities have been excluded because their primary risks are insurance rather than market risk;
changes in the fair values of investments recorded using the equity method of accounting and liabilities for pension and other postretirement and postemployment benefit plans (and related assets) have been excluded, consistent with the disclosure guidance; and
changes in the fair values of other significant assets and liabilities such as goodwill, deferred policy acquisition costs, taxes, and various accrued liabilities have been excluded; because they are not financial instruments, their primary risks are other than market risk.
the effects of hypothetical changes in market rates or prices on the fair values of certain of our financial instruments, subject to the exclusions noted above (particularly insurance liabilities), would have been as follows as of december 31:
the effect of a hypothetical increase in interest rates was determined by estimating the present value of future cash flows using various models, primarily duration modeling. the impact of a hypothetical increase to interest rates at december 31, 2015 was greater than that at december 31, 2014 reflecting increased purchases of longer duration assets, partially offset by valuation decreases resulting from higher market yields of fixed maturities during 2015.
the effect of a hypothetical strengthening of the u.s. dollar relative to the foreign currencies held by us was estimated to be 10% of the u.s. dollar equivalent fair value. our foreign operations hold investment assets, such as fixed maturities, cash, and cash equivalents, that are generally invested in the currency of the related liabilities. the effect of a hypothetical 10% strengthening in the u.s. dollar to foreign currencies at december 31, 2015 was greater than that effect at december 31, 2014 due to increased amounts of investments that are primarily denominated in the south korean won.
part ii item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk