item 1a.    risk factors set forth below and elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k are some of the principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual business results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements contained in this report and could individually, or in combination, have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position or cash flows. these risk factors should be considered in addition to our cautionary comments concerning forward-looking statements in this report, including statements related to markets for our products and trends in our business that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. our separate section above, "cautionary statements regarding forward-looking information," should be considered in addition to the following statements.
a sustained slowdown or significant downturn in our markets could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.
our financial performance in the last 3 years has been supported by improving demand in on-highway markets in north america, while demand in most international markets has been weak. our revenues from international markets have been significantly impacted by unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations related to the stronger u.s. dollar and slower growth in emerging markets, especially china, which has negatively impacted global demand for off-highway equipment. if the global economy or some of our significant markets encounter a sustained slowdown, depending upon the length, duration and severity of such a slowdown, our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows would almost certainly be materially adversely affected. specifically, our revenues would likely decrease, we may be forced to consider further restructuring actions, we may need to increase our allowance for doubtful accounts, our days sales outstanding may increase and we could experience impairments to assets of certain of our businesses.
we recognize significant sales of engines and components to a few large truck oems in north america. the north american on-highway markets have been a large driver of our positive business results for the last few years. if the north american truck market suffers a significant downturn, or if one of our large truck oem customers experiences financial distress or bankruptcy, such circumstance would likely lead to significant reductions in our revenues and earnings, commercial disputes, receivable collection issues, and other negative consequences that could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations.
several of our engine customers, including paccar, volvo ab, navistar, fiat chrysler daimler and dcec, are truck manufacturers or oems that manufacture engines for some of their own products. despite their own engine manufacturing abilities, these customers have historically chosen to outsource certain types of engine production to us due to the quality of our engine products, our emission capabilities, our systems integration, their customers' preferences, their desire for cost reductions, their desire for eliminating production risks and their desire to maintain company focus. however, there can be no assurance that these customers will continue to outsource, or outsource as much of, their engine production in the future. in fact, several of these customers have expressed their intention to significantly increase their own engine production and to decrease engine purchases from us. in addition, increased levels of oem vertical integration could result from a number of factors, such as shifts in our customers' business strategies, acquisition by a customer of another engine manufacturer, the inability of third-party suppliers to meet product specifications and the emergence of low-cost production opportunities in foreign countries. any significant reduction in the level of engine production outsourcing from our truck manufacturer or oem customers could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
the discovery of any significant problems with our recently-introduced engine platforms in north america could materially adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow.
the epa and carb have certified all of our 2012/2013 on-highway and off-highway engines, which utilize scr technology to meet requisite emission levels. we introduced scr technology into our engine platforms in 2010. the effective performance of scr technology and the overall performance of these engine platforms impact a number of our operating segments and remain crucial to our success in north america. while these 2010 and 2013 engine platforms have generally performed well in the field, the discovery of any significant problems in these platforms could result in recall campaigns, increased warranty costs, reputational risk and brand risk, and could materially adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.
infrastructure development has been a significant driver of growth over time, but as the pace of investment in infrastructure has slowed in recent years, especially in the emerging markets of china and brazil, demand for our products in off-highway markets has weakened. if the slowdown in infrastructure development continues or increases in severity as a result of weaker economic growth or other circumstances, our business could be adversely affected.
unpredictability in the adoption, implementation and enforcement of increasingly stringent emission standards by multiple jurisdictions around the world could adversely affect our business.
our engines are subject to extensive statutory and regulatory requirements governing emission and noise, including standards imposed by the epa, the european union, state regulatory agencies (such as the carb) and other regulatory agencies around the world. we have made, and will be required to continue to make, significant capital and research expenditures to comply with these emission standards. developing engines and components to meet numerous changing government regulatory requirements, with different implementation timelines and emission requirements, makes developing engines efficiently for multiple markets complicated and could result in substantial additional costs that may be difficult to recover in certain markets. in some cases, we may be required to develop new products to comply with new regulations, particularly those relating to air emissions. while we have met previous deadlines, our ability to comply with other existing and future regulatory standards will be essential for us to maintain our position in the engine markets we serve. the successful development and introduction of new and enhanced products in order to comply with new regulatory requirements are subject to other risks, such as delays in product development, cost over-runs and unanticipated technical and manufacturing difficulties.in addition to these risks, the nature and timing of government implementation and enforcement of increasingly stringent emission standards in emerging markets are unpredictable and subject to change. any delays in implementation or enforcement could result in the products we developed or modified to comply with these standards becoming unnecessary or becoming necessary later than expected thereby, in some cases, negating our competitive advantage. this in turn can delay, diminish or eliminate the expected return on capital and research expenditures that we have invested in such products and may adversely affect our perceived competitive advantage in being an early, advanced developer of compliant engines.
we conduct operations in many areas of the world involving transactions denominated in a variety of currencies. we are subject to foreign currency exchange rate risk to the extent that our costs are denominated in currencies other than those in which we earn revenues. in addition, since our financial statements are denominated in u.s. dollars, changes in foreign currency exchange rates between the u.s. dollar and other currencies have had, and will continue to have, an impact on our results of operations. the u.s. dollar has strengthened in recent years and has resulted in material unfavorable impacts on our financial statements. if the u.s. dollar continues to strengthen against other currencies, we will continue to experience additional unfavorable impacts to our financial statements.while we customarily enter into financial transactions that attempt to address these risks and many of our supply agreements with customers include foreign currency exchange rate adjustment provisions, there can be no assurance that foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations will not adversely affect our results of operations. in addition, while the use of currency hedging instruments may provide us with some protection from adverse fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, by utilizing these instruments we potentially forego the benefits that might result from favorable fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. we also face risks arising from the imposition of foreign exchange controls and currency devaluations. foreign exchange controls may limit our ability to convert foreign currencies into u.s. dollars or to remit dividends and other payments by our foreign subsidiaries or businesses located in or conducted within a country imposing controls. currency devaluations result in a diminished value of funds denominated in the currency of the country instituting the devaluation.
for 2015, we recognized $315 million of equity, royalty and interest income from investees, compared to $370 million in 2014. approximately half of our equity, royalty and interest income from investees is from three of our 50 percent owned joint ventures in china, beijing foton cummins engine co., ltd. (bfcec), dongfeng cummins engine company, ltd. (dcec) and chongqing cummins engine company, ltd. (ccec). as a result, although a significant percentage of our net income is derived from these unconsolidated entities, we do not unilaterally control their management or their operations, which puts a substantial portion of our net income at risk from the actions or inactions of these entities. a significant reduction in the level of contribution by these entities to our net income would likely have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
we may fail to realize all of the expected enhanced revenue, earnings, cash flow, cost savings and other benefits from the integration of our partially-owned united states and canadian distributors.
our ability to realize all of the expected enhanced revenue, earnings, cash flow, cost savings and other benefits from our recent distributor acquisitions will depend, in substantial part, on our ability to successfully complete the integration of the acquired distributors with our other businesses. while we believe we will ultimately achieve these expected benefits, it is possible that we will be unable to achieve all of the objectives within our anticipated time frame or in the anticipated amounts. the expected benefits from integration also may not be fully realized or may be delayed due to certain prohibitions in applicable state franchise and distributor laws. if we are not able to successfully complete our integration strategy, the anticipated enhanced revenue, earnings, cash flow, cost savings and other benefits, resulting from our distributor acquisitions may not be realized fully or may take longer to realize than expected.
delays encountered or increased costs incurred in completing the integration of these acquisitions could negatively impact our revenues, expenses, operating results, cash flow and financial condition after completion of the acquisitions, including the loss of current customers or suppliers, increased exposure to legal claims and other liabilities and the distraction or departure of key managers and employees.
our plan to grow through strategic acquisitions may expose us to additional costs and risks.
part of our strategic plan is to increase our revenue and earnings by strategic acquisitions if we determine they are likely to provide future financial and operational benefits. there can be no assurance that we will be able to identify suitable candidates or consummate these acquisitions on favorable terms. the successful identification and completion of any strategic acquisition depends on a number of factors that are not entirely within our control, including the availability of suitable candidates and our ability to negotiate terms acceptable to all parties involved, conclude satisfactory agreements and obtain all necessary regulatory approvals. accordingly, we may not be able to successfully negotiate and complete a specific transaction. in addition, our ability to effectively integrate any potential acquisition into our existing business and culture may not be successful, which could jeopardize future financial and operational performance for the combined businesses. the exploration, negotiation and consummation of strategic transactions may involve significant expenditures by us, which may adversely affect our results of operations at the time such expenses are incurred, and may divert management's attention from our existing business. acquisitions also may have adverse effects on our existing business relationships with suppliers and customers.if required, the financing for strategic transactions could result in an increase in our indebtedness, dilute the interests of our shareholders or both. any acquisition may not be accretive to us for a significant period of time following the completion of such acquisition. in addition, if an acquisition results in any additional goodwill or increase in other intangible assets on our balance sheet and subsequently becomes impaired, we would be required to record a non-cash impairment charge, which could result in a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
we may experience difficulties and delays or unexpected costs in completing our restructuring and cost reduction initiatives, including achieving any anticipated savings and other benefits of these initiatives.
during the fourth quarter of 2015, we undertook restructuring and cost reduction initiatives to respond to the slowdown in our global markets. as we implement these initiatives, we may not realize anticipated savings or other benefits from one or more of the initiatives in the amounts or within the time periods we expect. other events and circumstances, such as implementation difficulties and delays or unexpected costs, may occur which could result in our not realizing our targeted cost reductions. we are also subject to the risks of negative publicity and business disruption in connection with our restructuring and other cost reduction initiatives. if we are unable to realize the expected savings or benefits from these initiatives, certain aspects of our business may be adversely affected. if we experience any of these circumstances or otherwise fail to realize the anticipated savings or benefits from our restructuring and cost reduction initiatives, our results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
during 2015, we single sourced approximately 56 percent of the total types of parts in our product designs, compared to approximately 55 percent in 2014. any delay in our suppliers' deliveries may adversely affect our operations at multiple manufacturing locations, forcing us to seek alternative supply sources to avoid serious disruptions. delays may be caused by factors affecting our suppliers, including capacity constraints, labor disputes, economic downturns, availability of credit, the impaired financial condition of a particular supplier, suppliers' allocations to other purchasers, weather emergencies, natural disasters or acts of war or terrorism. any extended delay in receiving critical supplies could impair our ability to deliver products to our customers and our results of operations.
our products are exposed to variability in material and commodity costs.
our businesses establish prices with our customers in accordance with contractual time frames; however, the timing of material and commodity market price increases may prevent us from passing these additional costs on to our customers through timely pricing actions. additionally, higher material and commodity costs around the world may offset our efforts to reduce our cost structure. while we customarily enter into financial transactions and contractual pricing adjustment provisions with our customers that attempt to address some of these risks (notably with respect to copper, platinum and palladium), there can be no assurance that commodity price fluctuations will not adversely affect our results of operations. in addition, while the use of commodity price hedging instruments and contractual pricing adjustments may provide us with some protection from adverse fluctuations in commodity prices, by utilizing these instruments we potentially forego the benefits that might result from favorable fluctuations in price. as a result, higher material and commodity costs, as well as hedging these commodity costs during periods of decreasing prices, could result in declining margins.
our products may be subject to recall for performance or safety-related issues. product recalls subject us to harm to our reputation, loss of current and future customers, reduced revenue and product recall costs. product recall costs are incurred when we decide, either voluntarily or involuntarily, to recall a product through a formal campaign to solicit the return of specific products due to a known or suspected performance issue. any significant product recalls could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
we face significant competition in the markets we serve.
the markets in which we operate are highly competitive. we compete worldwide with a number of other manufacturers and distributors that produce and sell similar products. we primarily compete in the market with diesel engines and related diesel products; however, new technologies continue to be developed for gasoline, natural gas and other technologies and we will continue to face new competition from these expanding technologies. our products primarily compete on the basis of price, performance, fuel economy, speed of delivery, quality and customer support. we also face competitors in some emerging markets who have established local practices and long standing relationships with participants in these markets. there can be no assurance that our products will be able to compete successfully with the products of other companies and in other markets. for a more complete discussion of the competitive environment in which each of our segments operates, see "operating segments" in "item 1 business."
increasing global competition among our customers may affect our existing customer relationships and restrict our ability to benefit from some of our customers' growth.
as our customers in emerging markets continue to grow in size and scope, they are increasingly seeking to export their products to other countries. this has meant greater demand for our advanced engine technologies to help these customers meet the more stringent emissions requirements of developed markets, as well as greater demand for access to our distribution systems for purposes of equipment servicing. as these emerging market customers enter into and begin to compete in more developed markets, they may increasingly begin to compete with our existing customers in these markets. our further aid to emerging market customers could adversely affect our relationships with developed market customers and, as a result, we may be pressured to restrict sale or support of some of our products in the areas of increased competition. in addition, to the extent the competition does not correspond to overall growth in demand, we may see little or no benefit from this type of expansion by our emerging market customers.
we are exposed to, and may be adversely affected by, potential security breaches or other disruptions to our information technology systems and data security.
we rely on the capacity, reliability and security of our information technology systems and data security infrastructure in connection with various aspects of our business activities. we also rely on our ability to expand and continually update these systems and infrastructure in response to the changing needs of our business. as we implement new systems, they may not perform as expected. we also face the challenge of supporting our older systems and implementing necessary upgrades. in addition, some of these systems are managed by third party service providers and are not under our direct control. if we experience a problem with an important information technology system, including during system upgrades and/or new system implementations, the resulting disruptions could have an adverse effect on our business and reputation.
the information handled by our information technology systems is vulnerable to security threats. our operations routinely involve receiving, storing, processing and transmitting sensitive information pertaining to our business, customers, dealers, suppliers, employees and other sensitive matters. information technology security threats such as security breaches, computer malware and other "cyber attacks," which are increasing in both frequency and sophistication could result in unauthorized disclosures of information and create financial liability, subject us to legal or regulatory sanctions or damage our reputation
with customers, dealers, suppliers and other stakeholders. we continuously seek to maintain a robust program of information security and controls, but the impact of a material information technology event could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and cash flow.
we are exposed to political, economic and other risks that arise from operating a multinational business.
approximately 44 percent of our net sales for 2015 and 48 percent in 2014 were attributable to customers outside the u.s. accordingly, our business is subject to the political, economic and other risks that are inherent in operating in numerous countries. these risks include:
•   the imposition of taxes on foreign income and tax rates in certain foreign countries that exceed those in the u.s.;
•   the imposition of tariffs, exchange controls or other restrictions;
•   required compliance with a variety of foreign laws and regulations; and
•   changes in general economic and political conditions in countries where we operate, particularly in emerging markets.
as we continue to operate our business globally, our success will depend, in part, on our ability to anticipate and effectively manage these and other related risks. there can be no assurance that the consequences of these and other factors relating to our multinational operations will not have a material adverse effect upon us.
unanticipated changes in our effective tax rate, the adoption of new tax legislation or exposure to additional income tax liabilities could adversely affect our profitability.
we are subject to income taxes in the u.s. and numerous international jurisdictions. our income tax provision and cash tax liability in the future could be adversely affected by changes in the distribution of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes to our assertions regarding permanent reinvestment of our foreign earnings, changes in tax laws and the discovery of new information in the course of our tax return preparation process. the carrying value of deferred tax assets, which are predominantly in the u.s., is dependent on our ability to generate future taxable income in the u.s. we are also subject to ongoing tax audits. these audits can involve complex issues, which may require an extended period of time to resolve and can be highly judgmental. tax authorities may disagree with certain tax reporting positions taken by us and, as a result, assess additional taxes against us. we regularly assess the likely outcomes of these audits in order to determine the appropriateness of our tax provision. the amounts ultimately paid upon resolution of these or subsequent tax audits could be materially different from the amounts previously included in our income tax provision and, therefore, could have a material impact on our tax provision.
due to the international scope of our operations, we are subject to a complex system of commercial and trade regulations around the world. recent years have seen an increase in the development and enforcement of laws regarding trade compliance and anti-corruption such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and similar laws from other countries. our numerous foreign subsidiaries, affiliates and joint venture partners are governed by laws, rules and business practices that differ from those of the u.s. the activities of these entities may not comply with u.s. laws or business practices or our code of business conduct. violations of these laws may result in severe criminal or civil sanctions, could disrupt our business, and result in an adverse effect on our reputation, business and results of operations or financial condition. we cannot predict the nature, scope or effect of future regulatory requirements to which our operations might be subject or the manner in which existing laws might be administered or interpreted.
we face the challenge of accurately aligning our capacity with our demand.
we can experience idle capacity as economies slow or demand for certain products decline. accurately forecasting our expected volumes and appropriately adjusting our capacity have been, and will continue to be, important factors in determining our results of operations. if we overestimate our demand and overbuild our capacity, we may have significantly underutilized assets and we may experience reduced margins. if we do not accurately align our manufacturing capabilities with demand it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
our business is exposed to risks of product liability claims.
we face an inherent business risk of exposure to product liability claims in the event that our products' failure to perform to specification results or is alleged to result in property damage, bodily injury and/or death. at any given time, we are subject to various and multiple product liability claims, any one of which, if decided adversely to us, may have a material adverse effect on our reported results of operation in the period in which our liability with respect to any such claim is recognized. while we maintain insurance coverage with respect to certain product liability claims, we may not be able to obtain such insurance on acceptable terms in the future, if at all, and any such insurance may not provide adequate coverage against product liability claims. in addition, product liability claims can be expensive to defend and can divert the attention of management and other personnel for significant periods of time, regardless of the ultimate outcome. furthermore, even if we are successful in defending against a claim relating to our products, claims of this nature could cause our customers to lose confidence in our products and us.
our plants and operations are subject to increasingly stringent environmental laws and regulations in all of the countries in which we operate, including laws and regulations governing air emission, discharges to water and the generation, handling, storage, transportation, treatment and disposal of waste materials. while we believe that we are in compliance in all material respects with these environmental laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that we will not be adversely impacted by costs, liabilities or claims with respect to existing or subsequently acquired operations, under either present laws and regulations or those that may be adopted or imposed in the future. we are also subject to laws requiring the cleanup of contaminated property. if a release of hazardous substances occurs at or from any of our current or former properties or at a landfill or another location where we have disposed of hazardous materials, we may be held liable for the contamination and the amount of such liability could be material.
we are exposed to risks arising from the price and availability of energy.
the level of demand for our products and services is influenced in multiple ways by the price and availability of energy. high energy costs generally drive greater demand for better fuel economy in almost all countries in which we operate. some of our engine products have been developed with a primary purpose of offering fuel economy improvements, and if energy costs decrease or increase less than expected, demand for these products may likewise decrease. the relative unavailability of electricity in some emerging market countries also influences demand for our electricity generating products, such as our diesel generators. if these countries add energy capacity by expanding their power grids at a rate equal to or faster than the growth in demand for energy, the demand for our generating products could also decrease or increase less than would otherwise be the case.
significant declines in future financial and stock market conditions could diminish our pension plan asset performance and adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow.
we sponsor both funded and unfunded domestic and foreign defined benefit pension and other retirement plans. our pension cost and the required contributions to our pension plans are directly affected by the value of plan assets, the projected and actual rates of return on plan assets and the actuarial assumptions we use to measure our defined benefit pension plan obligations, including the discount rate at which future projected and accumulated pension obligations are discounted to a present value. we could experience increased pension cost due to a combination of factors, including the decreased investment performance of pension plan assets, decreases in the discount rate and changes in our assumptions relating to the expected return on plan assets.significant declines in future financial and stock market conditions could cause material losses in our pension plan assets, which could result in increased pension cost in future years and adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. depending upon the severity of market declines and government regulatory changes, we may be legally obligated to make pension payments in the u.s. and perhaps other countries and these contributions could be material.
at december 31, 2015, we employed approximately 55,200 persons worldwide. approximately 17,740 of our employees worldwide are represented by various unions under collective bargaining agreements that expire between 2016 and 2021. while we have no reason to believe that we will be materially impacted by work stoppages or other labor matters, there can be no assurance that future issues with our labor unions will be resolved favorably or that we will not encounter future strikes, work stoppages, or other types of conflicts with labor unions or our employees. any of these consequences may have an adverse effect on us or may limit our flexibility in dealing with our workforce. in addition, many of our customers and suppliers have unionized work forces. work stoppages or slow-downs experienced by our customers or suppliers could result in slow-downs or closures that would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow.
our financial statements are subject to changes in accounting standards that could adversely impact our profitability or financial position.
our financial statements are subject to the application of generally accepted accounting principles (gaap) in the united states of america, which are periodically revised and/or expanded. accordingly, from time to time we are required to adopt new or revised accounting standards issued by recognized authoritative bodies, including the financial accounting standards board. recently, accounting standard setters issued new guidance which further interprets or seeks to revise accounting pronouncements related to revenue recognition and lease accounting as well as to issue new standards expanding disclosures. the impact of accounting pronouncements that have been issued but not yet implemented is disclosed in our annual and quarterly reports on form 10-k and form 10-q. an assessment of proposed standards is not provided, as such proposals are subject to change through the exposure process and, therefore, their effects on our financial statements cannot be meaningfully assessed. it is possible that future accounting standards we are required to adopt could change the current accounting treatment that we apply to our consolidated financial statements and that such changes could have a material adverse effect on the reported results of operations and financial position.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations organization of information the following management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (md&a) was prepared to provide the reader with a view and perspective of our business through the eyes of management and should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes to those financial statements. our md&a is presented in the following sections:
•   liquidity and capital resources
•   contractual obligations and other commercial commitments
•   application of critical accounting estimates
•   recently adopted and recently issued accounting pronouncements executive summary and financial highlights we are a global power leader that designs, manufactures, distributes and services diesel and natural gas engines and engine-related component products, including filtration, aftertreatment, turbochargers, fuel systems, controls systems, air handling systems and electric power generation systems. we sell our products to original equipment manufacturers (oems), distributors and other customers worldwide. we have long-standing relationships with many of the leading manufacturers in the markets we serve, including paccar inc, daimler trucks north america, navistar international corporation, fiat chrysler automobiles (fiat chrysler), volvo ab, komatsu and man nutzfahrzeuge ag. we serve our customers through a network of approximately 600 company-owned and independent distributor locations and over 7,200 dealer locations in more than 190 countries and territories.
our reportable operating segments consist of the following: engine, distribution, components and power generation. this reporting structure is organized according to the products and markets each segment serves. the engine segment produces engines and parts for sale to customers in on-highway and various industrial markets. our engines are used in trucks of all sizes, buses and recreational vehicles, as well as in various industrial applications, including construction, mining, agriculture, marine, oil and gas, rail and military equipment. the distribution segment includes wholly-owned and partially-owned distributorships engaged in wholesaling engines, generator sets and service parts, as well as performing service and repair activities on our products and maintaining relationships with various oems throughout the world. the components segment sells filtration products, aftertreatment systems, turbochargers and fuel systems. the power generation segment is an integrated provider of power systems, which sells engines, generator sets and alternators.
our financial performance depends, in large part, on varying conditions in the markets we serve, particularly the on-highway, construction and general industrial markets. demand in these markets tends to fluctuate in response to overall economic conditions. our sales may also be impacted by oem inventory levels and production schedules and stoppages. economic downturns in markets we serve generally result in reduced sales of our products and can result in price reductions in certain products and/or markets. as a worldwide business, our operations are also affected by currency, political, economic and regulatory matters, including adoption and enforcement of environmental and emission standards, in the countries we serve. as part of our growth strategy, we invest in businesses in certain countries that carry high levels of these risks such as china, brazil, india, mexico, russia and countries in the middle east and africa. at the same time, our geographic diversity and broad product and service offerings have helped limit the impact from a drop in demand in any one industry or customer or the economy of any single country on our consolidated results.
international revenues, which declined by 11 percent with sales down in most of our markets, especially in brazil and europe as a result of their challenging economic conditions and slower growth in china. the decline in international sales was primarily due to unfavorable foreign currency impacts of 4 percent (primarily in the euro, brazilian real, australian dollar, canadian dollar, british pound and indian rupee), declines in international industrial markets led by declines in the commercial marine market and the construction market (primarily in europe) and lower demand in on-highway markets (primarily in brazil and china). revenue in the u.s. and canada improved by 7 percent primarily due to increased distribution segment sales related to the consolidation of north american distributors and higher demand in north american on-highway markets, partially offset by lower demand in construction and mining markets.
the following table contains sales and earnings before interest expense, income tax expense and noncontrolling interests (ebit) results by operating segment for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014. refer to the section titled "operating segment results" for a more detailed discussion of net sales and ebit by operating segment including the reconciliation of segment ebit to income before income taxes.
in millions                            sales                        ebit                       sales                ebit                    sales             ebit engine                           $10,449                55         %            $807       (1)(2)(3)     $10,962                57         %           $1,225            (5   )%        (34   )%
(2) the year ended december 31, 2015, included $90 million of restructuring actions and other charges. restructuring actions and other charges for the engine, distribution, components, power generation and non-segment segments were $26 million, $23 million, $13 million, $19 million and $9 million, respectively. see results of operations for additional information.
(3) the year ended december 31, 2015, included a $60 million accrual for a loss contingency. see note 14, "commitments and contingencies," to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
net income attributable to cummins inc. for 2015 was $1,399 million, or $7.84 per diluted share, on sales of $19.1 billion, compared to 2014 net income attributable to cummins inc. of $1,651 million, or $9.02 per diluted share, on sales of $19.2 billion. the decrease in net income and earnings per share was driven by our impairment of light-duty diesel assets, unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations, restructuring actions, loss contingency, lower other income as a result of larger gains recognized in 2014 from the acquisition of north american distributors and lower equity, royalty and interest income from investees. these decreases were partially offset by improved gross margin, lower research, development and engineering expenses and a lower effective tax rate of 27.4 percent in 2015 versus 28.7 percent in 2014. the increase in gross margin was primarily due to improved distribution segment sales from the consolidation of partially-owned north american distributors since december 31, 2013 and lower material and commodity costs, partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations (primarily in the australian dollar, canadian dollar, brazilian real and euro), unfavorable pricing, unfavorable mix and lower volumes. diluted earnings per share for 2015 benefited $0.14 per share from lower shares outstanding, primarily due to purchases under the stock repurchase program.
we generated $2.1 billion of operating cash flows in 2015, compared to $2.3 billion in 2014. refer to the section titled "cash flows" in the "liquidity and capital resources" section for a discussion of items impacting cash flows.
during 2015, we repurchased $900 million of common stock under our authorized repurchase plans. in november 2015, our board of directors authorized the acquisition of up to $1 billion of additional common stock upon the completion of the 2014 repurchase plan.
during 2015, we paid $120 million to acquire the remaining interest in three north american distributors, including the related debt retirements, and recognized a total gain of $18 million on the fair value adjustment resulting from the acquisition of the controlling interests in two of these previously unconsolidated entities. we plan to spend an additional $85 million to $110 million on north american distributor acquisitions and the related debt retirements in 2016. refer to note 20, "acquisitions," to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
on november 13, 2015, we entered into an amended and restated five-year revolving credit agreement with a syndicate of lenders. the credit agreement provides us with a $1.75 billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility, the proceeds of which are to be used for working capital or other general corporate purposes.
our debt to capital ratio (total capital defined as debt plus equity) at december 31, 2015, was 17.5 percent, compared to 17.2 percent at december 31, 2014. at december 31, 2015, we had $1.8 billion in cash and marketable securities on hand and access to our credit facilities, if necessary, to meet currently anticipated investment and funding needs. as of the date of filing this annual report on form 10-k, our credit ratings were as follows:
credit rating agency                    senior l-t    outlook   last updated debt rating standard &amp; poor's rating services   a+            stable    august 2014
fitch ratings                           a             stable    october 2015
our global pension plans, including our unfunded and non-qualified plans, were 111 percent funded at december 31, 2015. our u.s. qualified plan, which represents approximately 57 percent of the worldwide pension obligation, was 119 percent funded and our u.k. plan was 123 percent funded. we expect to contribute approximately $150 million to our global pension plans in 2016. refer to application of critical accounting estimates within md&a and note 10, "pension and other postretirement benefits," to the consolidated financial statements, for additional information concerning our pension and other post-retirement benefit plans.
in the fourth quarter of 2015, we recorded an impairment charge of $211 million related to our light-duty diesel manufacturing assets ($202 million in our engine segment and $9 million in our components segment) to adjust the assets to their fair value of $35 million ($33 million for the engine segment and $2 million for the components segment). see note 3, "impairment of light-duty diesel assets," to the consolidated financial statements, for additional information.
in the fourth quarter of 2015, we initiated a reduction in our worldwide work force of approximately 1,900 employees in response to lower demand for our products in the u.s. and key markets around the world. the employee reductions occurred across all parts of the company. we incurred a fourth quarter charge of $90 million ($61 million after-tax) for the headcount reductions, of which $86 million will be settled in cash and an additional $4 million for impairment and other related charges. we will continue to evaluate our manufacturing facilities and make adjustments as necessary to align with changing demand and drive efficiencies in our business. see note 4, "restructuring actions and other charges," to the consolidated financial statements, for additional information.
in the fourth quarter of 2015, we incurred a loss contingency of $60 million in other operating expense, net in our consolidated statements of income. see note 14, "commitments and contingencies," to the consolidated financial statements, for additional information. this charge was included in our engine segment results.
on february 9, 2016, we entered into an accelerated share repurchase (asr) agreement with goldman, sachs & co. to purchase $500 million of our common stock. this asr agreement is part of our previously announced share repurchase plans authorized by the board of directors. pursuant to the terms of the agreement, there will be an initial delivery of approximately 4 million shares. the final number of shares to be repurchased will be based on our volume-weighted average stock price during the terms of the transaction, less a discount. the asr is expected to be completed by the end of the second quarter of 2016.
2016 outlook near-term our outlook reflects the following positive trends in 2016:
•   we expect demand in india to improve in some end-markets as its economy continues to improve.
•   we may close or restructure additional manufacturing facilities as we evaluate the appropriate size and structure of our manufacturing capacity, which could result in additional charges.
•   weak economic conditions in brazil will continue to negatively impact demand across our businesses.
•   foreign currency volatility could continue to put pressure on our revenues and earnings.
•   demand for equipment in global mining markets is expected to remain weak and could continue to decline if commodity prices continue to weaken.
equity, royalty and interest income from investees                         315                   370                   361                  (55    )        (15   )%                9               2     %
•   foreign currency fluctuations unfavorably impacted sales approximately 4 percent (primarily in the euro, brazilian real, australian dollar, canadian dollar, british pound and indian rupee).
•   distribution segment sales increased 20 percent, principally related to the acquisitions of north american distributors since december 31, 2013.
sales to international markets (excluding the u.s. and canada), based on location of customers, were 39 percent of total net sales in 2015, compared with 44 percent of total net sales in 2014.
gross margin gross margin increased $86 million and 0.6 points as a percentage of sales, primarily due to improved distribution segment sales from the consolidation of partially-owned north american distributors since december 31, 2013 and lower material and commodity costs, partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations (primarily in the australian dollar, canadian dollar, brazilian real and euro), unfavorable pricing, unfavorable mix and lower volumes.
selling, general and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative expenses decreased $3 million, primarily due to lower consulting expenses of $41 million, partially offset by higher compensation and related expenses of $19 million (largely due to the acquisition of partially-owned north american distributors since december 31, 2013). compensation and related expenses include salaries, fringe benefits and variable compensation. overall, selling, general and administrative expenses, as a percentage of sales, was 10.9 percent in 2015 and 2014.
research, development and engineering expenses research, development and engineering expenses decreased $19 million, primarily due to higher expense recovery of $12 million, partially offset by higher consulting expenses of $8 million. overall, research, development and engineering expenses, as a percentage of sales, decreased to 3.8 percent in 2015 from 3.9 percent in 2014. research activities continue to focus on development of new products to meet future emission standards around the world and improvements in fuel economy performance.
equity, royalty and interest income from investees equity, royalty and interest income from investees decreased $55 million, primarily due to the consolidation of partially-owned north american distributors since december 31, 2013, of $74 million, lower earnings at dongfeng cummins engine company, ltd. of $16 million and chongqing cummins engine company, ltd. of $10 million. these decreases were partially offset by higher earnings at beijing foton cummins engine co., ltd. of $64 million as it continues to increase market share with the new heavy-duty engine platform introduced in 2014.
impairment of light-duty diesel assets we began development of a new north american light-duty diesel engine (ldd) platform in july of 2006 for use in a variety of on- and off-highway applications. since that time, and as of december 31, 2015, we capitalized investments of approximately $279 million, with a net book value prior to the impairment of $246 million ($235 million of which is in our engine segment and $11 million of which is in our components segment). market uncertainty due to the global recession in 2008/2009 resulted in some customers delaying or canceling their vehicle programs, while others remained active. we announced an agreement with nissan motor co. ltd. in 2013 to supply our light-duty diesel engine and began commercial shipment in 2015. in the fourth quarter of 2015, we learned that we were not successful in our bid to supply this product for an additional customer. in addition, the recent deterioration in global economic conditions and excess manufacturing capacity in other markets make it unlikely that we will manufacture additional products on the ldd line to utilize its excess capacity during the asset recovery period. as a result, we concluded that the combination of these events presented a triggering event requiring an assessment of the recoverability of these assets in the fourth quarter of 2015. the assessment indicated that the projected undiscounted cash flows related to this asset group were not sufficient to recover its carrying value. consequently, we were required to write down the ldd asset group to fair value. our fourth quarter results included an impairment charge of $211 million ($133 million after-tax), of which $202 million is in the engine segment and $9 million is in the components segment, to reflect the assets at fair value. we remain committed to servicing existing contracts and are not exiting this product line.
the fair value of the asset group was estimated to be $35 million ($33 million for the engine segment and $2 million for the components segment) and was calculated primarily using a cost approach with consideration of a market approach where
secondary market information was available for the type and age of these assets. in the application of the market approach, we determined that the liquidation value in-place reflected the best estimate of fair value. in the application of the cost approach we considered the current cost of replacing the assets with a reduction for physical deterioration given the age of the assets and a reduction for functional and economic obsolescence in the form of a discount reflecting the current and projected under-utilization of the assets. the fair value of these assets are considered level 3 under the fair value hierarchy as they are either derived from unobservable inputs or have significant adjustments to the observable inputs.
restructuring actions and other charges in the fourth quarter of 2015, we announced and executed restructuring actions primarily in the form of professional voluntary and involuntary employee separation programs in response to the continued deterioration in our global markets in the second half of 2015, as well as expected reductions in orders in most u.s. and global markets in 2016. we reduced our worldwide workforce by approximately 1,900 employees, including approximately 370 employees accepting voluntary retirement packages with the remainder of the reductions being involuntary. we incurred a charge of $90 million ($61 million after-tax) in the fourth quarter of 2015, which included $86 million for the severance costs related to both voluntary and involuntary terminations and $4 million for asset impairments and other charges.
employee termination and severance costs were recorded based on approved plans developed by the businesses and corporate management which specified positions to be eliminated, benefits to be paid under existing severance plans or statutory requirements and the expected timetable for completion of the plan. estimates of restructuring costs and benefits were made based on information available at the time charges were recorded. due to the inherent uncertainty involved, actual amounts paid for such activities may differ from amounts initially recorded and we may need to revise previous estimates.
at december 31, 2015, approximately 1,700 of the 1,900 employees affected by this plan were terminated. we expect to complete the substantial majority of this program by april of 2016.
loss on write off of assets                    (15     )               (23     )
(1)  see note 14, "commitments and contingencies," to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
gain on marketable securities, net                                             1                      14
(1) see note 20, "acquisitions," to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
income tax expense our income tax rates are generally less than the 35 percent u.s. statutory income tax rate, primarily because of lower taxes on foreign earnings and research tax credits. our effective tax rate for 2015 was 27.4 percent compared to 28.7 percent for 2014. the 1.3 percent decrease in our effective tax rate from 2014 to 2015 was primarily due to the release of reserves for uncertain tax positions related to a favorable audit settlement and favorable changes in the jurisdictional mix of pre-tax income.
we evaluate the recoverability of our deferred tax assets each quarter by assessing the likelihood of future profitability and available tax planning strategies that could be implemented to realize our net deferred tax assets. at december 31, 2015, we recorded net deferred tax assets of $356 million. these assets included $236 million for the value of tax loss and credit carryforwards. a valuation allowance of $209 million was recorded to reduce the tax assets to the net value management believed was more likely than not to be realized. in the event our operating performance deteriorates, future assessments could conclude that a larger valuation allowance will be needed to further reduce the deferred tax assets.
we expect our 2016 effective tax rate to be 28.5 percent, excluding any discrete items that may arise.
noncontrolling interests noncontrolling interests eliminate the income or loss attributable to non-cummins ownership interests in our consolidated entities. noncontrolling interests in income of consolidated subsidiaries decreased $14 million, primarily due to lower earnings
at wuxi cummins turbo technologies co. ltd. and a decline from the acquisition of the remaining interest in previously consolidated north american distributors since december 31, 2013.
net income and diluted earnings per share attributable to cummins inc. decreased $252 million and $1.18 per share primarily due to our impairment of light-duty diesel assets, unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations, restructuring actions, loss contingency, lower other income as a result of larger gains recognized in 2014 from the acquisition of north american distributors and lower equity, royalty and interest income from investees. these decreases were partially offset by improved gross margin, lower research, development and engineering expenses and a lower effective tax rate of 27.4 percent in 2015 versus 28.7 percent in 2014. diluted earnings per share for 2015 benefited $0.14 per share from lower shares outstanding, primarily due to purchases under the stock repurchase program.
•   distribution segment sales increased 38 percent, primarily due to the acquisitions of north american distributors.
•   power generation segment sales decreased 4 percent, mainly due to lower volumes within power products, alternators and power systems.
sales to international markets (excluding the u.s. and canada), based on location of customers, were 44 percent of total net sales in 2014, compared with 48 percent of total net sales in 2013.
gross margin gross margin increased $581 million and 0.6 points as a percentage of sales as higher volumes, improved distribution segment sales related to the consolidation of partially-owned north american distributors since december 31, 2012, lower material and commodity costs and favorable mix, were partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations (primarily the australian dollar, euro and canadian dollar).
selling, general and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative expenses increased $278 million, primarily due to higher compensation and related expenses of $118 million and increased consulting fees of $28 million. these increases were significantly impacted by the acquisition of our partially owned north american distributors since december 31, 2012. compensation and related expenses include salaries, fringe benefits and variable compensation. overall, selling, general and administrative expenses, as a percentage of sales, increased to 10.9 percent in 2014 from 10.5 percent in 2013.
research, development and engineering expenses research, development and engineering expenses increased $41 million, primarily due to higher compensation and related expenses of $44 million, partially offset by decreased consulting expenses of $7 million and increased expense recovery of $7 million. compensation and related expenses include salaries, fringe benefits and variable compensation. overall, research, development and engineering expenses, as a percentage of sales, decreased to 3.9 percent in 2014 from 4.1 percent in 2013.
equity, royalty and interest income from investees equity, royalty and interest income from investees increased $9 million as $27 million of increases spread broadly among our equity investees was partially offset by a $22 million decline due to the consolidation of the partially-owned north american distributors since december 31, 2012. the increases above were primarily due to higher earnings at komatsu cummins chile, ltda., dongfeng cummins engine company, ltd. and beijing foton cummins engine co., ltd. royalty and interest income increased $4 million compared to 2013.
loss on write off of assets                   $(23     )              $(14     )
gain on marketable securities, net                                            14                      13
(1) see note 20, "acquisitions," to the consolidated financial statements for more details.
income tax expense our income tax rates are generally less than the 35 percent u.s. statutory income tax rate, primarily because of lower taxes on foreign earnings and research tax credits. our effective tax rate for 2014 was 28.7 percent compared to 25.1 percent for 2013. the 3.6 percent increase in the effective tax rate from 2013 to 2014 is partially due to a 1.2 percent net tax benefit for one-time items in 2013 that did not repeat in 2014. these 2013 one-time items consisted primarily of the 2012 federal research tax credit that was reinstated during 2013. the additional 2.4 percent increase in tax rate from 2013 to 2014 is attributable primarily to the following unfavorable items that occurred in 2014: a tax law change in the u.k. resulting in a higher limitation on the deductibility of interest; unfavorable changes in the jurisdictional mix of pretax income; and increases in state valuation allowances.
we evaluate the recoverability of our deferred tax assets each quarter by assessing the likelihood of future profitability and available tax planning strategies that could be implemented to realize our net deferred tax assets. at december 31, 2014, we
recorded net deferred tax assets of $184 million. these assets included $190 million for the value of tax loss and credit carryforwards. a valuation allowance of $144 million was recorded to reduce the tax assets to the net value management believed was more likely than not to be realized.
noncontrolling interests noncontrolling interests in income of consolidated subsidiaries decreased $20 million, primarily due to a $23 million decline from the acquisition of the remaining interest in previously consolidated north american distributors since december 31, 2012.
net income and diluted earnings per share attributable to cummins inc. increased $168 million and $1.11 per share primarily due to higher gross margin, mainly driven by improved volumes and higher distribution segment sales related to the consolidation of partially-owned north american distributors since december 31, 2012. these increases were partially offset by higher selling, general and administrative expenses and a higher effective tax rate of 28.7 percent in 2014 versus 25.1 percent in 2013. diluted earnings per share for 2014 benefited $0.16 per share from lower shares outstanding, primarily due to purchases under the stock repurchase program.
in millions                                                    translation adjustment            primary currency driver vs. u.s. dollar               translation adjustment            primary currency driver vs. u.s. dollar       translation adjustment            primary currency driver vs. u.s. dollar wholly owned subsidiaries                                      $(261               )             british pound, brazilian real, chinese renminbi       $(208               )             british pound, brazilian real                 $(11                )             brazilian real, indian rupee, partially offset by british pound, chinese renminbi equity method investments                                      (29                 )             chinese renminbi, indian rupee                        (19                 )             russian rouble, chinese renminbi              (7                  )             indian rupee, canadian dollar, japanese yen, partially offset by chinese renminbi consolidated subsidiaries with a non-controlling interest      (15                 )             indian rupee, chinese renminbi                        (7                  )             indian rupee, chinese renminbi                (28                 )             indian rupee total                                                          $(305               )                                                                   $(234               )                                                           $(46                )
operating segment results our reportable operating segments consist of the engine, distribution, components and power generation segments. this reporting structure is organized according to the products and markets each segment serves. we use ebit as the primary basis for the chief operating decision-maker to evaluate the performance of each of our operating segments. segment amounts exclude certain expenses not specifically identifiable to segments. see note 21, "operating segments," to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
equity, royalty and interest income from investees             171                   147                   136                 24               16   %              11               8     %
impairment of light-duty diesel assets (2)                     202                     -                     -               (202    )          nm                   -              nm restructuring actions and other charges (2)                     26                     -                     -                (26    )          nm                   -              nm segment ebit                                                   807                 1,225                 1,041               (418    )         (34   )%            184              18     %
percentage points                   percentage points segment ebit as a percentage of total sales                    7.7    %             11.2    %             10.4    %                           (3.5   )                             0.8
(1) due to the acquisitions of north american distributors, sales previously recognized as external sales are now included in intersegment sales.
(2) see respective sections of results of operations for additional information.
in the first quarter of 2015, our engine segment reorganized its reporting structure to include the following markets:
•   medium-duty truck and bus - we manufacture medium-duty diesel engines ranging from 200 to 450 horsepower serving medium-duty truck and bus customers worldwide, with key markets including north america, latin america, europe and mexico. we also provide diesel or natural gas engines for school buses, transit buses and shuttle buses worldwide, with key markets including north america, europe, latin america and asia. we also provide diesel engines for class a motor homes (rvs), primarily in north america.
unit shipments by segment classification (including unit shipments to power generation) were as follows:
total unit shipments       584,600               608,100               566,200         (23,500   )           (4   )%         41,900                7     %
•   industrial engine sales decreased in all north american markets and most international markets driven by lower global demand in construction markets with decreased engine shipments of 27 percent, primarily in north america, europe and china and reduced demand in global commercial marine markets with decreased engine shipments of 16 percent.
•   foreign currency fluctuations unfavorably impacted sales results (primarily the brazilian real, euro and british pound).
•   medium-duty truck and bus sales increased due to higher demand in the north american medium-duty truck market with increased engine shipments of 14 percent and higher global bus demand with improved engine shipments of 10 percent. these increases were partially offset by weaker medium-duty truck demand in brazil.
segment ebit in the fourth quarter of 2015, we incurred an impairment charge of $202 million for our light-duty diesel assets and took a $60 million charge for a loss contingency. we also incurred a restructuring charge of $26 million for actions primarily in the form of professional voluntary and involuntary employee separation programs in response to the continued deterioration in our global markets in the second half of 2015, as well as expected reductions in orders in most u.s. and global markets in 2016.
engine segment ebit decreased $418 million versus 2014, primarily due to lower gross margin, an impairment of light-duty diesel assets, an accrual for a loss contingency and restructuring actions and other charges, partially offset by favorable foreign currency fluctuations (primarily the euro, british pound and mexican peso), lower selling, general and administrative expenses, higher equity, royalty and interest income from investees and lower research, development and engineering expenses. major components of ebit and related changes to segment ebit and ebit as a percentage of sales were as follows:
equity, royalty and interest income from investees               24                   16   %      0.3
(1) see respective sections of results of operations for additional information.
(2) see note 14, "commitments and contingencies," to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
the decrease in gross margin versus 2014 was primarily due to lower volumes and unfavorable mix, partially offset by lower material and commodity costs and favorable foreign currency fluctuations. the decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily due to lower consulting expenses and lower compensation expenses. the decrease in research, development and engineering expenses was primarily due to higher expense recovery from customers. the increase in equity, royalty and interest income from investees was primarily due to increased earnings at beijing foton cummins engine co., ltd. as the joint venture continued to increase market share with the new heavy-duty engine platform introduced in 2014, partially offset by lower earnings at dongfeng cummins engine company, ltd. and an asset impairment of $12 million.
•   heavy-duty truck engine sales increased due to improved demand in the north american heavy-duty truck market with higher engine shipments of 29 percent.
•   light-duty automotive sales increased, primarily due to a 9 percent increase in units shipped to chrysler.
segment ebit engine segment ebit increased $184 million versus 2013, primarily due to higher gross margin and higher equity, royalty and interest income from investees, partially offset by higher selling, general and administrative expenses and higher research, development and engineering expenses. major components of ebit and related changes to segment ebit and ebit as a percentage of sales were as follows:
equity, royalty and interest income from investees   11                                8      %                            (0.1   )
the increase in gross margin versus 2013 was primarily due to higher volumes, favorable mix, decreased material and commodity costs and improved pricing. the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily due to increased headcount and higher variable compensation expense. the increase in research, development and engineering expenses was primarily due to lower expense recovery, increased consulting, increased variable compensation and increased investment to support new product initiatives. the increase in equity, royalty and interest income from investees was primarily due to higher earnings from the light-duty side of the business at beijing foton cummins engine co., ltd.
equity, royalty and interest income from investees              78                   148                   165              (70    )         (47   )%              (17    )         (10   )%
restructuring actions and other charges (1)                     23                     -                     -              (23    )          nm                     -               nm segment ebit (2)                                               412                   491                   388              (79    )         (16   )%              103               27   %
percentage points                      percentage points segment ebit as a percentage of total sales (3)                6.6    %              9.5    %             10.3    %                         (2.9   )                               (0.8   )
(1)   see restructuring actions and other charges section of results of operations for additional information.
(2)   segment ebit for 2015, 2014 and 2013 included gains of $18 million, $73 million and $12 million, respectively, resulting from acquisitions of controlling interests in north american distributors. see note 20, "acquisitions," to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
(3)   north american distributor acquisitions are dilutive to segment ebit as a percentage of sales.
sales distribution segment sales increased $1,055 million versus 2014, primarily due to $1.4 billion of segment sales related to the consolidation of partially-owned north american distributors since december 31, 2013, $75 million of organic sales growth primarily in africa and asia pacific and $25 million of segment sales growth related to the acquisition of international distributors, partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations (primarily the australian dollar, canadian dollar, euro, south african rand and brazilian real) and decreased sales in china, western europe, south america and russia.
segment ebit in the fourth quarter of 2015, we incurred a restructuring charge of $23 million for actions primarily in the form of professional voluntary and involuntary employee separation programs in response to the continued deterioration in our global markets in the second half of 2015, as well as expected reductions in orders in most u.s. and global markets in 2016.
distribution segment ebit decreased $79 million versus 2014, primarily due to unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations (primarily the australian dollar, canadian dollar and south african rand), higher selling, general and administrative expenses, lower equity, royalty and interest income from investees and restructuring actions and other charges, partially offset by higher gross margin due to the acquisitions of north american distributors. the acquisitions resulted in $24 million and $36 million of additional amortization of intangible assets, partially offset by gains of $18 million and $73 million related to the remeasurement of our pre-existing ownership interests for north american distributor acquisitions in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (gaap) in 2015 and 2014, respectively. the decrease in equity, royalty and interest income from investees was the result of the acquisition of north american distributors. major components of ebit and related changes to segment ebit and ebit as a percentage of sales were as follows:
equity, royalty and interest income from investees           (70      )          (47    )%            (1.6                     )
(1) see restructuring actions and other charges section of results of operations for additional information.
sales distribution segment sales increased $1,425 million versus 2013, primarily due to $1.2 billion of segment sales related to the consolidation of partially-owned north american distributors since december 31, 2012, $290 million of organic sales growth primarily in north america, asia pacific, africa, europe and the middle east and $56 million of segment sales related to the acquisition of international distributors. these increases were partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations and decreased demand in india.
segment ebit distribution segment ebit increased $103 million versus 2013, primarily due to the acquisitions of north american distributors, partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations (primarily in the australian dollar and canadian dollar), higher selling, general and administrative expenses and lower equity, royalty and interest income from investees. the acquisitions resulted in gains of $73 million and $12 million for 2014 and 2013, respectively, related to the remeasurement of our pre-existing ownership interests in accordance with gaap, which were partially offset by $36 million and $14 million of amortization of intangible assets in 2014 and 2013, respectively, for north american distributor acquisitions. the decrease in equity, royalty and interest income from investees was the result of the acquisition of north american distributors. major components of ebit and related changes to segment ebit and ebit as a percentage of sales were as follows:
equity, royalty and interest income from investees   (17           )             (10    )%            (1.5                     )
equity, royalty and interest income from investees              35                    36                    28                 (1    )         (3    )%             8              29     %
impairment of light-duty diesel assets (2)                       9                     -                     -                 (9    )         nm                   -              nm restructuring actions and other charges (2)                     13                     -                     -                (13    )         nm                   -              nm segment ebit                                                   727                   684                   527                 43               6     %           157              30     %
percentage points                   percentage points segment ebit as a percentage of total sales                   14.1    %             13.4    %             12.1    %                           0.7                                 1.3
(1) due to the acquisitions of north american distributors, sales previously recognized as external sales are now included in intersegment sales.
(2) see respective sections of results of operations for additional information.
unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations were primarily driven by the euro, brazilian real and british pound.
segment ebit in the fourth quarter of 2015, we incurred a restructuring charge of $13 million for actions primarily in the form of professional voluntary and involuntary employee separation programs in response to the continued deterioration in our global markets in the second half of 2015, as well as expected reductions in orders in most u.s. and global markets in 2016. we also incurred an impairment charge of $9 million for our light-duty diesel assets.
components segment ebit increased $43 million versus 2014, primarily due to higher gross margin and lower selling, general and administrative expenses, partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations (primarily the euro and brazilian real), restructuring actions and other charges, an impairment of light-duty diesel assets and higher research, development and engineering expenses. major components of ebit and related changes to segment ebit and ebit as a percentage of sales were as follows:
equity, royalty and interest income from investees               (1      )          (3     )%            -
(1) see respective sections of results of operations for additional information.
the increase in gross margin was primarily due to lower material and commodity costs and higher volumes, partially offset by unfavorable pricing and unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations (primarily the euro and brazilian real). the decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily due to lower consulting expenses and lower compensation expenses. the increase in research, development and engineering expenses was primarily due to higher consulting expenses and higher compensation expenses, partially offset by higher expense recovery.
the increases above were partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations (primarily the brazilian real and south african rand, partially offset by the british pound).
segment ebit components segment ebit increased $157 million versus 2013, primarily due to higher gross margin and higher equity, royalty and interest income from investees, partially offset by higher selling, general and administrative expenses and higher research, development and engineering expenses. major components of ebit and related changes to segment ebit and ebit as a percentage of sales were as follows:
equity, royalty and interest income from investees   8                                29      %                                                   0.1
the increase in gross margin was primarily due to higher volumes, mainly in the emission solutions business and lower material and commodity costs, partially offset by unfavorable pricing and unfavorable foreign currency adjustments (primarily the euro). the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily due to higher headcount to support business growth. the increase in research, development and engineering expenses was primarily due to higher headcount to support our strategic growth initiatives, partially offset by increased expense recovery.
equity, royalty and interest income from investees              31                    39                    32                (8    )         (21   )%              7               22   %
restructuring actions and other charges (2)                     19                     -                     -               (19    )          nm                   -               nm segment ebit                                                   156                   168                   218               (12    )          (7   )%            (50    )         (23   )%
percentage points                    percentage points segment ebit as a percentage of total sales                    5.7    %              5.8    %              7.2    %                          (0.1   )                             (1.4   )
(1) due to the acquisitions of north american distributors, sales previously recognized as external sales are now included in intersegment sales.
(2) see restructuring actions and other charges section of results of operations for additional information.
in the first quarter of 2015, our power generation segment reorganized its reporting structure to include the following businesses:
•   power systems - we manufacture generators for commercial and consumer applications ranging from 2 kilowatts to 3.5 megawatts, as well as paralleling systems and transfer switches for applications such as data centers, health care facilities and waste water treatment plants.
segment ebit in the fourth quarter of 2015, we incurred a restructuring charge of $19 million for actions primarily in the form of professional voluntary and involuntary employee separation programs in response to the continued deterioration in our global markets in the second half of 2015, as well as expected reductions in orders in most u.s. and global markets in 2016.
power generation segment ebit decreased $12 million versus 2014, primarily due to lower gross margin, restructuring charges and other actions and lower equity, royalty and interest income from investees, partially offset by lower selling, general and administrative expenses and lower research, development and engineering expenses. major components of ebit and related changes to segment ebit and ebit as a percentage of sales were as follows:
equity, royalty and interest income from investees      (8            )             (21    )%            (0.2                     )
(1) see restructuring actions and other charges section of results of operations for additional information.
the decrease in gross margin versus 2014 was primarily due to lower volumes and unfavorable pricing, partially offset by savings from operating actions taken in december of 2014. the decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily due to lower compensation expenses as the result of operating actions taken in december of 2014 and lower consulting expenses. the decrease in research, development and engineering expenses was primarily due to lower compensation expenses as the result of operating actions taken in december of 2014. the decrease in equity, royalty and interest income from investees was primarily due to lower earnings in china and mexico.
sales power generation segment sales decreased $135 million overall and declined in all lines of business and across most markets versus 2013, primarily due to lower industrial activity. the following are the primary drivers by business:
•   power products sales decreased, primarily due to lower demand in north america driven by declining military sales and lower demand in india, mexico and russia, partially offset by increases in china, africa and western europe.
operating actions power generation took multiple actions in the fourth quarter of 2014 to reduce its future cost structure. costs associated with these actions were $32 million and are primarily related to the closure of a plant in germany. we also initiated other targeted actions throughout the business including various headcount reductions to better align capacity with the current levels of demand. these actions resulted in a power generation headcount reduction of approximately 250 employees and unfavorable impacts to gross margin of $22 million, selling, general and administrative expense of $6 million and research and development expenses of $4 million. the majority of these costs were accrued as of december 31, 2014, and were paid in 2015.
segment ebit power generation segment ebit decreased $50 million versus 2013, primarily due to lower gross margin, higher selling, general and administrative expenses and higher research, development and engineering expenses, partially offset by higher equity, royalty and interest income from investees. major components of ebit and related changes to segment ebit and ebit as a percentage of sales were as follows:
equity, royalty and interest income from investees   7                       22               %   0.2
the decrease in gross margin versus 2013 was primarily due to lower volume, operating actions taken in the fourth quarter of 2014 and unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations (primarily the euro), partially offset by higher warranty costs and favorable mix. the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses and research, development and engineering expenses was primarily due to operating actions taken in the fourth quarter of 2014 and higher compensation expenses. the favorable increase in equity, royalty and interest income from investees was due to an $8 million impairment charge of an equity method investment in 2013.
reconciliation of segment ebit to income before income taxes the table below reconciles the segment information to the corresponding amounts in the consolidated statements of income.
total ebit                          $2,102                $2,568                $2,174
non-segment ebit (1)                   (12    )              (70    )              (14    )
total segment ebit                   2,090                 2,498                 2,160
(1) includes intersegment sales and profit in inventory eliminations and unallocated corporate expenses. there were no significant unallocated corporate expenses for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013.
liquidity and capital resources key working capital and balance sheet data we fund our working capital with cash from operations and short-term borrowings when necessary. various assets and liabilities, including short-term debt, can fluctuate significantly from month to month depending on short-term liquidity needs. as a result, working capital is a prime focus of management attention. working capital and balance sheet measures are provided in the following table:
working capital (1)                                     $4,144                   $5,034
total debt as a percent of total capital (2)              17.5      %              17.2      %
(1) working capital includes cash and cash equivalents.
(2) total capital is defined as total debt plus equity.
net cash provided by operating activities                             $2,059                $2,266                $2,089            $(207         )                $177
net cash used in investing activities                                   (918    )           (1,234    )             (846    )   316                                (388      )
net cash (used in) provided by financing activities                   (1,644    )           (1,343    )               52            (301          )              (1,395      )
net cash provided by operating activities decreased $207 million versus 2014, primarily due to lower consolidated net income of $266 million and unfavorable working capital fluctuations of $328 million, partially offset by the impact of the non-cash impairment of light-duty diesel assets of $211 million. during 2015, the higher working capital requirements resulted in a cash outflow of $260 million compared to a cash inflow of $68 million in 2014. this change of $328 million was primarily driven by a decrease in accrued expenses and accounts payable, partially offset by a decrease in inventory and accounts and notes receivable.
net cash used in investing activities decreased $316 million versus 2014, primarily due to lower cash investment for the acquisitions of businesses of $319 million.
net cash used in financing activities increased $301 million versus 2014, primarily due to higher common stock repurchases of $230 million and higher dividend payments of $110 million.
net cash provided by operating activities increased $177 million versus 2013, primarily due to higher consolidated net income and favorable working capital fluctuations, partially offset by unfavorable deferred income taxes and higher pension contributions in excess of expense. during 2014, the lower working capital resulted in a cash inflow of $68 million, compared to a cash outflow of $65 million in 2013. this change of $133 million was primarily driven by an increase in accrued expenses and accounts payable, partially offset by an increase in other current assets and inventories in 2014, versus the comparable period in 2013. the increase in accrued expenses was primarily due to higher income taxes payable, while the change in other current assets was largely due to the receipt of an income tax refund in 2013.
net cash used in investing activities increased $388 million versus 2013, primarily due to higher cash investment for the acquisition of businesses in 2014 of $289 million and higher capital expenditures of $67 million, partially offset by reduced purchases of corporate owned life insurance of $40 million.
net cash used in financing activities increased $1,395 million versus 2013, primarily due to lower proceeds from borrowings of $949 million. in september 2013, we issued $1 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes consisting of $500 million aggregate principal amount of 3.65% senior unsecured notes due in 2023 and $500 million aggregate principal amount of 4.875% senior unsecured notes due in 2043. net proceeds from the issuance were $979 million.
sources of liquidity we generate significant ongoing cash flow, which has been used, in part, to fund working capital, common stock repurchases, capital expenditures, dividends on our common stock, acquisitions, projected pension obligations, debt service and restructuring actions and other charges. cash provided by operations is our principal source of liquidity with $2.1 billion provided in 2015.
at december 31, 2015, our sources of liquidity included:
•   revolving credit facility with $1.74 billion available, net of letters of credit,
•   international and other domestic short-term credit facilities with $184 million available and
•   marketable securities of $100 million, of which 66 percent is located in india and 33 percent is located in the u.s. and the majority of which could be liquidated into cash within a few days.
cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities a significant portion of our cash flow is generated outside the u.s. at december 31, 2015, the total of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities held by foreign subsidiaries was $1.3 billion, the vast majority of which was located in the u.k., china and singapore. the geographic location of our cash and marketable securities aligns well with our ongoing investments. we manage our worldwide cash requirements considering available funds among the many subsidiaries through which we conduct our business and the cost effectiveness with which those funds can be accessed. as a result, we do not anticipate any local liquidity restrictions to preclude us from funding our operating needs with local resources.
if we distribute our foreign cash balances to the u.s. or to other foreign subsidiaries, we could be required to accrue and pay u.s. taxes. for example, we would be required to accrue and pay additional u.s. taxes if we repatriated cash from certain foreign subsidiaries whose earnings we have asserted are permanently reinvested outside of the u.s. foreign earnings for which we assert permanent reinvestment outside the u.s. consist primarily of earnings of our china and u.k. domiciled subsidiaries. at present, we do not foresee a need to repatriate any earnings from these subsidiaries for which we have asserted permanent reinvestment. however, to help fund cash needs of the u.s. or other international subsidiaries as they arise, we repatriate available cash from certain foreign subsidiaries whose earnings are not permanently reinvested when it is cost effective to do so. earnings generated after 2011 from our china operations are considered permanently reinvested, while earnings generated prior to 2012, for which u.s. deferred tax liabilities have been recorded, are expected to be repatriated in future years.
debt facilities and other sources of liquidity on november 13, 2015, we entered into an amended and restated five-year revolving credit agreement with a syndicate of lenders. the credit agreement provides us with a $1.75 billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility, the proceeds of which are to be used for working capital or other general corporate purposes. see note 11, "debt," to our consolidated financial statements for additional information. the credit agreement includes one financial covenant: a leverage ratio. the required
leverage ratio, which measures the sum of total debt plus securitization financing to consolidated earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (ebitda) as of the last day of any fiscal quarter, for the four fiscal quarters ended on such date may not exceed 3.50 to 1.0. at december 31, 2015, our leverage ratio was 0.57 to 1.0.
we have an automatic shelf registration filed with the securities and exchange commission under which we may offer, from time to time, debt securities, common stock, preferred and preference stock, depositary shares, warrants, stock purchase contracts and stock purchase units. our current shelf is scheduled to expire in september of 2016. we plan to file a new automatic shelf registration statement in the first quarter of 2016.
the maturity schedule of our existing long-term debt does not require significant cash outflows in the intermediate term. required annual principal payments range from $5 million to $39 million over each of the next five years.
uses of cash share repurchases in july 2014, the board of directors authorized the acquisition of up to $1 billion of additional common stock upon completion of the 2012 repurchase program. in 2015, we made the following purchases under the respective purchase programs:
in millions (except per share amounts)for each quarter ended         sharespurchased              average costper share             total cost ofrepurchases            remainingauthorizedcapacity (1)
(1) the remaining authorized capacities under the 2012 and 2014 plans were calculated based on the cost to purchase the shares, but exclude commission expenses in accordance with the authorized plans.
in november 2015, our board of directors authorized the acquisition of up to $1 billion of additional common stock upon the completion of the 2014 repurchase plan.
on february 9, 2016, we entered into an accelerated share repurchase (asr) agreement with goldman, sachs & co. to purchase $500 million of our common stock. this asr agreement is part of our previously announced share repurchase plans authorized by the board of directors. pursuant to the terms of the agreement, there will be an initial delivery of approximately 4 million shares. the final number of shares to be repurchased will be based on our volume-weighted average stock price during the terms of the transaction, less a discount. the asr is expected to be completed by the end of the second quarter of 2016.
dividends total dividends paid to common shareholders in 2015, 2014 and 2013 were $622 million, $512 million and $420 million respectively. declaration and payment of dividends in the future depends upon our income and liquidity position, among other factors, and is subject to declaration by our board of directors, who meet quarterly to consider our dividend payment. we expect to fund dividend payments with cash from operations.
capital expenditures capital expenditures and spending on internal use software were $799 million in 2015, compared to $798 million in 2014. despite the challenging international economies, we continue to invest in new product lines and targeted capacity expansions. we plan to spend between $600 million and $650 million in 2016 as we continue with product launches and facility improvements. approximately 50 percent of our capital expenditures are expected to be invested outside of the u.s. in 2016.
pensions the funded status of our pension plans is dependent upon a variety of variables and assumptions including return on invested assets, market interest rates and levels of voluntary contributions to the plans. in 2015, the investment return on our u.s. pension trust was negative 0.1 percent while our u.k. pension trust return was 1.3 percent. approximately 77 percent of our pension plan assets are held in highly liquid investments such as fixed income and equity securities. the remaining 23 percent of our plan assets are held in less liquid, but market valued investments, including real estate, private equity and insurance contracts.
we sponsor funded and unfunded domestic and foreign defined benefit pension plans. contributions to these plans were as follows:
defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans voluntary contribution                                           $82                $111                $112
defined benefit pension contributions                            190                 205                 169
we anticipate making total contributions of approximately $150 million to our defined benefit pension plans in 2016. expected contributions to our defined benefit pension plans in 2016 will meet or exceed the current funding requirements.
restructuring actions in the fourth quarter of 2015, we executed worldwide work force restructuring actions primarily in the form of professional voluntary and involuntary employee separation programs in response to lower demand for our products in the u.s. and key markets around the world. we incurred a fourth quarter charge of $90 million ($61 million after-tax) for the headcount reductions, of which $86 million will be settled in cash. in the fourth quarter of 2015, we announced that we expect to close or restructure several manufacturing facilities over time which could result in future charges as we evaluate the appropriate size and structure of our manufacturing capacity.
acquisitions during 2015, we paid $120 million to acquire the remaining interest in three north american distributors, including the related debt retirements and recognized a total gain of $18 million on the fair value adjustment resulting from the acquisition of the controlling interests in two of these previously unconsolidated entities. we plan to spend an additional $85 million to $110 million on the north american distributor acquisitions and the related debt retirements in 2016.
credit ratings our ratings and outlook from each of the credit rating agencies as of the date of filing are shown in the table below.
credit rating agency (1)                senior l-tdebt rating   outlook   last updated standard &amp; poor's rating services   a+                      stable    august 2014
fitch ratings                           a                       stable    october 2015
(1)  credit ratings are not recommendations to buy, are subject to change and each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. in addition, we undertake no obligation to update disclosures concerning our credit ratings, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
management's assessment of liquidity our financial condition and liquidity remain strong. our solid balance sheet and credit ratings enable us to have ready access to credit and the capital markets. we believe our liquidity provides us with the financial flexibility needed to fund working capital, common stock repurchases, capital expenditures, dividend payments, acquisitions of our north american distributors, projected pension obligations, debt service obligations and severance payments. we continue to generate cash from operations in the u.s. and maintain access to $1.7 billion of our revolver as noted above.
contractual obligations and other commercial commitments a summary of payments due for our contractual obligations and commercial commitments, as of december 31, 2015, is as follows:
long-term debt and capital lease obligations (1)             139                 220                   185                 2,949                 3,493
capital expenditures                                         304                  36                    13                     -                   353
purchase commitments for inventory                           558                   -                     -                     -                   558
other purchase commitments                                   293                  79                     8                    16                   396
other postretirement benefits                                 37                  70                    63                   135                   305
the contractual obligations reported above exclude our unrecognized tax benefits of $135 million as of december 31, 2015. we are not able to reasonably estimate the period in which cash outflows relating to uncertain tax contingencies could occur. see note 5, "income taxes," to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
our other commercial commitments as of december 31, 2015, are as follows:
other commercial commitments in millions                                                              2016            2017-2018            2019-2020      after 2020                  total standby letters of credit under revolving credit agreements            $2                 $-                   $-            $-                         $2
international and other domestic letters of credit                     62                 42                    3                    2                 109
guarantees, indemnifications and other commitments                      7                  1                    2                    1                  11
application of critical accounting estimates a summary of our significant accounting policies is included in note 1, "summary of significant accounting policies," of our consolidated financial statements which discusses accounting policies that we have selected from acceptable alternatives.
our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with gaap which often requires management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions regarding uncertainties that affect the reported amounts presented and disclosed in the financial statements. management reviews these estimates and assumptions based on historical experience, changes in business conditions and other relevant factors they believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. in any given reporting period, our actual results may differ from the estimates and assumptions used in preparing our consolidated financial statements.
critical accounting estimates are defined as follows: the estimate requires management to make assumptions about matters that were highly uncertain at the time the estimate was made; different estimates reasonably could have been used; or if changes in the estimate are reasonably likely to occur from period to period and the change would have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. our senior management has discussed the development and selection of our accounting policies, related accounting estimates and the disclosures set forth below with the audit committee of our board of directors. we believe our critical accounting estimates include those addressing the estimation of liabilities for warranty programs, accounting for income taxes and pension benefits.
warranty programs we estimate and record a liability for base warranty programs at the time our products are sold. our estimates are based on historical experience and reflect management's best estimates of expected costs at the time products are sold and subsequent adjustment to those expected costs when actual costs differ. as a result of the uncertainty surrounding the nature and frequency of product recall programs, the liability for such programs is recorded when we commit to a recall action or when a recall becomes probable and estimable, which generally occurs when it is announced. our warranty liability is generally affected by component failure rates, repair costs and the point of failure within the product life cycle. future events and circumstances related to these factors could materially change our estimates and require adjustments to our liability. new product launches require a greater use of judgment in developing estimates until historical experience becomes available. product specific experience is typically available four or five quarters after product launch, with a clear experience trend evident eight quarters after launch. we generally record warranty expense for new products upon shipment using a preceding product's warranty history and a multiplicative factor based upon preceding similar product experience and new product assessment until sufficient new product data is available for warranty estimation. we then use a blend of actual new product experience and preceding product historical experience for several subsequent quarters, and new product specific experience thereafter. note 12, "product warranty liability," to our consolidated financial statements contains a summary of the activity in our warranty liability account for 2015 and 2014 including adjustments to pre-existing warranties.
accounting for income taxes we determine our income tax expense using the asset and liability method. under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax effects of temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. future tax benefits of tax loss and credit carryforwards are also recognized as deferred tax assets. we evaluate the recoverability of our deferred tax assets each quarter by assessing the likelihood of future profitability and available tax planning strategies that could be implemented to realize our net deferred tax assets. at december 31, 2015, we recorded net deferred tax assets of $356 million. these assets included $236 million for the value of tax loss and credit carryforwards. a valuation allowance of $209 million was recorded to reduce the tax assets to the net value management believed was more likely than not to be realized. in the event our operating performance deteriorates, future assessments could conclude that a larger valuation allowance will be needed to further reduce the deferred tax assets. in addition, we operate within multiple taxing jurisdictions and are subject to tax audits in these jurisdictions. these audits can involve complex issues, which may require an extended period of time to resolve. we accrue for the estimated additional tax and interest that may result from tax authorities disputing uncertain tax positions we have taken and we believe we have made adequate provision for income taxes for all years that are subject to audit based upon the latest information available. a more complete description of our income taxes and the future benefits of our tax loss and credit carryforwards is disclosed in note 5, "income taxes," to our consolidated financial statements.
pension benefits we sponsor a number of pension plans primarily in the u.s. and the u.k. and to a lesser degree in various other countries. in the u.s. and the u.k. we have several major defined benefit plans that are separately funded. we account for our pension programs in accordance with employers' accounting for defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans under gaap. gaap requires that amounts recognized in financial statements be determined using an actuarial basis. as a result, our pension benefit programs are based on a number of statistical and judgmental assumptions that attempt to anticipate future events and are used in calculating the expense and liability related to our plans each year at december 31. these assumptions include discount rates used to value liabilities, assumed rates of return on plan assets, future compensation increases, employee turnover rates, actuarial assumptions relating to retirement age, mortality rates and participant withdrawals. the actuarial assumptions we use may differ significantly from actual results due to changing economic conditions, participant life span and withdrawal rates. these differences may result in a material impact to the amount of net periodic pension cost to be recorded in our consolidated financial statements in the future.
the expected long-term return on plan assets is used in calculating the net periodic pension cost. we considered several factors in developing our expected rate of return on plan assets. the long-term rate of return considers historical returns and expected returns on current and projected asset allocations and is generally applied to a five-year average market value of return. projected returns are based primarily on broad, publicly traded fixed income and equity indices and forward-looking estimates of active portfolio and investment management. at december 31, 2015, based upon our target asset allocations, it is anticipated that our u.s. investment policy will generate an average annual return over the 10-year projection period equal to or in excess of 7.5 percent approximately 18 percent of the time while returns of 8.0 percent or greater are anticipated 13 percent of the time. we expect additional positive returns from active investment management. despite the 2015 one-year return of (0.1) percent, our plan assets have averaged 10.5 percent returns since 2010, and resulted in approximately $272 million of actuarial
the methodology used to determine the rate of return on pension plan assets in the u.k. was based on establishing an equity-risk premium over current long-term bond yields adjusted based on target asset allocations. at december 31, 2015, based upon our target asset allocations, it is anticipated that our u.k. investment policy will generate an average annual return over the 20-year projection period equal to or in excess of 4.4 percent approximately 50 percent of the time while returns of 5.1 percent or greater are anticipated 25 percent of the time. we expect additional positive returns from active investment management. the one-year return for our u.k. plan was 1.3 percent for 2015, and similar to our u.s. plan, the strong returns since 2010 have resulted in approximately $214 million of actuarial gains in accumulated other comprehensive income. our strategy with respect to our investments in pension plan assets is to be invested with a long-term outlook. therefore, the risk and return balance of our asset portfolio should reflect a long-term horizon. based on the historical returns and forward-looking return expectations, we believe an investment return assumption of 4.7 percent in 2016 for u.k. pension assets is reasonable. our pension plan asset allocations at december 31, 2015 and 2014 and target allocation for 2016 are as follows:
equity securities                 18.0          %            21.5          %                  22.9          %            23.0          %            39.0          %                  32.0          %
a lower expected rate of return will increase our net periodic pension cost and reduce profitability.
gaap for pensions offers various acceptable alternatives to account for the differences that eventually arise between the estimates used in the actuarial valuations and the actual results. it is acceptable to delay or immediately recognize these differences. under the delayed recognition alternative, changes in pension obligation (including those resulting from plan amendments) and changes in the value of assets set aside to meet those obligations are not recognized in net periodic pension cost as they occur but are recognized initially in comprehensive income and subsequently amortized as components of net periodic pension cost systematically and gradually over future periods. in addition to this approach, gaap also allows immediate recognition of actuarial gains or losses. immediate recognition introduces volatility in financial results. we have chosen to delay recognition and amortize actuarial differences over future periods. if we adopted the immediate recognition approach, we would record a loss of $917 million ($616 million after-tax) from cumulative actuarial net losses for our u.s. and u.k. pension plans.
the difference between the expected return and the actual return on plan assets is deferred from recognition in our results of operations and, under certain circumstances such as when the difference exceeds 10 percent of the market value of plan assets or the projected benefit obligation, amortized over future years of service. this is also true of changes to actuarial assumptions. under gaap, the actuarial gains and losses are recognized and recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss. at december 31, 2015, we had net pension actuarial losses of $689 million and $228 million for the u.s. and u.k. pension plans, respectively. as these amounts exceed 10 percent of their respective plan assets, the excess is amortized over the average remaining service lives of participating employees. net actuarial losses decreased our shareholders' equity by $63 million (after-tax) in 2015. the loss is due to unfavorable asset performance in the u.s. and u.k., partially offset by higher discount rates in both the u.s. and u.k.
we expect 2016 net periodic pension cost to decrease when compared to 2015, due to reduced loss amortizations in the u.s. and u.k. and higher discount rates, partially offset by lower expected asset returns for the u.k. plan as we de-risk plan trust assets. the increase in periodic pension cost in 2015 compared to 2014 was due to lower discount rates in the u.s. and u.k. and unfavorable mortality demographics in the u.s., partially offset by favorable expected return on asset performance in both the u.s. and u.k. the decrease in periodic pension cost in 2014 compared to 2013 was due to reduced loss amortizations resulting from improved u.s. asset performance and a higher discount rate in the u.s. another key assumption used in the development of the net periodic pension cost is the discount rate. the weighted average discount rates used to develop our net periodic pension cost are set forth in the table below.
the discount rate enables us to state expected future cash payments for benefits as a present value on the measurement date. the guidelines for setting this rate are discussed in gaap which suggests the use of a high-quality corporate bond rate. we used bond information provided by moody's investor services, inc. and standard & poor's rating services. all bonds used to develop our hypothetical portfolio in the u.s. and u.k. were deemed high-quality, non-callable bonds (aa or better) at december 31, 2015, by at least one of the bond rating agencies.
our model called for projected payments until near extinction for the u.s. and the u.k. for both countries, our model matches the present value of the plan's projected benefit payments to the market value of the theoretical settlement bond portfolio. a single equivalent discount rate is determined to align the present value of the required cash flow with the value of the bond portfolio. the resulting discount rate is reflective of both the current interest rate environment and the plan's distinct liability characteristics.
discount rate used to value liabilities
the above sensitivities reflect the impact of changing one assumption at a time. a higher discount rate decreases the plan obligations and decreases our net periodic pension cost. a lower discount rate increases the plan obligations and increases our net periodic pension cost. it should be noted that economic factors and conditions often affect multiple assumptions simultaneously and the effects of changes in key assumptions are not necessarily linear. note 10, "pension and other postretirement benefits," to our consolidated financial statements provides a summary of our pension benefit plan activity, the funded status of our plans and the amounts recognized in our consolidated financial statements.
recently adopted and recently issued accounting pronouncements accounting pronouncements recently adopted in may 2015, the financial accounting standards board (fasb) amended its fair value standard related to the disclosure of investments in certain entities that calculate the net asset value per share (nav) or an equivalent measure. this amendment
provides the option to exclude investments measured using the nav to represent fair value from the fair value hierarchy. the new rules will become effective for annual and interim periods beginning after december 15, 2015, however early adoption is permitted and we have chosen to adopt this standard as of december 31, 2015. this resulted in u.s. pension plan assets of $1,094 million and $1,186 million and u.k, pension plan assets of $514 million and $497 million at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, being removed from the three-level valuation hierarchy. note 10, ''pension and other postretirement benefits,'' to our consolidated financial statements includes a summary of our pension plan assets. our consolidated financial statements do not include any other investments for which nav is used to represent fair value.
in november 2015, the fasb amended its standards related to balance sheet classification of deferred taxes. this amendment requires that all deferred tax assets and liabilities be classified as non-current in a classified statement of financial position. the new rules will become effective for annual and interim periods beginning after december 15, 2016. however, early adoption is permitted and we have chosen to adopt the standard prospectively as of september 28, 2015. as a result, prior periods have not been adjusted to reflect this change.
in april 2015, the fasb amended its standards related to the balance sheet classification of debt issuance costs. this amendment requires entities to present debt issuance costs related to a debt liability as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the debt and requires retrospective application. the new rules will become effective for annual and interim periods beginning after december 15, 2016, however early adoption is permitted and we have chosen to adopt this standard as of september 28, 2015. this resulted in the reclassification of $12 million from "other assets" in our december 31, 2014, consolidated balance sheet to a reduction of our "long-term debt."
accounting pronouncements issued but not yet effective in january 2016, the fasb amended its standards related to the accounting of certain financial instruments. this amendment addresses certain aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure. the new rules will become effective for annual and interim periods beginning after december 15, 2017. early adoption is not permitted. we are in the process of evaluating the impact the amendment will have on our consolidated financial statements.
in may 2014, the fasb amended its standards related to revenue recognition. this amendment replaces all existing revenue recognition guidance and provides a single, comprehensive revenue recognition model for all contracts with customers. the standard contains principles that we will apply to determine the measurement of revenue and timing of when it is recognized. the underlying principle is that we will recognize revenue in a manner that depicts the transfer of goods or services to customers at an amount that we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. the guidance provides a five-step analysis of transactions to determine when and how revenue is recognized. other major provisions include capitalization of certain contract costs, consideration of the time value of money in the transaction price and allowing estimates of variable consideration to be recognized before contingencies are resolved in certain circumstances. the amendment also requires additional disclosure about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts, including significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to fulfill a contract. the standard allows either full or modified retrospective adoption effective for annual and interim periods beginning january 1, 2018. we are in the process of evaluating the impact the amendment will have on our consolidated financial statements. while a final decision has not been made, we are currently planning to adopt the standard using the modified retrospective approach.