item 1a.   risk factors cautionary statement concerning forward-looking statements we have made forward-looking statements in this report and make forward-looking statements in our press releases and conference calls that are subject to risks and uncertainties. forward-looking statements include information that is not purely historic fact and include, without limitation, statements concerning our financial outlook for 2016 and beyond, our possible or assumed future results of operations generally, and other statements and information regarding assumptions about our revenues, ebitda, adjusted ebitda, non-generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap") net income, non-gaap net income per share, net income (loss), net income (loss) per share, fully diluted net income (loss) per share, weighted-average outstanding shares, taxable income (loss), cash flow from operating activities, available cash, operating costs, amortization expense, intangible asset recovery, capital and other expenditures, effective tax rate, equity compensation charges, future taxable income, purchase amortization, pending acquisitions, the anticipated benefits of completed or proposed acquisitions, the anticipated benefits of cross-selling efforts, product development and release, sales and marketing campaigns, product integrations, elimination and de-emphasizing of services, contract renewal rate, the timing of future payments of principal under our $400.0 million term loan facility available to us under a credit agreement dated april 1, 2014 (the "2014 credit agreement"), expectations regarding our compliance with financial and restrictive covenants in the 2014 credit agreement, financing plans, geographic expansion, capital structure, contractual obligations, legal proceedings and claims, our database, database growth, services and facilities, employee relations, future economic performance, our ability to liquidate or realize our long-term investments, management's plans, goals and objectives for future operations, and growth and markets for our stock. sections of this report which contain forward-looking statements include "business," "risk factors," "properties," "legal proceedings," "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations," "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk," "controls and procedures" and the financial statements and related notes.
our forward-looking statements are also identified by words such as "hope," "anticipate," "may," "believe," "expect," "intend," "will," "should," "plan," "estimate," "predict," "continue" and "potential" or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. you should understand that these forward-looking statements are estimates reflecting our judgment, beliefs and expectations, not guarantees of future performance. they are subject to a number of assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. the following important factors, in addition to those discussed or referred to under the heading "risk factors," and other unforeseen events or circumstances, could affect our future results and could cause those results or other outcomes to differ materially from those expressed or implied in our forward-looking statements: commercial real estate market conditions; general economic conditions; our ability to identify, acquire and integrate acquisition candidates; our ability to realize the expected benefits, cost savings or other synergies from acquisitions, including the acquisitions of apartments.com, apartment finder and the assets of belbex, on a timely basis or at all; our ability to combine acquired businesses successfully or in a timely and cost-efficient manner; business disruption relating to integration of acquired businesses or other business initiatives; the amount of investment for sales and marketing and our ability to realize a return on investments in sales and marketing; our ability to effectively and strategically combine, eliminate or de-emphasize service offerings; reductions in revenues as a result of service changes; the time and resources required to develop upgraded or new services and to expand service offerings; changes or consolidations within the commercial real estate industry; customer retention; our ability to attract new clients; our ability to sell additional services to existing clients; our ability to integrate our north america and international product offerings; our ability to successfully introduce new products or upgraded services in u.s. and foreign markets; our ability to attract consumers to our online marketplaces; the success of our marketing campaigns in generating brand awareness and site traffic; competition; foreign currency fluctuations; global credit market conditions affecting investments; our ability to continue to expand successfully, timely and in a cost-efficient manner, including internationally; our ability to effectively penetrate and gain acceptance in new sectors; our ability to control costs; litigation; changes in accounting policies or practices; release of new and upgraded services or entry into new markets by us or our competitors; data quality; expansion, growth, development or reorganization of our sales force; employee retention; technical problems with our services; managerial execution; changes in relationships with real estate brokers, property managers and other strategic partners; legal and regulatory issues; and successful adoption of and training on our services.
accordingly, you should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of, and are based on information available to us on, the date of this report. all subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or any person acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. we do not undertake any obligation to update any such statements or release publicly any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect new information or events or circumstances after the date of this report or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.
risk factors our revenues and financial position will be adversely affected if we are not able to attract and retain clients. our success and revenues depend on attracting and retaining subscribers to our information, analytics and online marketplaces. our subscription-based information, analytics and online marketplaces generate the largest portion of our revenues. however, we may be unable to attract new clients, and our existing clients may decide not to add, not to renew or to cancel subscription services. in addition, in order to increase our revenue, we must continue to attract new customers, continue to keep our cancellation rate low and continue to sell new services to our existing customers. we may not be able to continue to grow our customer base, keep the cancellation rate for customers and services low or sell new services to existing customers as a result of several factors, including without limitation: economic pressures; the business failure of a current client or clients; a decision that customers have no need for our services; a decision to use alternative services; customers' and potential customers' pricing and budgetary constraints; consolidation in the real estate and/or financial services industries; data quality; technical problems; or competitive pressures. we compete against many other commercial real estate information, analytics, and marketing service providers for business, including competitors that offer their services through rapidly changing methods of delivering real estate information. if clients cancel services or decide not to renew their subscription agreements, and we do not sell new services to our existing clients or attract new clients, then our renewal rate and revenues may decline.
a downturn or consolidation in the commercial real estate industry may decrease customer demand for our services. the commercial real estate market may be adversely impacted by many different factors, including lower than expected job growth or job losses resulting in reduced real estate demand; rising interest rates and slowing transaction volumes that negatively impact investment returns; excessive speculative new construction in localized markets resulting in increased vacancy rates and diminished rent growth; and unanticipated disasters and other adverse events such as slowing of the growth in the working age population resulting in reduced demand for all types of real estate. a reversal of improvements in the commercial real estate industry's leasing activity and absorption rates or a renewed downturn in the commercial real estate market may affect our ability to generate revenues and may lead to more cancellations by our current or future customers, either of which could cause our revenues or our revenue growth rate to decline and reduce our profitability. a depressed commercial real estate market has a negative impact on our core customer base, which could decrease demand for our information, analytics and online marketplaces. also, companies in this industry may consolidate, often in order to reduce expenses. consolidation, or other cost-cutting measures by our customers, may lead to cancellations of our information, analytics and online marketplace services by our customers, reduce the number of our existing clients, reduce the size of our target market or increase our clients' bargaining power, all of which could cause our revenues to decline and reduce our profitability. if cancellations, reductions of services, and failures to pay increase, and we are unable to offset the resulting decrease in revenue by increasing sales to new or existing customers, our revenues may decline or grow at lower rates.
negative general economic conditions could increase our expenses and reduce our revenues. our business and the commercial real estate industry are particularly affected by negative trends in the general economy. the success of our business depends on a number of factors relating to general global, national, regional and local economic conditions, including perceived and actual economic conditions, recessions, inflation, deflation, exchange rates, interest rates, taxation policies, availability of credit, employment levels, and wage and salary levels. negative general economic conditions could adversely affect our business by reducing our revenues and profitability. if we experience greater cancellations or reductions of services and failures to timely pay, and we do not acquire new clients or sell new services to our existing clients, our revenues may decline and our financial position would be adversely affected.  adverse national and global economic events, as well as any significant terrorist attack, are likely to have a dampening effect on the economy in general, which could negatively affect our financial performance and our stock price. market disruptions may also contribute to extreme price and volume fluctuations in the stock market that may affect our stock price for reasons unrelated to our operating performance. in addition, a significant increase in inflation could increase our expenses more rapidly than expected, the effect of which may not be offset by corresponding increases in revenue. conversely, deflation resulting in a decline of prices could reduce our revenues. in the current economic environment, it is difficult to predict whether we will experience significant inflation or deflation in the near future. a significant increase in either could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
if we are unable to hire qualified persons for, or retain and continue to develop, our sales force, or if our sales force is unproductive, our revenues could be adversely affected. in order to support revenues and future revenue growth, we need to continue to develop, train and retain our sales force. our ability to build and develop a strong sales force may be affected by a number of factors, including: our ability to attract, integrate and motivate sales personnel; our ability to effectively train our sales force; the ability of our sales force to sell an increased number and different types of services; our ability to manage effectively an outbound telesales group; the length of time it takes new sales personnel to become productive; the competition we face from other companies in hiring and retaining sales personnel; our ability to effectively structure our sales force; and our ability to effectively manage a multi-location sales organization. if we are unable to hire qualified sales personnel and develop and retain the members of our sales force, including sales force management, or if our sales force is unproductive, our revenues or growth rate could decline and our expenses could increase.
we may not be able to compete successfully against existing or future competitors in attracting advertisers, which could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. we compete to attract advertisers. our competitors for advertisers may have significant brand recognition as well as greater numbers of direct sales personnel than we have and may generate more web traffic than we do, which may provide a competitive advantage. to compete successfully for advertisers against future and existing competitors, we must continue to invest resources in developing our advertising platform and proving the effectiveness and relevance of our advertising services. pressure from competitors seeking to acquire a greater share of our advertisers' overall marketing budget could adversely affect our pricing and margins, lower our revenue, and increase our research and development and marketing expenses. if we are unable to compete successfully against our existing or future competitors, our business, results of operations or financial condition could be adversely affected.
we may be unable to increase awareness of our brands, including costar, loopnet, apartments.com, apartment finder, bizbuysell and landsofamerica, which could adversely affect our business. we rely heavily on our brands, which we believe are key assets of our company. awareness and differentiation of our brands are important for attracting and expanding the number of users of, and subscribers to, our online marketplaces, such as loopnet, the apartments.com network of rental websites, costar showcase, landandfarm.com and landsofamerica.com. we expect to continue to invest in sales and marketing, including sales and marketing for our other brands as we seek to grow the numbers of subscribers to, and advertisers on, our marketplaces. our methods of advertising may not be successful in increasing brand awareness or, ultimately, be cost-effective. our recent investments in sales and marketing activities to increase brand awareness and grow site traffic to the apartments.com network of rental websites may not be successful. if we are unable to maintain or enhance user and advertiser awareness of our brands, or if we are unable to recover our marketing and advertising costs through increased usage of our services and increased advertising on the apartments.com network of rental websites, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected.
we rely on internet search engines to drive traffic to our websites. if search results do not feature our websites prominently, traffic to our websites would decrease and our business could be adversely affected. google, bing, yahoo! and other internet search websites drive traffic to our websites, including costar.com, the apartments.com network of rental websites, loopnet.com, bizbuysell.com and landsofamerica.com. for example, when a user types an apartment building address into an internet search engine, organic search ranking of our apartments.com webpages will determine how prominently such webpages are displayed in the search results. however, our ability to maintain high organic search result rankings is not entirely within our control. our competitors' search engine optimization, or seo, efforts may result in their websites receiving a higher search result page ranking than the rankings our websites receive, or internet search engines could revise their methodologies in a way that would adversely affect our search result rankings, each of which could slow the growth of our user base. further, search engine providers could align with our competitors, which could adversely affect traffic to our websites. our websites have experienced fluctuations in search result rankings in the past, and we anticipate similar fluctuations in the future. if we experience a material reduction in the number of users directed to our websites through internet search engines, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected.
if we are unable to maintain or increase traffic to our marketplaces, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. our ability to generate revenue from our marketplace businesses depends, in part, on our ability to attract users to our websites. if we fail to maintain or increase traffic to our marketplaces, our ability to acquire additional subscribers or advertisers and deliver leads to existing subscribers and advertisers could be adversely affected. our marketing expenses have increased and may continue to increase in connection with our efforts to maintain or increase traffic to our websites. our efforts to maintain or generate additional traffic to our marketplaces may not be successful. even if we are able to attract additional users, increases in our operating expenses could negatively impact our operating results if we are unable to generate more revenue through increased sales of subscriptions to our marketplace products. we face competition to attract users to our marketplace websites. our existing and potential competitors include companies that could devote greater technical and other resources than we have available to provide services that users might view as superior to our offerings. any of our future or existing competitors may introduce different solutions that attract users away from our services or provide solutions similar to our own that have the advantage of better branding or marketing resources. if we are unable to increase traffic to our marketplaces, or if we are unable to generate enough additional revenue to offset increases in expenses related to increasing traffic to our marketplaces, our business and operating results could be adversely affected.
if real estate professionals or other advertisers reduce or cancel their advertising spending with us and we are unable to attract new advertisers, our operating results would be harmed. our marketplace businesses, including loopnet, the apartments.com network of rental websites, costar showcase, landandfarm.com and landsofamerica.com, depend on advertising revenue generated primarily through sales to persons in the real estate industry, including property managers and owners, and other advertisers. our ability to attract and retain advertisers, and ultimately to generate advertising revenue, depends on a number of factors, including:
•   increasing the number of unique visitors to, and users of, our websites and mobile applications;
•   the quantity and quality of the leads that we provide to our advertisers;
•   the success of any increased marketing and product development efforts directed at attracting additional users and advertisers to our marketplaces;
•   keeping pace with changes in technology and with our competitors; and
•   offering an attractive return on investment to our advertisers for their advertising spending with us.
further, with respect to the apartments.com network of rental websites, our ability to attract and retain advertisers also depends on the current apartment rental market and apartment vacancy rates. if vacancy rates are too high or too low, advertisers may not need to utilize our marketplace services.
we do not have long-term contracts with most of the advertisers who advertise on our marketplaces. these advertisers could choose to modify or discontinue their relationships with us with little or no advance notice. in addition, as existing subscriptions for advertising expire, we may not be successful in renewing these subscriptions or securing new subscriptions. we may not succeed in retaining existing advertisers' spending or capturing a greater share of such spending if we are unable to convince advertisers of the effectiveness of our services as compared to alternatives. in addition, future changes to our pricing methodology for advertising services may cause advertisers to reduce or discontinue their advertising with us. if current advertisers reduce or end their advertising spending with us and we are unable to attract new advertisers, our advertising revenue and business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected.
if we do not invest in product development and provide services that are attractive to our users and to our advertisers, our business could be adversely affected.  our success depends on our continued improvements to provide services that make our marketplaces useful for users, and attractive to our advertisers. as a result, we must continually invest resources in research and development to improve the appeal and comprehensiveness of our services and effectively incorporate new technologies. if we are unable to provide services that users want to use, then users may become dissatisfied and use competitors' websites. if we are unable to continue offering innovative services, we may be unable to attract additional users and advertisers or retain our current users and advertisers, which could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition.
if we are not able to successfully finance and/or integrate acquisitions, our business operations and financial position could be adversely affected. we have expanded our markets and services in part through acquisitions of complementary businesses, services, databases and technologies, and expect to continue to do so in the future. our strategy to acquire complementary companies or assets depends on our ability to identify, and the availability of, suitable acquisition candidates. we may incur costs in the preliminary stages of an acquisition, but may ultimately be unable or unwilling to consummate the proposed transaction for various reasons. in addition, acquisitions involve numerous risks, including the ability to realize or capitalize on synergies created through combinations; managing the integration of personnel and products; potential increases in operating costs; managing geographically remote operations; the diversion of management's attention from other business concerns and potential disruptions in ongoing operations during integration; the inherent risks in entering markets and sectors in which we have either limited or no direct experience; and the potential loss of key employees, clients or vendors and other business partners of the acquired companies. we may not successfully integrate acquired businesses or assets and may not achieve anticipated benefits of an acquisition, including expected synergies. acquisitions could result in dilutive issuances of equity securities, the incurrence of debt, one-time write-offs of goodwill and substantial amortization expenses of other intangible assets. we may be unable to obtain financing on favorable terms, or at all, if necessary to finance future acquisitions making it impossible or more costly to acquire complementary businesses. if we are able to obtain financing, the terms may be onerous and restrict our operations. further, certain acquisitions may be subject to regulatory approval, which can be time consuming and costly to obtain, and the terms of such regulatory approvals may impose limitations on our ongoing operations or require us to divest assets or lines of business.
market volatility may have an adverse effect on our stock price. the trading price of our common stock has fluctuated widely in the past, and we expect that it will continue to fluctuate in the future. the price could fluctuate widely based on numerous factors, including: economic factors; quarter-to-quarter variations in our operating results; changes in analysts' estimates of our earnings; announcements by us or our competitors of technological innovations, new services, or other significant or strategic information; general conditions in the commercial real estate industry; developments or disputes concerning copyrights or proprietary rights or other legal proceedings; and regulatory developments. in addition, the stock market in general, and the shares of internet-related and other technology companies in particular, have experienced extreme price fluctuations. this volatility has had a substantial effect on the market prices of securities issued by many companies for reasons unrelated to the operating performance of the specific companies and may have the same effect on the market price of our common stock.
the failure to successfully integrate apartments.com or apartment finder and/or fully realize expected synergies from those acquisitions in the expected time frames or at all may adversely affect our future results and our business. the success of the apartments.com and apartment finder acquisitions depends, in part, on our ability to successfully integrate those businesses and realize the benefits and synergies we anticipate to result from the combination of our business and the businesses of apartments.com and apartment finder, including anticipated growth opportunities and cost savings. we may not be able to achieve these objectives in whole or in part, achievement of the objectives may take longer than expected, or achievement of the objectives may be more costly than expected. any failure to timely realize these anticipated benefits could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, expenses and operating results.
the success of the apartments.com and apartment finder acquisitions will also depend in part on our ability to minimize or eliminate any difficulties that may occur in connection with the integration of our business and those acquired businesses. the integration process could result in the loss of key employees, loss of key clients, loss of key vendors and other business partners, increases in operating costs, increases in taxes, or the disruption of each company's ongoing businesses, any or all of which could adversely affect our ability to achieve the anticipated benefits and synergies of the respective acquisition. our efforts to integrate the businesses may divert management's attention and other resources from uses that could otherwise have been beneficial to the company. in addition, management may decide to combine or eliminate products or services currently offered by one of the acquired businesses, which could also result in the loss of revenues, key employees, key clients, key vendors or other business partners.
if we are not able to obtain and maintain accurate, comprehensive or reliable data, we could experience reduced demand for our information, analytics and online marketplace services. our success depends on our clients' confidence in the comprehensiveness, accuracy and reliability of the data and analysis we provide. the task of establishing and maintaining accurate and reliable data and analysis is challenging. if our data, including the data we obtain from third parties, or analysis is not current, accurate, comprehensive or reliable, we could experience reduced demand for our services or legal claims by our customers, which could result in lower revenues and higher expenses.
we may not be able to successfully introduce new or upgraded information, analytics and online marketplace services or combine or shift focus from services with less demand, which could decrease our revenues and our profitability. our future business and financial success will depend on our ability to continue to anticipate the needs of, and to introduce new and upgraded services into the marketplace. to be successful, we must adapt to changes in the industry, as well as rapid technological changes by continually enhancing our information, analytics and online marketplace services. developing new services and upgrades to services, as well as integrating and coordinating current services, imposes heavy burdens on our systems department, management and researchers. the processes are costly, and our efforts to develop, integrate and enhance our services may not be successful. as we continue to combine our operations with those that we have acquired, we must continue to assess the purposes for which various services may be used alone or together, and how we can best address those uses through stand-alone services or combinations or coordinating applications thereof. in addition, successfully launching and selling a new or upgraded service puts pressure on our sales and marketing resources. in february 2015, we launched the improved apartments.com website and in december 2015, we launched the new apartmentfinder.com website, both after undergoing extensive product development. in 2015, we also launched a wide-scale marketing campaign in an effort to increase brand awareness and site traffic for apartments.com. the launch of the sites and/or the marketing campaign may not result in increased brand awareness, site traffic and/or revenues. if we are unsuccessful in obtaining greater market share, we may not be able to offset the expenses associated with the new launch and marketing campaign, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial results.
if we are unable to develop new or upgraded services or decide to combine, shift focus from, or phase out a service that overlaps or is redundant with other services we offer, then our customers may choose a competitive service over ours and our revenues may decline and our profitability may be reduced. for example, we continue to assess whether to transition the loopnet marketplace to a pure marketing site for commercial real estate where, eventually, all listings would be paid and users could search the site for free. we would expect to see a short-term reduction in revenues and earnings if we implement this transition. although we are assessing the best strategy to implement this shift and will seek to convert customers to higher value, more profitable annual subscription information services, which should increase revenues and earnings over time, we cannot predict with certainty whether we will be successful in shifting customers to higher value, more profitable subscriptions and, consequently, in offsetting any reduction in revenue and earnings; therefore, if we make this transition, our revenues and earnings may ultimately decline. in addition, if we incur significant costs in developing new or upgraded services or combining and coordinating existing services, we are not successful in marketing and selling these new services or upgrades, or our customers fail to accept these new or combined and coordinating services, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations by decreasing our revenues and reducing our profitability.
competition could render our services uncompetitive. the markets for information systems and services and for online marketplaces in general is highly competitive and rapidly changing. competition in these markets may increase further if economic conditions or other circumstances cause customer bases and customer spending to decrease and service providers to compete for fewer customer resources. our existing competitors, or future competitors, may have greater name recognition, larger customer bases, better technology or data, lower prices, easier access to data, greater user traffic or greater financial, technical or marketing resources than we have. our competitors may be able to undertake more effective marketing campaigns, obtain more data, adopt more aggressive pricing policies, make more attractive offers to potential employees, subscribers, advertisers, distribution partners and content providers or may be able to respond more quickly to new or emerging technologies or changes in user requirements. if we are unable to retain customers or obtain new customers, our revenues could decline. increased competition could result in lower revenues and higher expenses, which would reduce our profitability.
our focus on internal and external investments may place downward pressure on our operating margins. over the past few years, we have increased the rate of investments in our business, including internal investments in product development to expand the breadth and depth of services we provide to our customers and investments in sales and marketing to generate brand awareness. our investment strategy is intended to increase our revenue growth in the future. our operating margins may experience downward pressure in the short term as a result of investments. furthermore, our investments may not have their intended effect. in addition, our external investments may lose value and we may incur impairment charges with respect to such investments. such impairment charges may negatively impact our profitability. if we are unable to successfully execute our investment strategy or if we fail to adequately anticipate and address potential problems, we may experience decreases in our revenues and operating margins.
if we are unable to enforce or defend our ownership and use of intellectual property, our business, brands, competitive position and operating results could be harmed. the success of our business depends in large part on our intellectual property, including intellectual property involved in our methodologies, database, services and software. we rely on a combination of trademark, trade secret, patent, copyright and other laws, nondisclosure and noncompetition provisions, license agreements and other contractual provisions and technical measures to protect our intellectual property rights. however, current law may not provide for adequate protection of our databases and the actual data. in addition, legal standards relating to the validity, enforceability and scope of protection of proprietary rights in internet-related businesses are uncertain and evolving, and changes in these standards may adversely impact the viability or value of our proprietary rights. if we are not successful in protecting our intellectual property, including our content, our brands and our business, results of operations and financial condition could be harmed. the same would be true if a court found that our services infringe other persons' intellectual property rights. any intellectual property lawsuits or threatened lawsuits in which we are involved, either as a plaintiff or as a defendant, could cost us a significant amount of time and money and distract management's attention from operating our business. in addition, if we do not prevail on any intellectual property claims, this could result in a change to our methodology or information, analytics and online marketplace services and could reduce our profitability.
effective trademark, trade secret, patent, and copyright protection may not be available in every country in which our services may be provided. the laws of certain countries do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the united states and, therefore, in certain jurisdictions, we may be unable to protect our intellectual property and our proprietary technology adequately against unauthorized third-party copying or use, which could harm our competitive position.
we seek to enforce our rights against people and entities that infringe our intellectual property, including through legal action. taking such action may be costly, and we cannot ensure that such actions will be successful. any increase in the unauthorized use of our intellectual property could make it more expensive for us to do business and harm our results of operations or financial condition.
we may not be able to successfully halt the operation of websites that aggregate our data, as well as data from other companies, such as copycat websites that may misappropriate our data. third parties may misappropriate our data through website scraping, robots or other means and aggregate this data on their websites with data from other companies. in addition, "copycat" websites may misappropriate data on our website and attempt to imitate our brands or the functionality of our website. we may not be able to detect all such websites in a timely manner and, even if we could, technological and legal measures may be insufficient to stop their operations. in some cases, particularly in the case of websites operating outside of the u.s., our available remedies may not be adequate to protect us against the misappropriation of our data. regardless of whether we can successfully enforce our rights against the operators of these websites, any measures that we may take could require us to expend significant financial or other resources.
litigation or government investigations in which we become involved may significantly increase our expenses and adversely affect our stock price. currently and from time to time, we are a party to various lawsuits. any lawsuits, threatened lawsuits or government investigations in which we are involved could cost us a significant amount of time and money to defend, could distract management's attention away from operating our business, could result in negative publicity and could adversely affect our stock price. in addition, if any claims are determined against us or if a settlement requires us to pay a large monetary amount or take other action that materially restricts or impedes our operations, our profitability could be significantly reduced and our financial position could be adversely affected. our insurance may not be sufficient to cover any losses we incur in connection with litigation claims.
we may be subject to legal liability for collecting, displaying or distributing information. because the content in our database is collected from various sources and distributed to others, we may be subject to claims for breach of contract, defamation, negligence, unfair competition or copyright or trademark infringement or claims based on other theories. we could also be subject to claims based upon the content that is accessible from our website through links to other websites or information on our website supplied by third parties. we could also be subject to claims that the collection or provision of certain information breached laws and regulations relating to privacy and data protection. even if these claims do not result in liability to us, we could incur significant costs in investigating and defending against any claims. our potential liability for information distributed by us to others could require us to implement measures to reduce our exposure to such liability, which may require us to expend substantial resources and limit the attractiveness of our information, analytics and online marketplaces to users.
our actual or perceived failure to comply with privacy laws and standards could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. we are dependent on information technology networks and systems to process, transmit, and store electronic information and to communicate between our locations around the world and with our clients. we collect, use and disclose personally identifiable information, including among other things names, addresses, phone numbers, and email addresses. we also collect, store and use sensitive or confidential transaction information and, in certain circumstances, credit card information. as a result, we are subject to a variety of state, national, foreign, and international laws and regulations that apply to the collection, use, retention, protection, disclosure, transfer and other processing of personal data. these privacy- and data protection-related laws and regulations are evolving, with new or modified laws and regulations proposed and implemented frequently and existing laws and regulations subject to new or different interpretations. compliance with these laws and regulations can be costly and can delay or impede the development of new products.
the u.s.-eu safe harbor framework, which established means for legitimizing the transfer of personal data by u.s. companies from the european economic area, or eea, to the u.s., recently was invalidated by a decision of the european court of justice, or the ecj. in light of the ecj's decision, we have begun to undertake efforts to conform transfers of personal data from the eea based on current regulatory obligations, the guidance of data protection authorities and evolving best practices. we continue to review our business practices and the evolving regulations and may find it necessary or desirable to make further changes to our personal data handling or engage in additional efforts to cause our transfer and receipt of eea residents' personal data to be legitimized under applicable european law. we may find it necessary to establish systems to maintain eu-origin data in the european economic area, which may involve substantial expense and distraction from other aspects of our business.
despite our efforts, we may be unsuccessful in establishing legitimate means of transferring certain data from the eea, including due to ongoing legislative activity, which may vary the current data protection landscape. our actual or alleged failure to comply with applicable privacy or data security laws, regulations and policies, or to protect personal data, could result in enforcement actions and significant penalties against us, which could result in negative publicity, increase our operating costs, subject us to claims or other remedies and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
because the interpretation and application of many privacy and data protection laws are uncertain, it is possible that these laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our existing data management practices or the features of our products. if so, in addition to the possibility of fines, lawsuits and other claims and penalties, we could be required to fundamentally change our business activities and practices or modify our products, which could harm our business.
we expect that there will continue to be new proposed laws, regulations and industry standards concerning privacy, data protection and information security in the united states and other jurisdictions, and we cannot yet determine the impact such future laws, regulations and standards may have on our business. our policies concerning the collection, use and disclosure of personally identifiable of information are described on our websites. while we believe that our policies are appropriate and that we are in compliance with our policies, we could be subject to legal claims, government action, harm to our reputation or experience significant remediation costs if we experience a security breach or our practices fail, or are seen as failing, to comply with our policies or with applicable laws concerning personally identifiable information.
concern of prospective customers regarding our use of the personal information collected on our websites could keep prospective customers from subscribing to our services. industry-wide incidents or incidents with respect to our websites, including misappropriation of third-party information, security breaches, or changes in industry standards, regulations or laws, could deter people from using the internet or our websites to conduct transactions that involve the transmission of confidential information, which could harm our business.
we are subject to a number of risks related to acceptance of credit cards and debit cards for customer payments. we accept payments for our services through credit and debit card transactions. for credit and debit card payments, we pay interchange and other fees, which may increase over time. an increase in those fees may require us to increase the prices we charge and would increase our cost of revenues, either of which could harm our business, financial condition or results of operations.
we depend on processing vendors to complete credit and debit card transactions. if we or our processing vendors fail to maintain adequate systems for the authorization and processing of credit card transactions, it could cause one or more of the major credit card companies to disallow our continued use of their payment products. we could lose customers if we are not able to continue to use payment products of the major credit card companies. in addition, if the systems for the authorization and processing of credit card transactions fail to work properly and, as a result, we do not charge our customers' credit cards on a timely basis or at all, our business, revenue, results of operations and financial condition could be harmed.
we are also subject to payment card association operating rules, certification requirements and rules governing electronic funds transfers, which could change or be reinterpreted in ways that make it more difficult for us to comply. we are required to comply with payment card industry security standards. failing to comply with those standards may violate payment card association operating rules, federal and state laws and regulations, and the terms of our contracts with payment processors. any failure to comply also may subject us to fines, penalties, damages and civil liability, and may result in the loss of our ability to accept credit and debit card payments. further, there is no guarantee that such compliance will prevent illegal or improper use of our payment systems or the theft, loss, or misuse of data pertaining to credit and debit cards, card holders and transactions. if we fail to adequately control fraudulent credit card transactions, we may face civil liability, diminished public perception of our security measures, and significantly higher credit card-related costs, each of which could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition.
if we are unable to maintain our chargeback rate or refund rates at acceptable levels, our processing vendors may increase our transaction fees or terminate their relationships with us. any increases in our credit and debit card fees could harm our results of operations, particularly if we elect not to raise our rates for our services to offset the increase. the termination of our ability to process payments on any major credit or debit card would significantly impair our ability to operate our business.
our business depends on retaining and attracting highly capable management and operating personnel. our success depends in large part on our ability to retain and attract management and operating personnel, including our president and chief executive officer, andrew florance, and our other officers and key employees. our business requires highly skilled technical, sales, management, web product and development, marketing and research personnel, who are in high demand and are often subject to competing offers. to retain and attract key personnel, we use various measures, including employment agreements, awards under a stock incentive plan and incentive bonuses for key employees. these measures may not be enough to retain and attract the personnel we need or to offset the impact on our business of the loss of the services of mr. florance or other key officers or employees.
an impairment in the carrying value of goodwill could negatively impact our consolidated results of operations and net worth. goodwill and identifiable intangible assets not subject to amortization are tested annually by each reporting unit on october 1 of each year for impairment and are tested for impairment more frequently based upon the existence of one or more indicators.  we consider our operating segments, north america and international, as our reporting units under financial accounting standards board ("fasb") authoritative guidance for consideration of potential impairment of goodwill. we assess the impairment of long-lived assets, identifiable intangibles and goodwill whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. judgments made by management relate to the expected useful lives of long-lived assets and our ability to realize undiscounted cash flows of the carrying amounts of such assets. the accuracy of these judgments may be adversely affected by several factors, including the factors listed below:
•   significant underperformance relative to historical or projected future operating results;
•   significant changes in the manner of our use of acquired assets or the strategy for our overall business;
•   significant decline in our market capitalization relative to net book value for a sustained period.
these types of events or indicators and the resulting impairment analysis could result in goodwill impairment charges in the future, which would reduce our profitability. impairment charges could negatively affect our financial results in the periods of such charges, which may reduce our profitability. as of december 31, 2015, we had approximately $1.3 billion of goodwill, including $1.2 billion in our north america segment and $25.6 million in our international segment.
if we are unable to obtain or retain listings from commercial real estate brokers, agents, property owners, and apartment property managers, our commercial real estate ("cre") marketplace services, including but not limited to loopnet, the apartments.com network of rental websites, costar showcase, landandfarm.com and landsofamerica.com, could be less attractive to current or potential customers, which could reduce our revenues. the value of our cre marketplace services to our customers depends on our ability to increase the number of property listings provided and searches conducted. the success of our cre marketplace services depends substantially on the number of property listings submitted by brokers, agents, property owners and, in the case of apartment rentals, property managers. this is because an increase in the number of listings increases the utility of the online service and of its associated search, listing and marketing services. if agents marketing large numbers of property listings, such as large brokers in key real estate markets, choose not to continue their listings with us, or choose to list them with a competitor, our cre marketplace services could be less attractive to other real estate industry transaction participants, resulting in reduced revenue. similarly, the value and utility of our other marketplaces, including bizbuysell and bizquest, are also dependent on attracting and retaining listings.
if we are unable to convince commercial real estate professionals that our cre marketplace services are superior to traditional methods of listing, searching, and marketing commercial real estate, they could choose not to use those services, which could reduce our revenues or increase our expenses. the primary source of new customers for our cre marketplace services is participants in the commercial real estate community. many commercial real estate professionals are used to listing, searching and marketing real estate in traditional and off-line ways, such as by distributing print brochures, sharing written lists, placing signs on properties, word-of-mouth, and newspaper advertisements. commercial real estate and investment professionals may prefer to continue to use traditional methods or may be slow to adopt and accept our online products and services. if we are not able to persuade commercial real estate participants of the efficacy of our online products and services, they may choose not to use our cre marketplace services, which could negatively impact our business. similarly, if we are unable to convince the business and investment community to utilize our online business for sale marketplaces rather than traditional methods of listing and marketing businesses for sale, our revenues could be negatively affected.
the number of loopnet's registered members is higher than the number of actual members. the number of registered members in loopnet's network is higher than the number of actual members because some members have multiple registrations or others may have registered under fictitious names. given the challenges inherent in identifying these accounts, we do not have a reliable system to accurately identify the number of actual members, and thus we rely on the number of registered members as a measure of the size of the loopnet marketplace. if the number of loopnet's actual members does not continue to grow and those members do not convert to premium members, then the loopnet marketplace business may not grow as fast as we expect, which could harm our operating and financial results.
if we are unable to increase our revenues or our operating costs are higher than expected, our profitability may decline and our operating results may fluctuate significantly. we may not be able to accurately forecast our revenues or future revenue growth rate. many of our expenses, particularly personnel costs and occupancy costs, are relatively fixed. as a result, we may not be able to adjust spending quickly enough to offset any unexpected increase in expenses or revenue shortfall. we may experience higher than expected operating costs, including increased personnel costs, occupancy costs, selling and marketing costs, investments in geographic expansion, acquisition costs, communications costs, travel costs, software development costs, professional fees and other costs. if operating costs exceed our expectations and cannot be adjusted accordingly, our profitability may be reduced and our results of operations and financial position will be adversely affected. additionally, we may not be able to sustain our revenue growth rates, and our percentage revenue growth rates may decline. our ability to increase our revenues and operating profit will depend on increased demand for our services. our sales are affected by, among other things, general economic and commercial real estate conditions. reduced demand, whether due to changes in customer preference, a weakening of the u.s. or global economy, competition or other reasons, may result in decreased revenue and growth, adversely affecting our operating results.
our current or future geographic expansion plans may not result in increased revenues, which may negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial position. expanding into new markets and investing resources towards increasing the depth of our coverage within existing markets imposes additional burdens on our research, systems development, sales, marketing and general managerial resources. if we are unable to manage our expansion efforts effectively, if our expansion efforts take longer than planned or if our costs for these efforts exceed our expectations, our financial position could be adversely affected. in addition, if we incur significant costs to improve data quality within existing markets, or are not successful in marketing and selling our services in these markets or in new markets, our expansion may have a material adverse effect on our financial position by increasing our expenses without increasing our revenues, adversely affecting our profitability.
international operations expose us to additional business risks, which may reduce our profitability. our international operations and expansion subject us to additional business risks, including: currency exchange rate fluctuations; adapting to the differing business practices and laws in foreign countries; difficulties in managing foreign operations; limited protection for intellectual property rights in some countries; difficulty in collecting accounts receivable and longer collection periods; costs of enforcing contractual obligations; impact of recessions in economies outside the u.s.; and potentially adverse tax consequences. in addition, international expansion imposes additional burdens on our executive and administrative personnel, systems development, research and sales departments, and general managerial resources. if we are not able to manage our international operations successfully, we may incur higher expenses and our profitability may be reduced. finally, the investment required for additional international expansion could exceed the profit generated from such expansion, which would reduce our profitability and adversely affect our financial position.
fluctuating foreign currencies may negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial position. due to our acquisitions of costar u.k. limited (formerly focus information limited), property and portfolio research ltd., grecam s.a.s., and the assets of belbex corporate, s.l., as well as our expansion into canada, a portion of our business is denominated in the british pound, euro and canadian dollar. as a result, fluctuations in foreign currencies may have an impact on our business, results of operations and financial position. foreign currency exchange rates have fluctuated and may continue to fluctuate. significant foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations may negatively impact our international revenue, which in turn affects our consolidated revenue. currencies may be affected by internal factors, general economic conditions and external developments in other countries, all of which can have an adverse impact on a country's currency. currently, we are not party to any hedging transactions intended to reduce our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations. we may seek to enter into hedging transactions in the future, but we may be unable to enter into these transactions successfully, on acceptable terms or at all. we cannot predict whether we will incur foreign exchange losses in the future. further, significant foreign exchange fluctuations resulting in a decline in the respective, local currency may decrease the value of our foreign assets, as well as decrease our revenues and earnings from our foreign subsidiaries, which would reduce our profitability and adversely affect our financial position.
our indebtedness could adversely affect us, including by decreasing our business flexibility and increasing our costs. on april 1, 2014, we entered into the 2014 credit agreement by and among costar, as borrower, costar realty information, inc., as co-borrower, the lenders from time to time party thereto and jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., as administrative agent. the 2014 credit agreement provides for a $400.0 million term loan facility and a $225.0 million revolving credit facility, each with a term of five years. we used the proceeds of the term loan facility and $150.0 million of the initial borrowing under the revolving credit facility to refinance the term loan facility and revolving credit facility established under a credit agreement dated february 16, 2012 (the "2012 credit agreement"), including related fees and expenses, and pay a portion of the consideration and transaction costs related to the apartments.com acquisition. the 2014 credit agreement contains customary restrictive covenants imposing operating and financial restrictions on us, including restrictions that may limit our ability to engage in acts that we believe may be in our long-term best interests. these covenants restrict our ability and the ability of our subsidiaries to (i) incur additional indebtedness, (ii) create, incur, assume or permit to exist any liens, (iii) enter into mergers, consolidations or similar transactions, (iv) make investments and acquisitions, (v) make certain dispositions of assets, (vi) make dividends, distributions and prepayments of certain indebtedness, and (vii) enter into certain transactions with affiliates.
the operating restrictions and financial covenants in the 2014 credit agreement and any future financing agreements may limit our ability to finance future operations or capital needs, to engage in other business activities or to respond to changes in market conditions. our ability to comply with any financial covenants could be affected materially by events beyond our control, and we may be unable to satisfy any such requirements. if we fail to comply with these covenants, we may need to seek waivers or amendments of such covenants, seek alternative or additional sources of financing or reduce our expenditures. we may be unable to obtain such waivers, amendments or alternative or additional financing on a timely basis or at all, or on favorable terms.
we are required to make periodic principal and interest payments pursuant to the terms of the 2014 credit agreement. if an event of default occurs, the interest rate on overdue amounts will increase and the lenders under the 2014 credit agreement may declare all outstanding borrowings, together with accrued interest and other fees, to be immediately due and payable and may exercise remedies in respect of the collateral. we may not be able to repay all amounts due under the 2014 credit agreement in the event these amounts are declared due upon an event of default.
negative conditions in the global credit markets may affect the liquidity of a portion of our long-term investments.  currently, our long-term investments include mostly aaa-rated auction rate securities ("ars"), which are primarily student loan securities supported by guarantees from the federal family education loan program ("ffelp") of the u.s. department of education. continuing negative conditions in the global credit markets have prevented some investors from liquidating their holdings of auction rate securities because the amount of securities submitted for sale has exceeded the amount of purchase orders for such securities. as of december 31, 2015, we held $16.8 million par value of ars, all of which failed to settle at auctions. when an auction fails for ars in which we have invested, we may be unable to liquidate some or all of these securities at par. in the event we need or desire to immediately access these funds, we will not be able to do so until a future auction on these investments is successful, a buyer is found outside the auction process or an alternative action is determined. if a buyer is found but is unwilling to purchase the investments at par, we may incur a loss, which would reduce our profitability and adversely affect our financial position.
our ars investments are not currently actively trading and therefore do not currently have a readily determinable market value. the estimated fair value of the ars no longer approximates par value. we have used a discounted cash flow model to determine the estimated fair value of our investment in ars as of december 31, 2015. the assumptions used in preparing the discounted cash flow model include estimates for interest rates, credit spreads, timing and amount of cash flows, liquidity risk premiums, expected holding periods and default risk of the ars. we update the discounted cash flow model on a quarterly basis to reflect any changes in the assumptions used in the model and settlements of ars investments that occurred during the period. based on this assessment of fair value, as of december 31, 2015, we determined there was a net decline in the fair value of our ars investments of approximately $435,000. the decline was deemed to be a temporary impairment and was recorded as an unrealized loss in accumulated other comprehensive loss in stockholders' equity. if the issuers of these ars are unable to successfully close future auctions and/or their credit ratings deteriorate, we may be required to record additional unrealized losses in accumulated other comprehensive loss or an other-than-temporary impairment charge to earnings on these investments, which would reduce our profitability and adversely affect our financial position.
we have not made any material changes in the accounting methodology used to determine the fair value of the ars. we do not expect any material changes in the near term to the underlying assumptions used to determine the unobservable inputs used to calculate the fair value of the ars as of december 31, 2015. however, if changes in these assumptions occur, and, should those changes be significant, we may be required to record additional unrealized losses in accumulated other comprehensive loss or an other-than-temporary impairment charge to earnings on these investments.
technical problems or disruptions that affect either our customers' ability to access our services, or the software, internal applications, database and network systems underlying our services, could damage our reputation and brands and lead to reduced demand for our information, analytics and online marketplace services, lower revenues and increased costs. our business, brands and reputation depend upon the satisfactory performance, reliability and availability of our websites, the internet and our service providers. interruptions in these systems, whether due to system failures, computer viruses, software errors, physical or electronic break-ins, or malicious hacks or attacks on our systems (such as denial of service attacks), could affect the security and availability of our services on our mobile applications and our websites and prevent or inhibit the ability of users to access our services. our operations also depend on our ability to protect our databases, computers and software, telecommunications equipment and facilities against damage from potential dangers such as fire, flood, power loss, security breaches, computer viruses, telecommunications failures, terrorist attacks, acts of war, electronic and physical break-ins, computer viruses, earthquakes and similar events. our users rely on our services when conducting their own businesses. disruptions in, or reductions in ability to access, our services for whatever reason could damage our users' businesses, harm our reputation, result in additional costs or result in reduced demand for our information, analytics and online marketplace services, any of which could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition.
in addition, the software, internal applications and systems underlying our services are complex and may not be error-free. our careful development and testing may not be sufficient to ensure that we will not encounter technical problems when we attempt to enhance our software, internal applications and systems. any inefficiencies, errors or technical problems with our software, internal applications and systems could reduce the quality of our services or interfere with our customers' access to our information, analytics and online marketplaces, which could reduce the demand for our services, lower our revenues and increase our costs.
the majority of the communications, network and computer hardware used to operate our mobile applications and websites are located at facilities in virginia and california. we do not own or control the operation of certain of these facilities. our systems and operations are vulnerable to damage or interruption from fire, flood, power loss, security breaches, computer viruses, telecommunications failure, terrorist attacks, acts of war, electronic and physical break-ins, earthquakes and similar events. these risks may be increased with respect to operations housed at facilities we do not own or control. the occurrence of any of the foregoing events could result in damage to our systems and hardware or could cause them to fail completely, and our insurance may not cover such events or may be insufficient to compensate us for losses that may occur.
a failure of our systems at any site could result in reduced functionality for our users, and a total failure of our systems could cause our mobile applications or websites to be inaccessible. problems faced or caused by our information technology service providers, including content distribution service providers, private network providers, internet providers and third-party web-hosting providers, or with the systems by which they allocate capacity among their customers (as applicable), could adversely affect the experience of our users. any financial difficulties, such as bankruptcy reorganization, faced by these third-party service providers or any of the service providers with whom they contract may have negative effects on our business, the nature and extent of which are difficult to predict. if our third-party service providers are unable to keep up with our growing needs for capacity, our business could be harmed. in addition, if distribution channels for our mobile applications experience disruptions, such disruptions could adversely affect the ability of users and potential users to access or update our mobile applications, which could harm our business.
our business interruption insurance may not cover certain events or may be insufficient to compensate us for the potentially significant losses, including the potential harm to the future growth of our business, which may result from interruptions in our service as a result of system failures or malicious attacks. any errors, defects, disruptions or other performance problems with our services could harm our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition.
our operating results and revenues are subject to fluctuations and our quarterly financial results may be subject to seasonality and market cyclicality, each of which could cause our stock price to be negatively affected. the commercial real estate market may be influenced by general economic conditions, economic cycles, annual seasonality factors and many other factors, which in turn may impact our financial results. the market is large and fragmented. the different sectors of the industry, such as office, industrial, retail, multifamily, and others, are influenced differently by different factors, and have historically moved through economic cycles with different timing. as such, it is difficult to estimate the potential impact of economic cycles and conditions or seasonality from year-to-year on our overall operating results. in addition, our results may be impacted by seasonality. the timing of widely observed holidays and vacation periods, particularly slow downs during the end-of-year holiday period, and availability of real estate agents and related service providers during these periods, could significantly affect our quarterly operating results during that period. if we are unable to adequately respond to economic, seasonal or cyclical conditions, our revenues, expenses and operating results may fluctuate from quarter to quarter. our operating results, revenues and expenses may fluctuate for many reasons, including those described below and elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k:
•   rates of subscriber adoption and retention;
•   timing of our sales conference or significant marketing events;
•   changes in our pricing strategy and timing of changes;
•   the timing and success of new service introductions and enhancements;
•   the shift of focus from, or phase out of services that overlap or are redundant with other services we offer;
•   the amount and timing of our operating expenses and capital expenditures;
•   our ability to control expenses;
•   costs related to acquisitions of businesses or technologies or impairment charges associated with such investments and acquisitions;
•   competition;
•   changes or consolidation in the real estate industry;
•   our investments in geographic expansion and to increase coverage in existing markets;
•   successful execution of our expansion and integration plans;
•   the development of our sales force;
•   foreign currency and exchange rate fluctuations;
•   changes in client budgets.
these fluctuations or seasonality effects could negatively affect our results of operations during the period in question and/or future periods or cause our stock price to decline. in addition, changes in accounting policies or practices may affect our level of net income. fluctuations in our financial results, revenues and expenses may cause the market price of our common stock to decline.
the consent order approved by the federal trade commission in connection with the loopnet merger imposes conditions that could have an adverse effect on us and our business, and failure to comply with the terms of the consent order may result in adverse consequences for the combined company. on april 26, 2012, the ftc accepted the consent order in connection with the loopnet merger that was previously agreed to among the ftc staff, costar, and loopnet on april 17, 2012. the consent order was subject to a 30-day public comment period, and on august 29, 2012, the ftc issued its final acceptance of the consent order.
the consent order, which is publicly available on the ftc's website at http://www.ftc.gov/, requires costar to maintain certain business practices that the ftc believes are pro-competitive.  for example, the consent order requires costar to maintain its customary practice of selling its products separately and on a market-by-market basis. it also requires costar to license its products to customers who have bought its competitors' products on a non-discriminatory basis. in addition, costar is required to maintain its customary licensing practices with respect to the length of its contracts, to allow customers with multi-year contracts to cancel with one year's advance notice, and to agree to reduce the cost of any litigation with customers by offering to arbitrate certain disputes. in the event that costar fails or is unable to comply with the terms of the consent order, costar could be subject to an enforcement proceeding that could result in substantial fines and/or injunctive relief. further, the provisions of the consent order may result in unanticipated adverse effects on the combined company and, therefore, reduce our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the merger. for example, the terms of the consent order that require us to continue to sell our products separately may prohibit us from combining or eliminating certain business lines, products or services that we believe would result in a long-term positive impact on our revenue and earnings.
we have incurred and will continue to incur acquisition-related costs. we have incurred severance costs and expect to incur additional costs to integrate prior acquisitions, such as it integration expenses and costs related to the renegotiation of redundant vendor agreements. costs in connection with acquisitions and integrations may be higher than expected, and we may also incur unanticipated acquisition-related costs. these costs could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operation or prospects of the combined business.
changes in accounting and reporting policies or practices may affect our financial results or presentation of results, which may affect our stock price. changes in accounting and reporting policies or practices could reduce our net income, which reductions may be independent of changes in our operations. these reductions in reported net income could cause our stock price to decline. for example, in 2006, we adopted authoritative guidance for stock compensation, which required us to expense the value of granted stock options.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations contains "forward-looking statements," including statements about our beliefs and expectations. there are many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. potential factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in any forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those stated above in item 1a. under the headings "risk factors - cautionary statement concerning forward-looking statements" and "- risk factors," as well as those described from time to time in our filings with the securities and exchange commission.
all forward-looking statements are based on information available to us on the date of this filing and we assume no obligation to update such statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. the following discussion should be read in conjunction with our quarterly reports on form 10-q, current reports on form 8-k and other filings with the securities and exchange commission and the consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this annual report on form 10-k.
overview costar group, inc. (the "company" or "costar") is the number one provider of information, analytics and online marketplaces to the commercial real estate industry in the united states ("u.s.") and the united kingdom ("u.k.") based on the fact that we offer the most comprehensive commercial real estate database available; have the largest research department in the industry; own and operate leading online marketplaces for commercial real estate and apartment listings in the u.s. based on the numbers of unique visitors and site visits per month; provide more information, analytics and marketing services than any of our competitors and believe that we generate more revenues than any of our commercial real estate information competitors. we created and compiled our standardized platform of information, analytics and online marketplace services where industry professionals and consumers of commercial real estate and apartments, and the related business communities, can continuously interact and facilitate transactions by efficiently accessing and exchanging accurate and standardized real estate-related information.
we have five flagship brands - costar®, loopnet®, apartments.comtm, bizbuysell® and landsofamericatm. our subscription-based services consist primarily of information, analytics and online marketplace services offered over the internet to commercial real estate industry and related professionals. our subscription-based information services consist primarily of costar suitetm services. costar suite is sold as a platform of service offerings consisting of costar property professional®, costar comps professional® and costar tenant® and through our mobile application, costargo®. our integrated suite of online service offerings includes information about space available for lease, comparable sales information, information about properties for sale, tenant information, internet marketing services, analytical capabilities, information for clients' websites, information about industry professionals and their business relationships, data integration and industry news. we provide market research and analysis for commercial real estate investors and lenders via our costar portfolio strategy and costar market analytics service offerings; portfolio and debt analysis, management and reporting capabilities through our costar investment analysis and costar risk analytics service offerings; and, real estate and lease management solutions, including lease administration and abstraction services, through our costar real estate manager service offerings.
our loopnet subscription-based online marketplace services enable commercial property owners, landlords, and real estate agents working on their behalf to list properties for sale or for lease and to submit detailed information about property listings. commercial real estate agents, buyers and tenants also use loopnet's online marketplace services to search for available property listings that meet their criteria.
apartments.com is part of our network of apartment marketing sites, which also includes apartmentfinder.comtm and apartmenthomeliving.com. our apartment marketing network of subscription-based services offers renters a searchable database of apartment listings and provides professional property management companies and landlords with an advertising destination. through an exclusive agreement with move, inc., a subsidiary of news corp., apartments.com is also the exclusive third-party provider of apartment community listings across move's family of websites, which include realtor.com®, doorsteps.com and move.com.
our bizbuysell services, which includes bizquest®, provide an online marketplace for operating businesses for sale. our landsofamerica services, which includes landandfarm, provide an online marketplace for rural lands for sale.
our service offerings span all commercial property types, including office, retail, industrial, multifamily, commercial land, mixed-use and hospitality.
subscription-based services our subscription-based services consist primarily of information, analytics and online marketplace services offered over the internet to commercial real estate industry and related professionals. our services are typically distributed to our clients under subscription-based license agreements that renew automatically, a majority of which have a term of one year. upon renewal, many of the subscription contract rates may change in accordance with contract provisions or as a result of contract renegotiations. to encourage clients to use our services regularly, we generally charge a fixed monthly amount for our subscription-based services rather than charging fees based on actual system usage or number of paid clicks. depending on the type of service, contract rates are generally based on the number of sites, number of users, organization size, the client's business focus, geography, the number and types of services to which a client subscribes, the number of properties a client advertises and the prominence and placement of a client's advertised properties in the search results. our subscription clients generally pay contract fees on a monthly basis, but in some cases may pay us on a quarterly or annual basis.
our subscription-based information services consist primarily of costar suitetm services. costar suite is sold as a platform of service offerings consisting of costar property professional®, costar comps professional® and costar tenant® and through our mobile application, costargo®. costar suite is our primary service offering in our north america and international operating segments.
as of december 31, 2014 and 2015, our annualized net new sales of subscription-based services on annual contracts were approximately $17.3 million and $29.2 million, respectively, calculated based on the annualized amount of change in our sales resulting from new annual subscription-based contracts or upsales on existing annual subscription-based contracts, less write downs and cancellations, for the period reported. we recognize subscription revenue on a straight-line basis over the life of the contract. annual and quarterly advance payments result in deferred revenue, substantially reducing the working capital requirements generated by accounts receivable.
for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014 and 2015, our contract renewal rate for existing costar subscription-based services was approximately 92% and 90%, respectively, and therefore our cancellation rate for those services was approximately 8% and 10%, respectively, for the same time periods. the recent decrease in our contract renewal rate is related to the execution of annual contracts by many of our loopnet customers, who historically have not signed long term agreements and typically have a lower renewal rate than the rest of our subscription-based customers. our contract renewal rate is a quantitative measurement that is typically closely correlated with our revenue results. as a result, management also believes that the rate may be a reliable indicator of short-term and long-term performance. our trailing twelve-month contract renewal rate may decline if, among other reasons, negative economic conditions lead to greater business failures and/or consolidations among our clients, reductions in customer spending, or decreases in our customer base.
apartment rental marketplaces on april 1, 2014 (the "closing date"), we increased our presence in the multifamily vertical by acquiring from classified ventures, llc ("cv"), certain assets and assuming certain liabilities, in each case, related to the apartments.com business (collectively referred to as "apartments.com"), a national online apartment rentals resource for renters, property managers and owners. apartments.com offers renters a database of apartment listings and provides professional property management companies and landlords an advertising destination. renters can conduct personalized searches of apartment listings and view video demonstrations and community reviews through the apartments.com website and mobile applications. the apartments.com network of rental websites also includes apartmenthomeliving.com, another national online apartment rentals resource.
apartments.com draws on costar's multifamily database, which contains detailed information on apartment properties. we designed the improved apartments.com website, which was launched in february 2015, to meet renter preferences and demands, which we believe will drive traffic to the site and attract advertisers who prefer to advertise on heavily trafficked apartment websites. the site provides a comprehensive selection of rentals, information on actual availabilities and rents, and in-depth data on neighborhoods, including restaurants, nightlife, history, schools and other facts important to renters. to help renters find the information that meets their needs, the site also offers innovative search tools such as the polygontm search, which allows renters to specifically define the area in which they want to find an apartment, and plan commute tools, which allows renters to search property listings that meet their transportation needs.
to further support our expansion into the multifamily vertical, on june 1, 2015, we acquired network communications, inc. ("nci"), including its apartment finder business (collectively referred to as "apartment finder"). apartment finder provides lead generation, advertising, and internet marketing solutions to property managers and owners through its main service, apartmentfinder.com. similar to apartments.com, we developed technology to allow apartmentfinder.com to draw on costar's multifamily database. in december 2015, we launched the new apartmentfinder.com website to meet renter preferences and demands, which we believe will drive traffic to the site and attract advertisers who prefer to advertise on heavily trafficked apartment websites. we also have phased out print advertising from apartment finder and moved to an all-digital offering.
in 2015, we entered into an agreement to be the exclusive third party provider of apartment community listings on the websites owned and operated by news corp. subsidiary move, inc.- realtor.com®, move.com, and doorsteps.com - with advertiser content from apartments.com and apartmentfinder.com. through this agreement, we are able to promote the apartment communities of our advertisers across six major apartment and real estate rental websites, increasing traffic across our network of apartment marketing websites, and in turn increasing the lead flow to our advertisers' communities.
similar to our other past acquisitions, we have been, and plan to continue, integrating, further developing and cross-selling the services offered by apartments.com and apartmentfinder.com and the other services we offer, including but not limited to costar market analytics. we have incurred and plan to continue to incur product development costs to improve the online apartments.com and apartmentfinder.com platforms. we have increased our sales and marketing expenses in order to support apartments.com and to increase brand awareness. in conjunction with the launch of the improved apartments.com website, we embarked on a wide-scale marketing campaign in 2015 to generate brand awareness and site traffic for apartments.com. the marketing campaign featured television and radio advertising, online/digital advertising, social media and out-of-home ads and was reinforced by search engine marketing. we also increased our search engine marketing to support apartment finder. in 2016, we ran a super bowl ad to continue to generate brand awareness and site traffic for apartments.com. we expect to continue to invest in sales and marketing in 2016. as we continue to assess the success and effectiveness of our marketing campaign, we will also seek to determine the optimal level of marketing investment in the future.
development and expansion we expect to continue our software development efforts to improve existing services, introduce new services, integrate products and services, cross-sell existing services, and expand and develop supporting technologies for our research and sales and marketing organizations. we are committed to supporting and improving our information, news, analytic and online marketplace solutions.
the launch of the improved apartments.com website in february 2015 and the new apartmentfinder.com website in december 2015 are examples of our software development efforts to improve existing services, introduce new services, integrate products and services, and cross-sell existing services. we believe the improved sites, enhanced search capabilities, availability of information regarding real-time vacancies, and our continued development and introduction of enhancements to our online apartment rental marketplaces will attract more consumers, making these sites more attractive to property managers, which will increase our cross-selling opportunities. our software development initiatives in 2015 included enhancing our new costar lease analysis® integrated workflow tool to provide users a simple way to produce understandable cash flows for leases, and to enhance other lease comparable services. we believe greater functionality makes our services valuable to an even broader audience and helps us increase sales of our services to brokers, banks, owners and institutional investors. we expect technology enhancements to drive continued revenue growth in 2016 and for the foreseeable future.
we evaluate potential changes to our service offerings from time to time in order to better align the services we offer with customers' needs. further, in some cases, when integrating and coordinating our services and assessing industry and client needs, we may decide to combine, shift focus from, de-emphasize, phase out, or eliminate a service that, among other things, overlaps or is redundant with other services we offer. in the event that we eliminate or phase out particular service offerings, we may experience reduced revenues and earnings. the decision to eliminate or phase out a service offering may also ultimately result in increased revenues and earnings from sales of other services we offer in lieu of the eliminated or phased out services. for example, we recently eliminated certain apartment finder services and phased out apartment finder print advertising and moved to an all-digital offering. we expect a short-term reduction in revenues and associated costs resulting from the elimination of these apartment finder services. additionally, we are working to integrate the backend systems of the loopnet and costar databases, so that the two services will share a unified database of information in order to create efficiencies in operations and improved data for our customers. we also hope to increase the quantity and quality of the listing information available by enabling select brokers and other industry participants to load information directly into the integrated system, simultaneously reducing the time and costs associated with researching and maintaining our comprehensive database of commercial real estate information. further, we continue to assess whether to transition the loopnet marketplace to a pure marketing site for commercial real estate where, eventually, all listings would be paid and users could search the site for free. if and when we implement such a shift, we will seek to convert loopnet marketplace customers to higher value, more profitable annual subscription information services, which should increase revenues and earnings over time. however, we cannot predict with certainty the amount or timing of any reductions in revenues and earnings or subsequent increases in revenues and earnings, if any, resulting from any eliminations or phasing out of the loopnet information services or any other service offering, if implemented.
our revenues have increased as a result of revenue from acquired businesses and from cross-selling opportunities among the customers of costar and the acquired companies. we expect to continue to increase revenues as a result of such cross-selling opportunities. we may incur increased expenses in connection with any marketing and sales campaigns involving cross-selling opportunities and initiatives, and in connection with promotion of our new services and brands.
we are expanding the geographic reach of our north america services. in 2014, we began offering our services in toronto, canada. building on our experience in toronto, we have expanded and are continuing to expand our research into additional canadian cities. in the second quarter of 2015, we began offering services in calgary and vancouver and are currently researching commercial real estate in the canadian cities of ottawa and edmonton. further, on july 1, 2015, we expanded our international services into madrid, spain through the acquisition of the assets of belbex corporate, s.l., a small commercial real estate information provider operating in madrid. we believe that our integration efforts and continued investments in our services, including expansion of our existing service offerings, have created a platform for long-term revenue growth. we expect these investments to result in further penetration of our subscription-based services and the successful cross-selling of our services to customers in existing markets.
we have invested in the expansion and development of our field sales force to support the growth and expansion of our company in north america and internationally. we plan to continue to invest in, evaluate and strategically position our sales force as the company continues to develop and grow. we are also investing in our research capacity to support continued growth of our information and analytics offerings, to support apartments.com and apartment finder, to expand into additional canadian markets and to provide services in madrid, spain. while we believe investments we make in our business create a platform for growth, those investments may reduce our profitability and adversely affect our financial position.
we intend to continue to assess the need for additional investments in our business, in addition to the investments discussed above in order to develop and distribute new services within our current platform or expand the reach of our current service offerings. any future product development or expansion of services, combination and coordination of services or elimination of services or internal expansion, development or restructuring efforts could reduce our profitability and increase our capital expenditures. any new investments, changes to our service offerings or other unforeseen events could cause us to generate losses and negative cash flow from operations in the future. any development efforts must comply with our credit facility, which contains restrictive covenants that restrict our operations and use of our cash flow and may prevent us from taking certain actions that we believe could increase our profitability or otherwise enhance our business.
financial matters our financial reporting currency is the u.s. dollar. changes in exchange rates can significantly affect our reported results and consolidated trends. we believe that our increasing diversification beyond the u.s. economy through our international businesses benefits our stockholders over the long term. we also believe it is important to evaluate our operating results before and after the effect of currency changes, as it may provide a more accurate comparison of our results of operations over historical periods. see item 7a for details on the impact currency changes have on our results of operations. currency exchange rate volatility may continue, which may impact (either positively or negatively) our reported financial results and consolidated trends and period-to-period comparisons of our consolidated operations.
we currently issue stock options and/or restricted stock to our officers, directors and employees, and as a result we record compensation expense in our consolidated statements of operations. the amount and timing of the compensation expense that we record depends on the amount and types of equity grants made. we plan to continue to use stock-based compensation for our officers, directors and employees, which may include, among other things, restricted stock, restricted stock units or stock option grants that typically will require us to record additional compensation expense in our consolidated statements of operations and reduce our net income. grants of equity awards may vest over time or based on achievement of pre-approved performance conditions and market conditions.
in february 2014, the compensation committee of our board of directors approved grants of restricted common stock to our executive officers that vest based on our achievement of a three-year cumulative revenue goal established at the grant date, and are subject to forfeiture in the event the foregoing performance condition is not met by december 31, 2016. in march 2015, the compensation committee of our board of directors approved grants of restricted common stock to our executive officers that vest based on our achievement of a three-year cumulative revenue goal established at the grant date, and are subject to forfeiture in the event the foregoing performance condition is not met by december 31, 2017. these grants of restricted common stock are also subject to continuing employment requirements and a market condition based on total shareholder return ("tsr"). the actual number of shares that vest at the end of the respective three-year period is determined based on our achievement of the three-year performance goals described above, as well as our tsr relative to the russell 1000 index over the related three-year performance period. as of december 31, 2015, we reassessed the probability of achieving the performance and market conditions and determined that it was still probable that the performance and market conditions for the 2014 and 2015 performance-based restricted common stock awards would be met by their respective forfeiture dates. as a result, we recorded a total of approximately $1.1 million and $2.8 million of stock-based compensation expense related to the performance-based restricted common stock awards with a market condition for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2015, respectively. we expect to record an estimated unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to the performance-based restricted common stock awards of approximately $5.3 million over the periods 2016, 2017 and 2018.
the compensation committee of our board of directors may grant additional performance-based equity awards in the future under the company's 2007 stock incentive plan.
property developments as in the past, we expect to continue to identify new facilities and consolidate existing facilities to better accommodate the changing demands of our business and employees. as a result, we may incur additional lease restructuring charges for the abandonment of certain lease space and the impairment of leasehold improvements.
application of critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap") requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and revenues and expenses during the period reported. the following accounting policies involve a "critical accounting estimate" because they are particularly dependent on estimates and assumptions made by management about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the accounting estimates are made. in addition, while we have used our best estimates based on facts and circumstances available to us at the time, different acceptable assumptions would yield different results. changes in the accounting estimates are reasonably likely to occur from period to period, which may have a material impact on the presentation of our financial condition and results of operations. we review these estimates and assumptions periodically and reflect the effects of revisions in the period that they are determined to be necessary.
fair value of auction rate securities fair value is defined as the price that would be received in the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. there is a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which categorizes assets and liabilities by the inputs used in measuring fair value. these tiers include: level 1, defined as observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets; level 2, defined as inputs other than quoted prices in active markets that are either directly or indirectly observable; and level 3, defined as unobservable inputs for which little or no market data exists, therefore requiring an entity to develop its own assumptions. our level 3 assets consist of auction rate securities ("ars"), whose underlying assets are primarily student loan securities supported by guarantees from the federal family education loan program ("ffelp") of the u.s. department of education.
our ars investments are not currently actively trading and therefore do not currently have a readily determinable market value. the estimated fair value of the ars no longer approximates par value. we have used a discounted cash flow model to determine the estimated fair value of our investment in ars as of december 31, 2015. the assumptions used in preparing the discounted cash flow model include estimates for interest rates, credit spreads, timing and amount of contractual cash flows, liquidity risk premiums, expected holding periods and default risk of the ars. we update the discounted cash flow model on a quarterly basis to reflect any changes in the assumptions used in the model and settlements of ars investments that occurred during the period.
the only significant unobservable input in the discounted cash flow model is the discount rate. the discount rate used represents our estimate of the yield expected by a market participant from the ars investments. the weighted average discount rate used in the discounted cash flow model as of december 31, 2014 and 2015 was approximately 4.1% and 4.7%, respectively. selecting another discount rate within the range used in the discounted cash flow model would not result in a significant change to the fair value of the ars.
based on this assessment of fair value, as of december 31, 2015, we determined there was a net decline in the fair value of our ars investments of approximately $435,000. the decline was deemed to be a temporary impairment and recorded as an unrealized loss in accumulated other comprehensive loss in stockholders' equity. if the issuers of these ars are unable to successfully close future auctions and/or their credit ratings deteriorate, we may be required to record additional unrealized losses in accumulated other comprehensive loss or an other-than-temporary impairment charge to earnings on these investments, which would reduce our profitability and adversely affect our financial position.
we have not made any material changes in the accounting methodology used to determine the fair value of the ars. we do not expect any material changes in the near term to the underlying assumptions used to determine the unobservable inputs used to calculate the fair value of the ars as of december 31, 2015. however, if changes in these assumptions occur, and, should those changes be significant, we may be exposed to additional unrealized losses in accumulated other comprehensive loss or an other-than-temporary impairment charge to earnings on these investments.
stock-based compensation we account for equity instruments issued in exchange for employee services using a fair-value based method and we recognize the fair value of such equity instruments as an expense in the consolidated statements of operations. we estimate the fair value of each option granted on the date of grant using the black-scholes option-pricing model, which requires us to estimate the dividend yield, expected volatility, risk-free interest rate and expected life of the stock option. for equity instruments that vest based on a market condition, we estimate the fair value of each equity instrument granted on the date of grant using a monte-carlo simulation model, which also requires us to estimate the dividend yield, expected volatility, risk-free interest rate and expected life of the equity instruments. these assumptions and the estimation of expected forfeitures are based on multiple factors, including historical employee behavior patterns of exercising options and post-employment termination behavior, expected future employee option exercise patterns, and the historical volatility of our stock price. for equity instruments that vest based on performance, we assess the probability of the achievement of the performance conditions at the end of each reporting period, or more frequently based upon the occurrence of events that may change the probability of whether the performance conditions would be met. if our initial estimates of the achievement of the performance conditions change, the related stock-based compensation expense and timing of recognition may fluctuate from period to period based on those estimates. if the performance conditions are not met, no stock-based compensation expense will be recognized, and any previously recognized stock-based compensation expense will be reversed.
we do not expect any material changes in the near term to the underlying assumptions used to calculate stock-based compensation expense for the year ended december 31, 2015. however, if changes in these assumptions occur, and, should those changes be significant, they could have a material impact on our stock-based compensation expense.
business combinations we allocate the purchase consideration to the tangible assets acquired, liabilities assumed and intangible assets acquired based on their estimated fair values. the excess of the fair value of purchase consideration over the fair values of these identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. such valuations require management to make significant estimates and assumptions, especially with respect to intangible assets. significant estimates in valuing certain intangible assets include, but are not limited to, future expected cash flows from acquired customer bases, acquired database technology, and acquired trade names from a market participant's perspective, useful lives and discount rates. during the measurement period, we may record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. upon the conclusion of the measurement period, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to earnings.
valuation of long-lived and intangible assets and goodwill we assess the impairment of long-lived assets, identifiable intangibles and goodwill whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. judgments made by management relate to the expected useful lives of long-lived assets and our ability to recover the carrying value of such assets. the accuracy of these judgments may be adversely affected by several factors, including the factors listed below:
•   significant underperformance relative to historical or projected future operating results;
•   significant changes in the manner of our use of the acquired assets or the strategy for our overall business;
•   significant decline in our market capitalization relative to net book value for a sustained period.
when we determine that the carrying value of long-lived and identifiable intangible assets may not be recovered based upon the existence of one or more of the above indicators, we test for impairment.
goodwill and identifiable intangible assets that are not subject to amortization are tested annually for impairment by each reporting unit on october 1 of each year and are also tested for impairment more frequently based upon the existence of one or more of the above indicators. we consider our operating segments, north america and international, as our reporting units under financial accounting standards board ("fasb") authoritative guidance for consideration of potential impairment of goodwill.
to determine whether it is necessary to perform the two-step goodwill impairment test, we may first assess qualitative factors to evaluate whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. if we conclude that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount or if we elect not to assess qualitative factors, then we perform the two-step process. the first step is to determine the fair value of each reporting unit. we estimate the fair value of each reporting unit based on a projected discounted cash flow model that includes significant assumptions and estimates including our discount rate, growth rate and future financial performance. assumptions about the discount rate are based on a weighted average cost of capital for comparable companies. assumptions about the growth rate and future financial performance of a reporting unit are based on our forecasts, business plans, economic projections and anticipated future cash flows. our assumptions regarding the future financial performance of the international reporting unit reflect our expectation as of october 1, 2015, that revenues will continue to increase as a result of further penetration of our international subscription-based services, including into madrid, spain, and the successful cross-selling of our services to our customers in existing markets due to the release of our upgraded international platform and expansion of coverage of our international service offerings. these assumptions are subject to change from period to period and could be adversely impacted by the uncertainty surrounding global market conditions, commercial real estate conditions, and the competitive environment in which we operate. changes in these or other factors could negatively affect our reporting units' fair value and potentially result in impairment charges. such impairment charges could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
the fair value of each reporting unit is compared to the carrying amount of the reporting unit. if the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds the fair value, then the second step of the process is performed to measure the impairment loss. we estimate the fair value of our reporting units based on a projected discounted cash flow method using a discount rate determined by our management to be commensurate with the risk in our current business model. as of october 1, 2015, the date of our most recent impairment analysis, the estimated fair value of each of our reporting units substantially exceeded the carrying value of our reporting units. there have been no events or changes in circumstances since the date of our impairment analysis on october 1, 2015 that would indicate that the carrying value of each reporting unit may not be recoverable.
to determine whether it is necessary to perform the quantitative impairment test for indefinite-lived intangible assets, we may first assess qualitative factors to evaluate whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible assets is less than the carrying amount. if we conclude that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible assets is less than the carrying amount or if we elect not to assess qualitative factors, then we perform a quantitative impairment test. we estimate the fair value of our existing indefinite-lived intangible assets using the relief from royalty method that includes significant assumptions and estimates including our discount rate, revenue growth rate and royalty rate. assumptions about the discount rate are based on a weighted average cost of capital for comparable companies. assumptions about the revenue growth rate are based on our forecasts, business plans and economic projections. assumptions about the royalty rate are based on royalty agreements for comparable companies with similar intangible assets.
as of october 1, 2015, the date of our most recent annual impairment analysis, the estimated fair value of our indefinite-lived intangible assets substantially exceeded the carrying value. there have been no events or changes in circumstances since the date of our impairment analysis on october 1, 2015 that would indicate that the carrying value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset may not be recoverable.
during the first quarter of 2014, we finalized a branding initiative plan that included, among other things, re-branding some of the services provided by our wholly owned subsidiaries, in order to better organize, update, streamline and optimize our branding strategy. we launched the branding initiative externally in the second quarter of 2014. following the external launch of the branding initiative, we ceased using certain of our trade names. we evaluated these assets for impairment during the first quarter of 2014 and determined that the carrying value of trade names we ceased using exceeded the fair value. the adjusted carrying value of our trade name intangible assets associated with the branding initiative was amortized through the date of the external launch of the branding initiative and the fully amortized gross carrying amount was written off during the three months ended june 30, 2014.
during the third quarter of 2014, we finalized and launched a separate marketing plan that included the re-branding of a service provided by another one of our wholly owned subsidiaries, in order to provide our customers with a more enhanced experience. following the external launch of the branding initiative, we ceased using one of our trade names. we evaluated the asset for impairment during the third quarter of 2014 and determined that the carrying value of the trade name that we ceased using exceeded the fair value.
as a result of these branding and marketing plans during 2014, we recorded impairment charges of approximately $1.8 million in cost of revenues in the consolidated statements of operations within our north america operating segment for the year ended december 31, 2014.
in february 2015, as a result of our product development efforts, we launched the improved apartments.com website with a cleaner look, information about actual rental availabilities, rents and other fees, and better search functionality. in conjunction with the launch, we ceased using the database technology acquired in the acquisition of apartments.com. we evaluated the acquired database technology for impairment during the first quarter of 2015 and determined that the carrying value of the acquired database technology was impaired as we had ceased using the asset.
in june 2015, following the june 1, 2015 acquisition of apartment finder, we decided to cease providing certain apartment finder services. additionally, in june 2015, we decided to cease development work related to a development project within apartment finder. we evaluated the acquired customer base and acquired database technology for impairment during the second quarter of 2015 and, based on that evaluation, determined that the customer base and database technology assets associated with the ceased services and development work were impaired as they were not expected to provide us with any economic benefit.
as a result of the launch of the improved apartments.com website in 2015 and the decision to cease providing certain apartment finder services, we recorded an impairment charge of approximately $2.8 million, which was recorded in cost of revenues and general and administrative expense in the consolidated statements of operations within the company's north america operating segment for the year ended december 31, 2015.
accounting for income taxes as part of the process of preparing our consolidated financial statements, we are required to estimate our income taxes in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate. this process requires us to estimate our current tax exposure and assess the temporary differences resulting from differing treatment of items, such as deferred revenue or deductibility of certain intangible assets, for tax and accounting purposes. these differences result in deferred tax assets and liabilities, which are included within our consolidated balance sheets. we must then also assess the likelihood that our deferred tax assets will be recovered from future taxable income, and, to the extent we believe that it is more-likely-than not that some portion or all of our deferred tax assets will not be realized, we must establish a valuation allowance. to the extent we establish a valuation allowance or change the allowance in a period, we must reflect the corresponding increase or decrease within the tax provision in the consolidated statements of operations.
non-gaap financial measures we prepare and publicly release quarterly unaudited financial statements prepared in accordance with gaap. we also disclose and discuss certain non-gaap financial measures in our public releases, investor conference calls and filings with the securities and exchange commission. the non-gaap financial measures that we may disclose include ebitda, adjusted ebitda, non-gaap net income and non-gaap net income per diluted share (also referred to as "non-gaap eps"). ebitda is our net income (loss) before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization. we typically disclose ebitda on a consolidated and an operating segment basis in our earnings releases, investor conference calls and filings with the securities and exchange commission. adjusted ebitda is different from ebitda because we further adjust ebitda for stock-based compensation expense, acquisition- and integration-related costs, restructuring costs and settlements and impairments incurred outside our ordinary course of business. non-gaap net income and non-gaap net income per diluted share are similarly adjusted for stock-based compensation expense, acquisition- and integration-related costs, restructuring costs, settlement and impairment costs incurred outside our ordinary course of business as well as purchase amortization and other related costs. we may disclose adjusted ebitda, non-gaap net income and non-gaap net income per diluted share on a consolidated basis in our earnings releases, investor conference calls and filings with the securities and exchange commission. the non-gaap financial measures that we use may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. also, in the future, we may disclose different non-gaap financial measures in order to help our investors meaningfully evaluate and compare our results of operations to our previously reported results of operations or to those of other companies in our industry.
we view ebitda, adjusted ebitda, non-gaap net income and non-gaap net income per diluted share as operating performance measures and as such we believe that the most directly comparable gaap financial measure is net income (loss). in calculating ebitda, adjusted ebitda, non-gaap net income and non-gaap net income per diluted share, we exclude from net income (loss) the financial items that we believe should be separately identified to provide additional analysis of the financial components of the day-to-day operation of our business. we have outlined below the type and scope of these exclusions and the material limitations on the use of these non-gaap financial measures as a result of these exclusions. ebitda, adjusted ebitda, non-gaap net income and non-gaap net income per diluted share are not measurements of financial performance under gaap and should not be considered as a measure of liquidity, as an alternative to net income (loss) or as an indicator of any other measure of performance derived in accordance with gaap. investors and potential investors in our securities should not rely on ebitda, adjusted ebitda, non-gaap net income and non-gaap net income per diluted share as a substitute for any gaap financial measure, including net income (loss). in addition, we urge investors and potential investors in our securities to carefully review the gaap financial information included as part of our annual reports on form 10-k and quarterly reports on form 10-q that are filed with the securities and exchange commission, as well as our quarterly earnings releases, and compare the gaap financial information with our ebitda, adjusted ebitda, non-gaap net income and non-gaap net income per diluted share.
ebitda, adjusted ebitda, non-gaap net income and non-gaap net income per diluted share may be used by management to internally measure our operating and management performance and may be used by investors as supplemental financial measures to evaluate the performance of our business. we believe that these non-gaap measures, when viewed with our gaap results and the accompanying reconciliation, provide additional information that is useful to understand the factors and trends affecting our business. we have spent more than 28 years building our database of commercial real estate information and expanding our markets and services partially through acquisitions of complementary businesses. due to the expansion of our information, analytics and online marketplace services, which has included acquisitions, our net income (loss) has included significant charges for purchase amortization, depreciation and other amortization, acquisition- and integration-related costs and restructuring costs. adjusted ebitda, non-gaap net income and non-gaap net income per diluted share exclude these charges and provide meaningful information about the operating performance of our business, apart from charges for purchase amortization, depreciation and other amortization, acquisition- and integration-related costs, restructuring costs and settlement and impairment costs incurred outside our ordinary course of business. we believe the disclosure of non-gaap measures can help investors meaningfully evaluate and compare our performance from quarter to quarter and from year to year. we also believe the non-gaap measures we disclose are measures of our ongoing operating performance because the isolation of non-cash charges, such as amortization and depreciation, and other items, such as interest, income taxes, stock-based compensation expenses, acquisition- and integration-related costs, restructuring costs and settlement and impairment costs incurred outside our ordinary course of business, provides additional information about our cost structure, and, over time, helps track our operating progress. in addition, investors, securities analysts and others have regularly relied on ebitda and may rely on adjusted ebitda, non-gaap net income or non-gaap net income per diluted share to provide a financial measure by which to compare our operating performance against that of other companies in our industry.
set forth below are descriptions of the financial items that have been excluded from our net income (loss) to calculate ebitda and the material limitations associated with using this non-gaap financial measure as compared to net income (loss):
•   purchase amortization in cost of revenues may be useful for investors to consider because it represents the diminishing value of any acquired trade names and other intangible assets and the use of our acquired database technology, which is one of the sources of information for our database of commercial real estate information. we do not believe these charges necessarily reflect the current and ongoing cash charges related to our operating cost structure.
•   purchase amortization in operating expenses may be useful for investors to consider because it represents the estimated attrition of our acquired customer base. we do not believe these charges necessarily reflect the current and ongoing cash charges related to our operating cost structure.
•   depreciation and other amortization may be useful for investors to consider because they generally represent the wear and tear on our property and equipment used in our operations. we do not believe these charges necessarily reflect the current and ongoing cash charges related to our operating cost structure.
•   the amount of interest income we generate may be useful for investors to consider and may result in current cash inflows. however, we do not consider the amount of interest income to be a representative component of the day-to-day operating performance of our business.
•   the amount of interest expense we incur may be useful for investors to consider and may result in current cash outflows. however, we do not consider the amount of interest expense to be a representative component of the day-to-day operating performance of our business.
•   income tax expense may be useful for investors to consider because it generally represents the taxes which may be payable for the period and the change in deferred income taxes during the period and may reduce the amount of funds otherwise available for use in our business. however, we do not consider the amount of income tax expense to be a representative component of the day-to-day operating performance of our business.
set forth below are descriptions of the financial items that have been excluded from our net income (loss) to calculate adjusted ebitda and the material limitations associated with using this non-gaap financial measure as compared to net income (loss):
•   purchase amortization in cost of revenues, purchase amortization in operating expenses, depreciation and other amortization, interest income, interest expense, and income tax expense as previously described above with respect to the calculation of ebitda.
•   stock-based compensation expense may be useful for investors to consider because it represents a portion of the compensation of our employees and executives. determining the fair value of the stock-based instruments involves a high degree of judgment and estimation and the expenses recorded may bear little resemblance to the actual value realized upon the future exercise or termination of the related stock-based awards. therefore, we believe it is useful to exclude stock-based compensation in order to better understand the long-term performance of our core business.
•   the amount of acquisition- and integration-related costs incurred may be useful for investors to consider because they generally represent professional service fees and direct expenses related to the acquisition. because we do not acquire businesses on a predictable cycle we do not consider the amount of acquisition- and integration-related costs to be a representative component of the day-to-day operating performance of our business.
•   the amount of restructuring costs incurred may be useful for investors to consider because they generally represent costs incurred in connection with a change in a contract or a change in the makeup of our properties or personnel. we do not consider the amount of restructuring related costs to be a representative component of the day-to-day operating performance of our business.
•   the amount of material settlement and impairment costs incurred outside of our ordinary course of business may be useful for investors to consider because they generally represent gains or losses from the settlement of litigation matters or impairments on acquired intangible assets. we do not believe these charges necessarily reflect the current and ongoing cash charges related to our operating cost structure.
the financial items that have been excluded from our net income (loss) to calculate non-gaap net income and non-gaap net income per diluted share are purchase amortization and other related costs, stock-based compensation, acquisition- and integration-related costs, restructuring costs and settlement and impairment costs incurred outside our ordinary course of business. these items are discussed above with respect to the calculation of adjusted ebitda together with the material limitations associated with using this non-gaap financial measure as compared to net income (loss). we subtract an assumed provision for income taxes to calculate non-gaap net income. in 2013, 2014 and 2015, we assumed a 38% tax rate in order to approximate our long-term effective corporate tax rate.
non-gaap net income per diluted share is a non-gaap financial measure that represents non-gaap net income divided by the number of diluted shares outstanding for the period used in the calculation of gaap net income (loss) per diluted share.
management compensates for the above-described limitations of using non-gaap measures by using a non-gaap measure only to supplement our gaap results and to provide additional information that is useful to understand the factors and trends affecting our business.
the following table shows our ebitda reconciled to our net income (loss) and our net cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities for the indicated periods (in thousands):
ebitda                                            $94,212                $151,250                 $89,987
operating activities                             $108,298                $143,909                $131,245
investing activities                             $(18,966    )          $(605,987    )          $(215,502    )
financing activities                              $10,405                $733,513                $(20,504    )
consolidated results of operations the following table provides our selected consolidated results of operations for the indicated periods (in thousands of dollars and as a percentage of total revenue):
selling and marketing             98,708            22.4               150,305            26.1               302,226            42.5
software development              46,757            10.6                55,426             9.6                65,760             9.2
income before income taxes        47,537            10.8                70,913            12.4                 2,581             0.4
revenues. revenues increased to $711.8 million in 2015, from $575.9 million in 2014. the $135.9 million increase was primarily attributable to increased revenue of approximately $83.8 million from apartment finder and apartments.com as well as the further penetration of our subscription-based services and successful cross-selling of our services to our customers in existing markets, combined with continued high renewal rates.
gross margin. gross margin increased to $522.9 million in 2015, from $419.0 million in 2014. the gross margin percentage increased to 73.5% in 2015, from 72.7% in 2014. the increase in the gross margin amount and percentage was principally due to an increase in revenue, partially offset by an increase in cost of revenues of $31.9 million. the increase in costs of revenues is primarily due to the additional cost of revenues from our june 1, 2015 acquisition of apartment finder.
selling and marketing expenses. selling and marketing expenses increased to $302.2 million in 2015, from $150.3 million in 2014, and increased as a percentage of revenues to 42.5% in 2015, from 26.1% in 2014. the increase in the amount and percentage of selling and marketing expenses was primarily due to a wide-scale marketing campaign that began during the first quarter of 2015 and continued to run through the remainder of 2015 to generate brand awareness and site traffic for apartments.com.
software development expenses. software development expenses increased to $65.8 million in 2015, from $55.4 million in 2014, and decreased as a percentage of revenues to 9.2% in 2015, from 9.6% in 2014. the increase in the amount of software development expense was primarily due to an increase in personnel costs to support enhancements and upgrades to our services.
general and administrative expenses. general and administrative expenses increased to $115.5 million in 2015, from $103.9 million in 2014, and decreased as a percentage of revenues to 16.2% in 2015 from 18.0% in 2014. the increase in the amount of general and administrative expenses was primarily due to additional general and administrative expenses of $16.3 million from apartment finder and apartments.com. these increases in general and administrative expenses were partially offset by loss contingencies and other legal costs related to litigation of approximately $3.4 million incurred during 2014 that did not occur during 2015, as well as a decrease in acquisition-related costs of approximately $479,000 in 2015 compared to 2014.
purchase amortization expense. purchase amortization expense decreased to approximately $27.9 million in 2015, from $28.4 million in 2014, and decreased as a percentage of revenue to 3.9% in 2015, compared to 4.9% in 2014. the decrease in the amount and percentage of purchase amortization expense was primarily due to a decrease in purchase amortization expense from loopnet of $2.3 million due to the accelerated amortization of the loopnet acquired customer base in 2014, partially offset by an increase in purchase amortization expenses of $2.0 million from apartment finder and apartments.com in 2015.
interest and other income. interest and other income increased to approximately $537,000 in 2015 compared to approximately $516,000 in 2014. the increase was primarily due to our higher average cash and cash equivalent balance in 2015 resulting from the public equity offering we completed in june 2014.
income tax expense, net. income tax expense, net decreased to $6.0 million in 2015 compared to $26.0 million in 2014. this decrease was primarily due to lower income before income taxes in 2015 as compared to 2014 as a result of our wide-scale marketing campaign that began during the first quarter of 2015 to generate brand awareness and site traffic for apartments.com.
comparison of business segment results for year ended december 31, 2015 and year ended december 31, 2014
we manage our business geographically in two operating segments, with our primary areas of measurement and decision-making being north america, which includes the u.s. and parts of canada, and international, which includes parts of the u.k., spain and france. management relies on an internal management reporting process that provides revenue and operating segment ebitda, which is our net income (loss) before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization. management believes that operating segment ebitda is an appropriate measure for evaluating the operational performance of our operating segments. ebitda is used by management to internally measure our operating and management performance and to evaluate the performance of our business. however, this measure should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for or superior to, income from operations or other measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with gaap.
segment revenues. north america revenues increased to $686.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, compared to $552.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. this increase in north america revenues was primarily due to increased revenue of approximately $83.8 million from apartment finder and apartments.com as well as the further penetration of our subscription-based services and successful cross-selling of our services to our customers in existing markets, combined with continued high renewal rates. international revenues increased to $25.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, compared to $23.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. this increase was primarily due to further penetration of our subscription-based information services resulting from sales of costar suite.
segment ebitda. north america ebitda decreased to $87.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, compared to $148.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. the decrease in north america ebitda was due primarily to our wide-scale marketing campaign that began during the first quarter of 2015 to generate brand awareness and site traffic for apartments.com. international ebitda increased to $2.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, compared to $2.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. this increase in international ebitda was primarily due to an increase in revenues. north america ebitda includes an allocation of approximately $954,000 and $1.1 million for the years ended 2015 and 2014, respectively. this allocation represents costs incurred for international employees involved in development activities of our north america operating segment. international ebitda includes a corporate allocation of approximately $256,000 and $261,000 for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. this corporate allocation represents costs incurred for north america employees involved in management and expansion activities of our international operating segment. see the "non-gaap financial measures" section included in this annual report on form 10-k for further details on the non-gaap financial measures.
revenues. revenues increased to $575.9 million in 2014, from $440.9 million in 2013. the $135.0 million increase was primarily attributable to increased revenue of approximately $76.8 million from our april 1, 2014 acquisition of apartments.com as well as the further penetration of our subscription-based information services and successful cross-selling of our services to our customers in existing markets, combined with continued high renewal rates.
gross margin. gross margin increased to $419.0 million in 2014, from $311.8 million in 2013. the gross margin percentage increased to 72.7% in 2014, from 70.7% in 2013. the increase in the gross margin amount and percentage was principally due to an increase in revenue partially offset by an increase in cost of revenues of $27.8 million primarily due to the additional cost of revenues from our april 1, 2014 acquisition of apartments.com.
selling and marketing expenses. selling and marketing expenses increased to $150.3 million in 2014, from $98.7 million in 2013, and increased as a percentage of revenues to 26.1% in 2014, from 22.4% in 2013. the increase in the amount and percentage of selling and marketing expenses was primarily due to the additional selling and marketing expenses from our april 1, 2014 acquisition of apartments.com.
software development expenses. software development expenses increased to $55.4 million in 2014, from $46.8 million in 2013, and decreased as a percentage of revenues to 9.6% in 2014, from 10.6% in 2013. the increase in the amount of software development expense was primarily due to the additional software development expenses from our april 1, 2014 acquisition of apartments.com.
general and administrative expenses. general and administrative expenses increased to $103.9 million in 2014, from $97.0 million in 2013, and decreased as a percentage of revenues to 18.0% in 2014 from 22.0% in 2013. the increase in the amount of general and administrative expenses was principally due to additional general and administrative expenses from our april 1, 2014 acquisition of apartments.com.
purchase amortization expense. purchase amortization expense increased to approximately $28.4 million in 2014, from $15.2 million in 2013, and increased as a percentage of revenue to 4.9% in 2014, compared to 3.4% in 2013. the increase in the amount and percentage of purchase amortization expense was due to additional purchase amortization expenses from our april 1, 2014 acquisition of apartments.com.
interest and other income. interest and other income increased to approximately $516,000 in 2014 compared to approximately $326,000 in 2013. the increase was primarily due to our higher cash and cash equivalent balance in 2014 resulting from the public equity offering completed in june 2014.
income tax expense, net. income tax expense, net increased to $26.0 million in 2014, from $17.8 million in 2013. this increase was primarily due to higher income before income taxes in 2014 as a result of our increased profitability.
comparison of business segment results for year ended december 31, 2014 and year ended december 31, 2013
segment revenues. north america revenues increased to $552.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, compared to $420.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. this increase in north america revenues was primarily due to increased revenues of approximately $76.8 million from our april 1, 2014 acquisition of apartments.com as well as further penetration of our subscription-based information services and successful cross-selling of our services to our customers in existing markets, combined with continued high renewal rates. international revenues increased to $23.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, compared to $20.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. this increase was primarily due to further penetration of our subscription-based information services resulting from sales of costar suite.
segment ebitda. north america ebitda increased to $148.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, compared to $97.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. the increase in north america ebitda was due primarily to an increase in revenues in 2014 compared to 2013. international ebitda increased to $2.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, compared to a loss of $3.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. this increase in international ebitda was primarily due to an increase in revenue and a decrease in operating expenses. north america ebitda includes an allocation of approximately $1.1 million and $800,000 for the years ended 2014 and 2013, respectively. this allocation represents costs incurred for international employees involved in development activities of our north america operating segment. international ebitda includes a corporate allocation of approximately $300,000 and $400,000 for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. this corporate allocation represents costs incurred for north america employees involved in management and expansion activities of our international operating segment. see the "non-gaap financial measures" section included in this annual report on form 10-k for further details on the non-gaap financial measures.
consolidated quarterly results of operations the following tables summarize our consolidated results of operations on a quarterly basis for the indicated periods (in thousands, except per share amounts, and as a percentage of total revenues):
income (loss) before income taxes            15,663                13,218                20,828                 21,204                 (5,556    )           (22,346    )           (2,752    )           33,235
income tax expense (benefit), net             5,923                 4,969                 7,871                  7,281                    571                 (7,380    )            2,610                10,245
income (loss) before income taxes    13.2               9.0              13.6              13.6              (3.5   )          (13.1   )          (1.4   )          17.2
income tax expense (benefit), net     5.0               3.4               5.1               4.7               0.4               (4.3   )           1.4               5.3
recent acquisitions apartments.com. on april 1, 2014, we purchased from cv certain assets and assumed certain liabilities, in each case, related to apartments.com, for $584.2 million in cash, after taking into account closing date net working capital adjustments.
apartment finder. on june 1, 2015, we acquired 100% of the outstanding stock of nci, including its apartment finder business, for $172.7 million in cash, after taking into account closing date net working capital adjustments.
accounting treatment. we have applied the acquisition method to account for the apartments.com and apartment finder transactions, which requires that, among other things, assets acquired and liabilities assumed be recorded at their fair values as of the acquisition date. the purchase price for each acquisition was allocated to trade names, customer base, database technology, building photography, goodwill and various other asset and liability accounts.
for apartments.com, the acquired customer base for the acquisition consists of one distinct intangible asset, is composed of acquired customer contracts and the related customer relationships, and has an estimated useful life of ten years. the acquired database technology had an estimated useful life of one year due to our intent to replace the acquired database technology, which we did in february of 2015. the acquired trade names and other intangible assets have a weighted average estimated useful life of thirteen years. the acquired building photography has an estimated useful life of three years. amortization of the acquired customer base is recognized on an accelerated basis related to the expected economic benefit of the intangible asset, while amortization of the acquired database technology, acquired building photography and acquired trade names and other intangible assets is recognized on a straight-line basis over their respective estimated useful lives. goodwill recorded in connection with this acquisition is not amortized, but is subject to annual impairment tests. the results of operations of apartments.com have been consolidated with those of the company since the date of the acquisition.
for apartment finder, the acquired customer base for the acquisition consisted of three distinct intangible assets, is composed of acquired customer contracts and the related customer relationships, and has a weighted average estimated useful life of ten years. the acquired database technology had an estimated useful life of five months due to our intent to replace the acquired database technology in 2015, which we did in december of 2015. the acquired trade names and other intangible assets have a weighted average estimated useful life of nine years. the acquired building photography had an estimated useful life of five months. amortization of the acquired customer base is recognized on an accelerated basis related to the expected economic benefit of the intangible asset, while amortization of the acquired database technology, acquired building photography and acquired trade names and other intangible assets is recognized on a straight-line basis over their respective estimated useful lives. goodwill recorded in connection with this acquisition is not amortized, but is subject to annual impairment tests. the results of operations of apartment finder have been consolidated with those of the company since the date of the acquisition.
see note 3 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on form 10-k for further details on the acquisitions of apartments.com and apartment finder.
liquidity and capital resources our principal sources of liquidity are cash, cash equivalents and debt from our term loan and revolving credit facility. total cash and cash equivalents were $421.8 million at december 31, 2015 compared to cash and cash equivalents of $527.0 million at december 31, 2014. the decrease in cash and cash equivalents for the year ended december 31, 2015 was primarily due to net cash paid of $182.3 million for the acquisitions of apartment finder, the assets of belbex corporate, s.l., and certain assets related to the business operations of apartment finder's independent distributors.
changes in cash and cash equivalents are dependent upon changes in, among other things, working capital items such as accounts receivable, accounts payable, various accrued expenses and deferred revenues, as well as changes in our capital structure due to stock option exercises and similar events.
net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended december 31, 2015 was $131.2 million compared to $143.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. the $12.7 million decrease in net cash provided by operating activities is primarily due to a decrease of approximately $15.7 million from net income plus non-cash items, partially offset by a net increase of approximately $3.0 million in changes in operating assets and liabilities due to differences in timing of collection of receipts and payments of disbursements.
net cash used in investing activities for the year ended december 31, 2015 was $215.5 million compared to $606.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. this $390.5 million decrease in net cash used in investing activities in 2015 was primarily due to $584.2 million of cash used for the acquisition of apartments.com on april 1, 2014, partially offset by $182.3 million of cash used for the acquisitions of apartment finder, the assets of belbex corporate, s.l., and certain assets related to the business operations of apartment finder's independent distributors during 2015.
net cash used in financing activities was $20.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, compared to net cash provided by financing activities of $733.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. this $754.0 million change was primarily due to proceeds of $550.0 million received under the term loan facility and revolving credit facility on april 1, 2014 and the $529.4 million in net proceeds from our public equity offering in june 2014, less the $148.8 million repayment of the term loan facility and revolving credit facility established under a credit agreement dated february 16, 2012 (the "2012 credit agreement"), $150.0 million repayment of the revolving credit facility associated with the credit agreement by and among costar, as borrower, costar realty information, inc., as co-borrower, the lenders from time to time party thereto and jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., as administrative agent (the "2014 credit agreement") and the $10.0 million payment of debt issuance costs associated with the 2014 credit agreement which did not occur during 2015.
contractual obligations. the following table summarizes our principal contractual obligations at december 31, 2015 and the effect such obligations are expected to have on our liquidity and cash flows in future periods (in thousands):
(1)long-term debt obligations include scheduled principal payments and exclude interest payments, which are based on a variable rate of interest as defined in the credit agreement.
(2)amounts do not include (i) contracts with terms of twelve months or less, or (ii) multi-year contracts that may be terminated by a third-party or us. amounts do not include unrecognized tax benefits of $6.7 million due to uncertainty regarding the timing of future cash payments.
our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including, among others, our operating results, expansion and integration efforts, and our level of acquisition activity or other strategic transactions.
during 2015, we incurred capital expenditures of approximately $35.1 million. we expect to make aggregate capital expenditures in 2016 of approximately $30.0 million to $35.0 million, primarily related to the build out of leased office space and investments in technology.
in conjunction with the launch of the improved apartments.com website, we embarked on a wide-scale marketing campaign in 2015 to generate brand awareness and site traffic for apartments.com. we expect to continue to invest in sales and marketing, including sales and marketing for apartments.com and our other brands as we seek to grow the number of our subscribers and advertisers.
to date, we have grown in part by acquiring other companies and we may continue to make acquisitions. our acquisitions may vary in size and could be material to our current operations. we may use cash, stock, debt or other means of funding to make these acquisitions.
in consideration for the purchase of apartment finder, on june 1, 2015, we paid $172.7 million in cash, including an estimated $2.7 million in connection with a preliminary net working capital adjustment as of the closing date. pursuant to the terms of the agreement and plan of merger, the purchase price was increased by approximately $21,000 following the final determination of the net working capital of nci as of the closing date, and this amount was paid to nci in the third quarter of 2015.
on april 1, 2014, we purchased apartments.com from cv for a purchase price of $587.1 million, which was later reduced by approximately $2.9 million following the final determination of the net working capital of apartments.com as of the closing date. on the closing date, we entered into the 2014 credit agreement. we funded the purchase price for apartments.com at closing through a combination of cash on hand and the proceeds of the term loan facility and the initial borrowing under the revolving credit facility under the 2014 credit agreement. the 2014 credit agreement provides for a $400.0 million term loan facility and a $225.0 million revolving credit facility, each with a term of five years. the proceeds of the term loan facility and the initial borrowing of $150.0 million under the revolving credit facility on the closing date were also used to refinance the term loan facility and revolving credit facility established under the 2012 credit agreement, including related fees and expenses. the undrawn proceeds of the revolving credit facility are available for our working capital needs and other general corporate purposes. as of december 31, 2015, maturities of our borrowings under the 2014 credit agreement for each of the next four years ended december 31, 2016 to 2019, are expected to be $20.0 million, $35.0 million, $55.0 million and $255.0 million, respectively. during june 2014, we repaid the $150.0 million initial borrowing under the revolving credit facility.
the revolving credit facility includes a subfacility for swingline loans of up to $10.0 million, and up to $10.0 million of the revolving credit facility is available for the issuance of letters of credit. the term loan facility will amortize in quarterly installments in amounts resulting in an annual amortization of 5% during each of the first, second and third years, 10% during the fourth year and 15% during the fifth year after the closing date, with the remainder payable at final maturity. the loans under the 2014 credit agreement bear interest, at our option, either (i) during any interest period selected by us, at the london interbank offered rate for deposits in u.s. dollars with a maturity comparable to such interest period, adjusted for statutory reserves ("libor"), plus an initial spread of 2.00% per annum, subject to adjustment based on our first lien secured leverage ratio (as defined in the 2014 credit agreement), or (ii) at the greatest of (x) the prime rate from time to time announced by jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., (y) the federal funds effective rate plus 0.50% and (z) libor for a one-month interest period plus 1.00%, plus an initial spread of 1.00% per annum, subject to adjustment based on our first lien secured leverage ratio. if an event of default occurs under the 2014 credit agreement, the interest rate on overdue amounts will increase by 2.00% per annum. the obligations under the 2014 credit agreement are guaranteed by all of our material subsidiaries and are secured by a lien on substantially all of our assets and those of our material subsidiaries, in each case subject to certain exceptions, pursuant to security and guarantee documents entered into on the closing date.
the 2014 credit agreement requires us to maintain (i) a first lien secured leverage ratio (as defined in the 2014 credit agreement) not exceeding 4.00 to 1.00 during each full fiscal quarter after the closing date through the three months ended march 31, 2016, and 3.50 to 1.00 thereafter and (ii) after the incurrence of additional indebtedness under certain specified exceptions in the 2014 credit agreement, a total leverage ratio (as defined in the 2014 credit agreement) not exceeding 5.00 to 1.00 during each full fiscal quarter after the closing date through the three months ended march 31, 2016, and 4.50 to 1.00 thereafter. the 2014 credit agreement also includes other covenants, including covenants that, subject to certain exceptions, restrict our ability to (i) incur additional indebtedness, (ii) create, incur, assume or permit to exist any liens, (iii) enter into mergers, consolidations or similar transactions, (iv) make investments and acquisitions, (v) make certain dispositions of assets, (vi) make dividends, distributions and prepayments of certain indebtedness, and (vii) enter into certain transactions with affiliates. we were in compliance with the covenants in the 2014 credit agreement as of december 31, 2015.
in connection with obtaining the term loan facility and revolving credit facility pursuant to the 2014 credit agreement, we incurred approximately $10.1 million in debt issuance costs as of april 1, 2014. the debt issuance costs were comprised of approximately $9.7 million in underwriting fees and approximately $400,000 primarily related to legal fees associated with the debt issuance. approximately $10.0 million of the fees associated with the refinancing, along with the unamortized debt issuance cost from the 2012 credit agreement, were capitalized and are amortized as interest expense over the term of the 2014 credit agreement using the effective interest method.
as of december 31, 2014 and 2015, no amounts were outstanding under our revolving credit facilities. total interest expense for our term loan facilities and revolving credit facilities was approximately $6.9 million, $10.5 million and $9.4 million for the years ended december 31, 2013, 2014 and 2015, respectively. interest expense included amortized debt issuance costs of approximately $3.0 million, $3.3 million and $3.3 million for the years ended december 31, 2013, 2014 and 2015, respectively. total interest paid for the term loan facilities was approximately $4.3 million, $7.0 million and $6.1 million for the years ended december 31, 2013, 2014 and 2015, respectively.
in 2012, we granted a total of 399,413 shares pursuant to performance-based restricted common stock awards with a forfeiture date of march 31, 2017. upon vesting of these awards during the first quarter of 2014, consistent with minimum tax withholding requirements, a portion of the shares subject to the awards were remitted by the employees for payment of their individual income tax obligations. the shares remitted were canceled and we made a cash tax payment equivalent to the fair market value of the canceled shares of approximately $31.9 million during the three months ended march 31, 2014.
based on current plans, we believe that our available cash combined with positive cash flow provided by operating activities should be sufficient to fund our operations for at least the next 12 months.
as of december 31, 2015, we had $16.8 million par value of long-term investments in student loan ars, which failed to settle at auctions. the majority of these investments are of high credit quality with aaa credit ratings and are primarily securities supported by guarantees from the ffelp of the u.s. department of education. while we continue to earn interest on these investments, the investments are not liquid in the short-term. in the event we need to immediately access these funds, we may have to sell these securities at an amount below par value. based on our ability to access our cash and cash equivalents and our expected operating cash flows, we do not anticipate having to sell these investments below par value in order to operate our business in the foreseeable future.
recent accounting pronouncements in may 2014, the fasb and international accounting standards board ("iasb") jointly issued a new revenue recognition standard that is designed to improve financial reporting by creating common recognition guidance for u.s. gaap and international financial reporting standards ("ifrs"). this guidance provides a more robust framework for addressing revenue issues, improves the comparability of revenue recognition practices across industries, provides more useful information to users of financial statements through improved disclosure requirements and simplifies the presentation of financial statements. the core principle of the guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. this guidance permits the use of either a full retrospective method or a modified retrospective approach. the modified retrospective approach would be applied only to the most current period presented along with a cumulative-effect adjustment at the date of adoption. the original effective date of the new standard was for annual reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2016, including interim periods within that reporting period. in august 2015, the fasb issued an accounting standards update that defers by one year the effective date of this new revenue recognition standard. as a result, the new standard will be effective for annual reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2017, although companies may adopt the standard as early as the original effective date. early application prior to the original effective date is not permitted. we have not yet determined when we will adopt the standard or selected a transition method and are currently evaluating the impact this guidance will have on our financial statements.
in april 2015, the fasb issued authoritative guidance to simplify the presentation of debt issuance costs. this guidance requires a company to present debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. the recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs are not affected by this guidance. in august 2015, the fasb issued an accounting standards update to address the presentation and subsequent measurement of debt issuance costs related to line-of-credit arrangements. the guidance allows an entity to present debt issuance costs related to a line-of-credit arrangement as an asset and subsequently amortize the deferred debt issuance costs ratably over the term of the line-of-credit arrangement, regardless of whether there are any outstanding borrowings under the line-of-credit arrangement. the april 2015 guidance and the august 2015 guidance are effective on a retrospective basis for annual reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2015, including interim periods within that reporting period. early application is permitted. we have elected to early adopt this guidance on a retrospective basis. this guidance did not have a material impact on the company's results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2013, 2014 and 2015, but it did require changes to the presentation of the 2014 and 2015 consolidated balance sheets and the notes to the consolidated financial statements. we capitalized debt issuance costs, net of amortization, of approximately $13.2 million and $9.9 million as of december 31, 2014 and december 31, 2015, respectively. these amounts are reflected in the consolidated balance sheets as a direct deduction from a combination of the current and long-term portion of debt, rather than as an asset, in accordance with the authoritative guidance. see note 9 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on form 10-k for further details on the presentation of debt issuance costs.
in november 2015, the fasb issued authoritative guidance to simplify the presentation of deferred income taxes. this guidance requires a company to present deferred income tax assets and liabilities as non-current in the balance sheet. the guidance requiring a tax-paying component of a company to offset deferred tax liabilities and assets and present the deferred taxes as a single amount is not affected by this guidance. this guidance is effective on either a prospective or retrospective basis for annual reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2016, including interim periods within that reporting period. early application is permitted. we have elected to early adopt this guidance on a prospective basis and as a result, prior periods were not retrospectively adjusted. this guidance did not have a material impact on our results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2015.