item 1a. risk factors our business is subject to various industry, economic, regulatory and other risks and uncertainties. our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects could be materially adversely affected by any one or more of the following risk factors and by additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial:
the pbm industry has been experiencing margin pressure as a result of competitive pressures and increased client demands for lower prices, enhanced service offerings and/or higher service levels. in that regard, we maintain contractual relationships with generic pharmaceutical manufacturers and brand name pharmaceutical manufacturers that provide for purchase discounts and/or rebates on drugs dispensed by pharmacies in our retail network and by our mail order pharmacies (all or a portion of which may be passed on to clients). manufacturer rebates often depend on a pbm's ability to meet contractual market share or other requirements, including in some cases the placement of a manufacturer's products on the pbm's formularies. if we lose our relationship with one or more pharmaceutical manufacturers, or if the discounts or rebates provided by pharmaceutical manufacturers decline, our business and financial results could be adversely affected. further, competitive pressures in the pbm industry have resulted in our clients sharing in a larger portion of rebates and/or discounts received from pharmaceutical manufacturers. market dynamics and regulatory changes have impacted our ability to offer plan sponsors pricing that includes the use of retail "differential" or "spread", which could negatively impact our future profitability. further, changes in existing federal or state laws or regulations or the adoption of new laws or regulations relating to patent term extensions, purchase discount and rebate arrangements with pharmaceutical manufacturers, or to formulary management or other pbm services could also reduce the discounts or rebates we receive. in addition, changes in federal or state laws or regulations or the adoption of new laws or regulations relating to claims processing and billing, including our ability to collect transmission fees, could adversely impact our profitability.
both our retail pharmacy and ltc pharmacy businesses have also been affected by the margin pressures described above, including client demands for lower prices, generic pricing and network reimbursement pressure. in addition, as competition increases in the markets in which we operate, a significant increase in general pricing pressures could occur, and this could require us to reevaluate our pricing structures to remain competitive. finally, the margins of our ltc business are further affected by the increased efforts of health care payors to negotiate reduced or capitated pricing arrangements. these actions could also adversely affect the margins of our ltc business.
the continued efforts of health maintenance organizations, managed care organizations, pbms, government entities, and other third party payors to reduce prescription drug costs and pharmacy reimbursement rates may impact our profitability. in particular, increased utilization of generic pharmaceuticals (which normally yield a higher gross profit rate than equivalent brand named drugs) has resulted in pressure to decrease reimbursement payments to retail, ltc and mail order pharmacies for generic drugs, causing a reduction in the generic profit rate. historically, the effect of this trend on generic profitability has been mitigated by our efforts to negotiate reduced acquisition costs of generic pharmaceuticals with manufacturers. however, in recent years, there has been significant consolidation within the generic manufacturing industry, and it is possible that this and other external factors may enhance the ability of manufacturers to sustain or increase pricing of generic pharmaceuticals and diminish our ability to negotiate reduced acquisition costs. any inability to offset increased costs or to modify our activities to lessen the impact could have a significant adverse effect on our results of operations.
in addition, during the past several years, the united states health care industry has been subject to an increase in governmental regulation and audits at both the federal and state levels. efforts to control health care costs, including prescription drug costs, are continuing at the federal and state government levels. changing political, economic and regulatory influences may significantly affect health care financing and reimbursement practices. for example, we anticipate that federal and state governments will continue to review and assess alternative health care delivery systems, payment methodologies and operational requirements for health care providers, including ltc facilities and pharmacies. a change in the composition of pharmacy prescription volume toward programs offering lower reimbursement rates could negatively impact our profitability.
aca made several significant changes to medicaid rebates and to reimbursement. one of these changes was to revise the definition of the average manufacturer price, a pricing element common to most payment formulas, and the reimbursement
formula for multi-source (i.e., generic) drugs. this change will affect our reimbursement. in addition, aca made other changes that affect the coverage and plan designs that are or will be provided by many of our health plan clients, including the requirement for health insurers to meet a minimum medical loss ratio to avoid having to pay rebates to enrollees. these aca changes may not affect our business directly, but they could indirectly impact our services and/or business practices.
a highly competitive business environment.
each of our retail pharmacy business, ltc pharmacy business, retail health clinic business and pharmacy services business currently operates in a highly competitive and evolving health care environment.
the competitive success of our retail pharmacy business is impacted by its ability to establish and maintain contractual relationships with pbms and other payors on acceptable terms. as a pharmacy retail business, we compete with other drugstore chains, supermarkets, on-line and other discount retailers, independent pharmacies, membership clubs, internet companies, convenience stores and mass merchants, many of which are expanding into markets we serve. we also face competition from other retail health clinics, as well as other mail order pharmacies and pbms. competition may also come from other sources in the future.
the competitive success of our ltc pharmacy business is dependent upon our ability to compete in each geographic region where we have operations. in the geographic regions we serve, we compete with pharmerica corporation, our largest competitor, as well as with numerous local and regional institutional pharmacies, pharmacies owned by ltc facilities and local retail pharmacies.
the competitive success of our pharmacy services business is impacted by its ability to establish and maintain contractual relationships with network pharmacies in an environment where some pbm clients are considering adopting narrow or restricted retail pharmacy networks. competitors in the pbm industry (e.g., express scripts, optumrx, catamaran, prime therapeutics, medimpact and humana), include large, national pbm companies, pbms owned by large national health plans and smaller standalone pbms. competition may also come from other sources in the future. in addition, changes in the overall composition of our pharmacy networks, or reduced pharmacy access under our networks, could adversely affect our claims volume and/or our competitiveness generally.
competitors in each of our business areas may offer services and pricing terms that we may not be willing or able to offer. unless we can demonstrate enhanced value to our clients through innovative product and service offerings, particularly in a rapidly changing health care industry, we may be unable to remain competitive.
risks related to compliance with a broad and complex regulatory framework.
our business is subject to numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations. see "business - government regulation." in addition, during the past several years, the united states health care industry has been subject to an increase in governmental regulation and enforcement activity at both the federal and state levels. changes in these regulations may require extensive system and operating changes that may be difficult to implement. untimely compliance or noncompliance with applicable laws and regulations could adversely affect the continued operation of our business, including, but not limited to: imposition of civil or criminal penalties; suspension or disgorgement of payments from government programs; loss of required government certifications or approvals; loss of authorizations to participate in or exclusion from government reimbursement programs, such as the medicare and medicaid programs; or loss of registrations or licensure. the regulations to which we are subject include, but are not limited to: the laws and regulations described in the government regulation section; accounting standards; securities laws and regulations; tax laws and regulations; laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment and health and safety matters, including those governing exposure to, and the management and disposal of, hazardous materials and wastes; and laws and regulations of the ftc, the fcc, and the consumer product safety commission, as well as state regulatory authorities, governing the sale, advertisement and promotion of products that we sell, such as boards of pharmacy. the fda, dea and various states regulate the distribution of pharmaceuticals and controlled substances. we are required to hold valid dea and state-level registrations and licenses, meet various security and operating standards and comply with the controlled substances act and its accompanying regulations governing the sale, marketing, packaging, holding and distribution of controlled substances. the dea, fda and state regulatory authorities have broad enforcement powers, including the ability to suspend our registrations and licenses, seize or recall products and impose significant criminal, civil and administrative sanctions for violations of these laws and regulations. in addition, our business interests outside of the united states are subject to the foreign corrupt practices act and other applicable domestic and international laws and regulations. we are also subject to the terms of various government agreements and mandates, including those described in the government regulation section. in that regard, our business, financial position and results of operations could be adversely affected by existing and new
government legislative, regulatory action and enforcement activity, including, without limitation, any one or more of the following:
•   rules and regulations issued pursuant to hipaa and the hitech act; and other federal and state laws affecting the collection, use, disclosure and transmission of health or other personal information, such as federal laws on information privacy precipitated by concerns about information collection through the internet, state security breach laws and state laws limiting the use and disclosure of prescriber information;
•   government regulation of the development, administration, review and updating of formularies and drug lists including requirements and/or limitations around formulary tiering and patient cost sharing;
•   impact of network access legislation or regulations, including "any willing provider" laws, on our ability to manage pharmacy networks;
•   medicare and medicaid regulations applicable to our ltc pharmacies and those of our client's facilities;
•   government regulation allowing the importation of prescription drugs from canada and elsewhere into the united states; and
our business is affected by the economy in general, including changes in consumer purchasing power, preferences and/or spending patterns. it is possible that a worsening of the economic environment will cause a decline in drug utilization, and dampen demand for pharmacy benefit management services as well as consumer demand for products sold in our retail stores. further economic conditions including, interest rate fluctuations, changes in capital market conditions and regulatory changes may affect our ability to obtain necessary financing on acceptable terms, our ability to secure suitable store locations under acceptable terms and our ability to execute sale-leaseback transactions under acceptable terms. these changes in conditions could result in an adverse effect on our business and financial results.
the possibility of client losses and/or the failure to win new business.
our pbm business generates net revenues primarily by contracting with clients to provide prescription drugs and related health care services to plan members. pbm client contracts often have terms of approximately three years in duration, so approximately one third of a pbm's client base typically is subject to renewal each year. in some cases, however, pbm clients may negotiate a shorter or longer contract term or may require early or periodic renegotiation of pricing prior to expiration of a contract. in addition, the reputational impact of a service-related incident could negatively affect our ability to grow and retain our client base. further, the pbm industry has been affected by consolidation activity that may continue in the future. in the event one or more of our pbm clients is acquired by an entity that is not also our client, we may be unable to retain all or a portion of the acquired business. these circumstances, either individually or in the aggregate, could result in an adverse effect on our business and financial results. therefore, we continually face challenges in competing for new pbm business and
additionally, with respect to our ltc pharmacy business, reimbursement under medicare part d, as well as reimbursement from certain private third-party payors, is determined pursuant to agreements that we negotiate with those payors or their pharmacy benefit manager representatives. likewise, reimbursement from skilled nursing facilities for prescriptions we dispense is determined pursuant to our agreements with those skilled nursing facilities. the termination of these agreements generally causes our ability to provide services to any of the residents of that facility to cease, resulting in the loss of revenue from any source for those residents.
the profitability of our business is dependent upon the utilization of prescription drug products. utilization trends are affected by, among other factors, the introduction of new and successful prescription pharmaceuticals as well as lower-priced generic alternatives to existing brand name products. accordingly, our business could be impacted by a slowdown in the introduction of new and successful prescription pharmaceuticals and/or generic alternatives (the sale of which normally yield higher gross profit margins than brand name equivalents).
the failure or disruption of our information technology systems, our information security systems and our infrastructure to support our business and to protect the privacy and security of sensitive customer and business information.
many aspects of our operations are dependent on our information systems and the information collected, processed, stored, and handled by these systems. we rely heavily on our computer systems to manage our ordering, pricing, point-of-sale, pharmacy fulfillment, inventory replenishment, claims processing, extracare customer loyalty program, finance, human resource and other processes. throughout our operations, we receive, retain and transmit certain confidential information, including pii that our customers and clients provide to purchase products or services, enroll in programs or services, register on our websites, interact with our personnel, or otherwise communicate with us. in addition, for these operations, we depend in part on the secure transmission of confidential information over public networks. our information systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches including credit card information breaches, vandalism, catastrophic events and human error. although we deploy a layered approach to address information security threats and vulnerabilities, including ones from a cybersecurity standpoint, designed to protect confidential information against data security breaches, a compromise of our information security controls or of those businesses with whom we interact, which results in confidential information being accessed, obtained, damaged, or used by unauthorized or improper persons, could harm our reputation and expose us to regulatory actions and claims from customers and clients, financial institutions, payment card associations and other persons, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial position, and results of operations. moreover, a data security breach could require that we expend significant resources related to our information systems and infrastructure, and could distract management and other key personnel from performing their primary operational duties.
if our information systems are damaged, fail to work properly or otherwise become unavailable, or if we are unable to successfully complete our planned consolidation of our pbm claims adjudication platforms, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them, and may experience reputational damage, loss of critical information, customer disruption and interruptions or delays in our ability to perform essential functions and implement new and innovative services. in addition, compliance with changes in privacy and information security laws and standards may result in considerable expense due to increased investment in technology and the development of new operational processes.
risks relating to the market availability, suppliers and safety profiles of prescription drugs that we purchase and sell.
we dispense significant volumes of brand-name and generic drugs from our retail, ltc and mail-order pharmacies and through our pbm's network of retail pharmacies. when increased safety risk profiles or manufacturing or other supply issues of specific drugs or classes of drugs occur, or drugs become subject to greater restrictions as controlled substances, physicians may cease writing prescriptions for these drugs or the utilization of these drugs may be otherwise reduced.
additionally, adverse publicity regarding drugs with higher safety risk profiles may result in reduced consumer demand for such drugs. on occasion, products are withdrawn by their manufacturers or transition to over-the-counter products, which can result in lower prescription utilization. in addition, future fda rulings could restrict the supply or increase the cost of products sold to our customers. our volumes, net revenues, profitability and cash flows may decline as a result of such regulatory rulings or market changes.
further, we acquire a substantial amount of our mail and specialty pharmacies' prescription drug supply from a limited number of suppliers. our agreements with these suppliers are often short-term and easily cancelable by either party without cause. in addition, these agreements may limit our ability to provide services for competing drugs during the term of the agreement and may allow the supplier to distribute through channels other than ours. certain of these agreements also allow pricing and other terms to be adjusted periodically for changing market conditions or required service levels. a termination or modification to any of these relationships could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. moreover, many products distributed by our specialty pharmacy business are manufactured with ingredients that are susceptible to supply shortages. in the event any products we distribute are in limited supply for significant periods of time, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
medicare part d has resulted in increased utilization and puts pressure on pharmacy gross margin rates due to regulatory and competitive pressures. further, as a result of aca and changes to the retiree drug subsidy rules, our pbm clients could decide to discontinue providing prescription drug benefits to their medicare-eligible members. to the extent this occurs, the adverse effects of increasing customer migration into medicare part d may outweigh the benefits we realize from growth of our medicare part d business. in addition, if the cost and complexity of medicare part d exceed management's expectations or prevent effective program implementation or administration; if changes to the regulations regarding how drug costs are reported for medicare part d are implemented in a manner that impacts the profitability of our medicare part d business; if changes to the regulations impact our ability to retain fees from third parties including network pharmacies; if the government alters medicare program requirements or reduces funding because of the higher-than-anticipated cost to taxpayers of medicare part d or for other reasons; if we fail to design and maintain programs that are attractive to medicare participants; if cms imposes restrictions on our medicare part d business as a result of audits or other regulatory actions; if we fail to successfully implement corrective action or other remedial measures sufficient to prevent or remove any applicable restrictions that may be imposed by cms; or if we are not successful in retaining enrollees, or winning contract renewals or new contracts under medicare part d's competitive bidding process, our medicare part d services and the ability to expand our medicare part d services could be negatively impacted.
reform of the united states health care system.
congressional efforts to reform the united states health care system came to fruition in 2010 with the passage of aca, which resulted in significant structural changes to the health insurance system. see "business - government regulation".
although many of the changes enacted by aca have been implemented, some significant provisions have not yet been finalized (e.g., nondiscrimination in health programs and activities, excise tax on high-cost employer-sponsored health coverage). therefore, uncertainty remains as to the full impact of aca on our business. while these provisions may not affect our business directly, they affect the coverage and plan designs that are or will be provided by many of our health plan clients. as a result, they could indirectly impact our services and business practices. we cannot predict the effect, if any, the remaining aca changes may have on our retail pharmacy, ltc pharmacy and pharmacy services businesses, and it is possible that other unanticipated legislative or market-driven changes in the health care system could also occur.
it is possible that the pharmaceutical industry or regulators may evaluate and/or develop an alternative pricing reference to replace average wholesale price ("awp") or wholesale acquisition cost ("wac"), which are the pricing references used for many of our pbm and ltc client contracts, pharmaceutical purchase agreements, retail network contracts, specialty payor agreements and other contracts with third party payors in connection with the reimbursement of drug payments. future changes to the use of awp, wac or to other published pricing benchmarks used to establish pharmaceutical pricing, including changes in the basis for calculating reimbursement by federal and state health programs and/or other payors, could impact the reimbursement we receive from medicare and medicaid programs, the reimbursement we receive from pbm clients and other payors and/or our ability to negotiate rebates and/or discounts with pharmaceutical manufacturers, wholesalers, pbms and retail pharmacies. additionally, any future changes in drug prices could be significantly different than our projections. the effect of these possible changes on our business cannot be predicted at this time.
product liability, product recall or personal injury issues could damage our reputation; failure to maintain adequate liability insurance coverage.
the products that we sell could become subject to contamination, product tampering, mislabeling, recall or other damage. in addition, errors in the dispensing and packaging of pharmaceuticals could lead to serious injury or death. product liability or
personal injury claims may be asserted against us with respect to any of the products or pharmaceuticals we sell or services we provide. our business involves the provision of professional services including by pharmacists, nurses and nurse practitioners that exposes us to professional liability claims. should a product or other liability issue arise, the coverage limits under our insurance programs and the indemnification amounts available to us may not be adequate to protect us against claims. we also may not be able to maintain this insurance on acceptable terms in the future. damage to our reputation in the event of a product liability or personal injury issue or judgment against us or a product recall could have a significant adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
relationship with our retail and specialty pharmacy customers and the demand for our products and services, including propriety brands.
the success of our business depends in part on customer loyalty, superior customer service and our ability to persuade customers to purchase products in additional categories and our proprietary brands. failure to timely identify or effectively respond to changing consumer preferences and spending patterns, an inability to expand the products being purchased by our clients and customers, or the failure or inability to obtain or offer particular categories of products could negatively affect our relationship with our clients and customers and the demand for our products and services.
we offer our retail customers proprietary brand products that are available exclusively at our retail stores and through our online retail sites. the sale of proprietary products subjects us to unique risks including potential product liability risks and mandatory or voluntary product recalls, our ability to successfully protect our intellectual property rights and the rights of applicable third parties, and other risks generally encountered by entities that source, market and sell private-label products. any failure to adequately address some or all of these risks could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. additionally, an increase in the sales of our proprietary brands may negatively affect our sales of products owned by our suppliers which, consequently, could adversely impact certain of our supplier relationships. our ability to locate qualified, economically stable suppliers who satisfy our requirements, and to acquire sufficient products in a timely and effective manner, is critical to ensuring, among other things, that customer confidence is not diminished. any failure to develop sourcing relationships with a broad and deep supplier base could adversely affect our financial performance and erode customer loyalty.
moreover, customer expectations and new technology advances from our competitors have required that our business evolve so that we are able to interface with our retail customers not only face-to-face in our stores but also online and via mobile and social media. our customers are using computers, tablets, mobile phones and other electronic devices to shop in our stores and online, as well as to provide public reactions concerning each facet of our operation. if we fail to keep pace with dynamic customer expectations and new technology developments, our ability to compete and maintain customer loyalty could be adversely affected.
finally, our specialty pharmacy business focuses on complex and high-cost medications that serve a relatively limited universe of patients. as a result, the future growth of our specialty pharmacy business is dependent largely upon expanding our base of drugs or penetration in certain treatment categories. any contraction of our base of patients or reduction in demand for the prescriptions we currently dispense could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we are subject to payment-related risks that could increase our operating costs, expose us to fraud or theft, subject us to potential liability and disrupt our business operations.
we accept payments using a variety of methods, including cash, checks, credit cards, debit cards, gift cards and potentially other technologies in the future. acceptance of these payment methods subjects us to rules, regulations, contractual obligations and compliance requirements, including payment network rules and operating guidelines, data security standards and certification requirements, and rules governing electronic funds transfers. these requirements may change in the future, which could make compliance more difficult or costly. for certain payment options, including credit and debit cards, we pay interchange and other fees, which could increase periodically thereby raising our operating costs. we rely on third parties to provide payment processing services, including the processing of credit cards, debit cards, and various other forms of electronic payment. if these companies are unable to provide these services to us, or if their systems are compromised, our operations could be disrupted. the payment methods that we offer also expose us to potential fraud and theft by persons seeking to obtain unauthorized access to, or exploit any weaknesses in, the payment systems. if we fail to abide by applicable rules or requirements, or if data relating to our payment systems is compromised due to a breach or misuse, we may be responsible for any costs incurred by payment card issuing banks and other third parties or subject to fines and higher transaction fees. in addition, our reputation and ability to accept certain types of payments could each be harmed resulting in reduced sales and adverse effects on our results of operations.
upon the closing of any acquisition we complete, we will need to successfully integrate the products, services and related assets into our business operations. if an acquisition is consummated, the integration of the acquired business, its products, services and related assets into our company may also be complex and time-consuming and, if the integration is not fully successful, we may not achieve the anticipated benefits, operating and cost synergies or growth opportunities of an acquisition. potential difficulties that may be encountered in the integration process include the following:
•   integrating personnel, operations and systems, while maintaining focus on producing and delivering consistent, high quality products and services;
•   managing inefficiencies associated with integrating our operations.
an inability to realize the full extent of the anticipated benefits, operating and cost synergies or growth opportunities of an acquisition, as well as any delays encountered in the integration process, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operation, which may affect the value of the shares of our common stock after the completion of an acquisition. furthermore, these acquisitions, even if successfully integrated, may fail to further our business strategy as anticipated, expose us to increased competition or challenges with respect to our products, services or geographic markets, and expose us to additional liabilities associated with an acquired business including risks and liabilities associated with litigation involving the acquired business. any one of these challenges or risks could impair our ability to realize any benefit from our acquisitions after we have expended resources on them.
our outstanding debt and associated payment obligations could, among other things, limit our ability to make incremental investments in our business.
our current debt service costs associated with our increased debt levels may dampen incremental investments in our business and limit our flexibility to respond to industry changes and market conditions. in addition, our debt level and related debt service obligations could make it more difficult or expensive for us to obtain any required future financing for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other purposes. these circumstances could have a material adverse effect on our business operations and financial condition.
risks related to the seasonality of our business.
although the majority of our revenues, particularly pharmacy revenues, are generally not seasonal in nature, front store revenues tend to be higher during the december holiday season. uncharacteristic or extreme weather conditions can adversely impact consumer shopping patterns as well. this could lead to lost sales, as well as increased snow removal and other costs, thereby negatively affecting our short-term results of operations. in addition, both pharmacy and front store revenues are affected by the timing and severity of the cough, cold and flu season, which is susceptible to large fluctuations from year to year.
risks related to litigation and other legal proceedings.
pharmacy services, retail pharmacy and ltc pharmacy are highly regulated and litigious industries. we are currently subject to various litigation matters, investigations, audits, inspections, government inquiries, and regulatory and legal proceedings. litigation, and particularly securities and collective or class action litigation, is often expensive and disruptive. further, under the qui tam or "whistleblower" provisions of the federal and various state false claims acts, private citizens may bring lawsuits alleging that a violation of the federal anti-kickback statute or similar laws has resulted in the submission of "false" claims to federal and/or state health care programs, including medicare and medicaid. we cannot predict the outcome of any of these matters, and the costs incurred may be substantial regardless of outcome. our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected, or we may be required to materially change our business practices, as a result of such proceedings. we refer you to item 3, "legal proceedings" for additional information.
the foregoing is not a comprehensive listing of all possible risks and there can be no assurance that we have correctly identified and appropriately assessed all factors affecting the business. as such, we refer you to "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations," which includes our "cautionary statement concerning forward-looking statements" at the end of such section, of our annual report to stockholders for the year ended december 31, 2015, which section is incorporated by reference herein.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations we refer you to "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations," which includes our "cautionary statement concerning forward-looking statements" at the end of such section of our annual report to stockholders for the year ended december 31, 2015, which section is incorporated by reference herein.