item 1a. risk factors there are various risks associated with the operations of the registrants' utility businesses and dte energy's non-utility businesses. to provide a framework to understand the operating environment of the registrants, below is a brief explanation of the more significant risks associated with their businesses. although the registrants have tried to identify and discuss key risk factors, others could emerge in the future. each of the following risks could affect performance.
the registrants are subject to rate regulation.  electric and gas rates for the utilities are set by the mpsc and the ferc and cannot be changed without regulatory authorization. the registrants may be negatively impacted by new regulations or interpretations by the mpsc, the ferc, or other regulatory bodies. the registrants' ability to recover costs may be impacted by the time lag between the incurrence of costs and the recovery of the costs in customers' rates. regulators also may decide to disallow recovery of certain costs in customers' rates if they determine that those costs do not meet the standards for recovery under current governing laws and regulations. the registrants' utilities typically self-implement base rate changes six months after rate case filings, in accordance with michigan law. however, if the final rates authorized by regulators in the final rate order are lower than the amounts the registrants collected during the self-implementation period, the registrants must refund the difference with interest. regulators may also disagree with the registrants' rate calculations under the various mechanisms that are intended to mitigate the risk to their utilities related to certain aspects of the business. if the registrants cannot agree with regulators on an appropriate reconciliation of those mechanisms, it may impact the registrants' ability to recover certain costs through customer rates. regulators may also decide to eliminate these mechanisms in future rate cases, which may make it more difficult for the registrants to recover their costs in the rates charged to customers. the registrants cannot predict what rates the mpsc will authorize in future rate cases. new legislation, regulations, or interpretations could change how the business operates, impact the registrants' ability to recover costs through rates or the timing of such recovery, or require the registrants to incur additional expenses. the outcome of the current michigan energy policy reform legislative process could impact the registrants' recovery of costs through rates.
changes to michigan's electric retail access program could negatively impact the registrants' financial performance.  the state of michigan currently experiences a hybrid market, where the mpsc continues to regulate electric rates for dte electric customers, while alternative electric suppliers charge market-based rates. mpsc rate orders, and energy legislation enacted by the state of michigan in 2008, have placed a 10% cap on the total potential retail access migration. however, even with the legislated 10% cap on participation, there continues to be legislative and financial risk associated with the electric retail access program. electric retail access migration is sensitive to market price and full service electric price changes. the registrants are required under current regulation to provide full service to retail access customers that choose to return, potentially resulting in the need for additional generating capacity. the outcome of the current michigan energy policy reform legislative process could impact the registrants' recovery of costs through rates.
the miso regional energy market, including the state of michigan, is expected to face capacity constraints beginning in 2016, due primarily to the retirement of coal-fired generation caused by increasingly stringent environmental requirements. significant investment in new natural gas-fired generation and renewables will be required. under the current regulatory structure, retail access customers do not fund capacity costs, potentially impacting electric supply reliability and utility customer affordability.
environmental laws and liability may be costly.  the registrants are subject to, and affected by, numerous environmental regulations. these regulations govern air emissions, water quality, wastewater discharge, and disposal of solid and hazardous waste. compliance with these regulations can significantly increase capital spending, operating expenses, and plant down times, and can negatively affect the affordability of the rates charged to customers.
uncertainty around future environmental regulations creates difficulty planning long-term capital projects in the registrants' generation fleet and, for dte energy, gas distribution businesses. these laws and regulations require the registrants to seek a variety of environmental licenses, permits, inspections, and other regulatory approvals. the registrants could be required to install expensive pollution control measures or limit or cease activities, including the retirement of certain generating plants, based on these regulations. additionally, the registrants may become a responsible party for environmental cleanup at sites identified by a regulatory body. the registrants cannot predict with certainty the amount and timing of future expenditures related to environmental matters because of the difficulty of estimating cleanup costs. there is also uncertainty in quantifying liabilities under environmental laws that impose joint and several liability on potentially responsible parties.
the registrants may also incur liabilities as a result of potential future requirements to address climate change issues. proposals for voluntary initiatives and mandatory controls are being discussed both in the united states and worldwide to reduce ghgs such as carbon dioxide, a by-product of burning fossil fuels. if increased regulations of ghg emissions are implemented, the operations of dte electric's fossil-fueled generation assets may be significantly impacted. since there can be no assurances that environmental costs may be recovered through the regulatory process, the registrants' financial performance may be negatively impacted as a result of environmental matters.
for dte energy, future environmental regulation of natural gas extraction techniques, including hydraulic fracturing, being discussed both at the united states federal level and by some states may affect the profitability of natural gas extraction businesses which could affect demand for, and profitability of, dte energy's gas transportation businesses.
operation of a nuclear facility subjects the registrants to risk. ownership of an operating nuclear generating plant subjects the registrants to significant additional risks. these risks include, among others, plant security, environmental regulation and remediation, changes in federal nuclear regulation, increased capital expenditures to meet industry requirements, and operational factors that can significantly impact the performance and cost of operating a nuclear facility. while the registrants maintain insurance for various nuclear-related risks, there can be no assurances that such insurance will be sufficient to cover the registrants' costs in the event of an accident or business interruption at the nuclear generating plant, which may affect the registrants' financial performance. in addition, while the registrants have a nuclear decommissioning trust fund to finance the decommissioning of the nuclear generating plant, there can be no assurances that such fund will be sufficient to fund the cost of decommissioning.
the supply and/or price of energy commodities and/or related services may impact the registrants' financial results.  the registrants are dependent on coal for much of their electrical generating capacity. dte energy's access to natural gas supplies is critical to ensure reliability of service for utility gas customers. dte energy's non-utility businesses are also dependent upon supplies and prices of energy commodities and services. price fluctuations, fuel supply disruptions, and changes in transportation costs, could have a negative impact on the amounts dte electric charges utility customers for electricity and dte gas charges utility customers for gas and on the profitability of dte energy's non-utility businesses. the registrants have hedging strategies and regulatory recovery mechanisms in place to mitigate some of the negative fluctuations in commodity supply prices in their utility and, for dte energy, non-utility businesses, but there can be no assurances that the registrants' financial performance will not be negatively impacted by price fluctuations. the price of energy also impacts the market for dte energy's non-utility businesses that compete with utilities and alternative electric suppliers.
the supply and/or price of other industrial raw and finished inputs and/or related services may impact the registrants' financial results.  the registrants are dependent on supplies of certain commodities, such as copper and limestone, among others, and industrial materials, and services in order to maintain day-to-day operations and maintenance of their facilities. price fluctuations, or supply interruptions for these commodities and other items, could have a negative impact on the amounts charged to customers for the registrants' utility products and, for dte energy, on the profitability of the non-utility businesses.
adverse changes in the registrants' credit ratings may negatively affect them.  regional and national economic conditions, increased scrutiny of the energy industry and regulatory changes, as well as changes in the registrants' economic performance, could result in credit agencies reexamining their credit ratings. while credit ratings reflect the opinions of the credit agencies issuing such ratings and may not necessarily reflect actual performance, a downgrade in the registrants' credit ratings below investment grade could restrict or discontinue their ability to access capital markets and could result in an increase in their borrowing costs, a reduced level of capital expenditures, and could impact future earnings and cash flows. in addition, a reduction in the registrants' credit ratings may require them to post collateral related to various physical or financially settled contracts for the purchase of energy-related commodities, products, and services, which could impact their liquidity.
poor investment performance of pension and other postretirement benefit plan assets and other factors impacting benefit plan costs could unfavorably impact the registrants' liquidity and results of operations.  the registrants' costs of providing non-contributory defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans are dependent upon a number of factors, such as the rates of return on plan assets, the level of interest rates used to measure the required minimum funding levels of the plans, future government regulation, and the registrants' required or voluntary contributions made to the plans. the performance of the debt and equity markets affects the value of assets that are held in trust to satisfy future obligations under the registrants' plans. the registrants have significant benefit obligations and hold significant assets in trust to satisfy these obligations. these assets are subject to market fluctuations and will yield uncertain returns, which may fall below the registrants' projected return rates. a decline in the market value of the pension and other postretirement benefit plan assets will increase the funding requirements under the pension and other postretirement benefit plans if the actual asset returns do not recover these declines in the foreseeable future. additionally, the pension and other postretirement benefit plan liabilities are sensitive to changes in interest rates. as interest rates decrease, the liabilities increase, resulting in increasing benefit expense and funding requirements. also, if future increases in pension and other postretirement benefit costs as a result of reduced plan assets are not recoverable from the registrants' utility customers, the results of operations and financial position of the registrants could be negatively affected. without sustained growth in the plan investments over time to increase the value of plan assets, the registrants could be required to fund these plans with significant amounts of cash. such cash funding obligations could have a material impact on the registrants' cash flows, financial position, or results of operations.
the registrants' ability to access capital markets is important.  the registrants' ability to access capital markets is important to operate their businesses and to fund capital investments. turmoil in credit markets may constrain the registrants' ability, as well as the ability of their subsidiaries, to issue new debt, including commercial paper, and refinance existing debt at reasonable interest rates. in addition, the level of borrowing by other energy companies, and the market as a whole, could limit the registrants' access to capital markets. the registrants' long-term revolving credit facilities do not expire until 2020, but the registrants regularly access capital markets to refinance existing debt or fund new projects at the registrants' utilities and dte energy's non-utility businesses, and the registrants cannot predict the pricing or demand for those future transactions.
construction and capital improvements to the registrants' power facilities and dte energy's distribution systems subject them to risk. the registrants are managing ongoing, and planning future, significant construction and capital improvement projects at multiple power generation and distribution facilities and dte energy's gas distribution system. many factors that could cause delays or increased prices for these complex projects are beyond the registrants' control, including the cost of materials and labor, subcontractor performance, timing and issuance of necessary permits, construction disputes, and weather conditions. failure to complete these projects on schedule and on budget for any reason could adversely affect the registrants' financial performance and operations at the affected facilities and businesses.
dte energy's non-utility businesses may not perform to its expectations.  dte energy relies on non-utility operations for an increasing portion of earnings. if dte energy's current and contemplated non-utility investments do not perform at expected levels, dte energy could experience diminished earnings and a corresponding decline in shareholder value.
dte energy's participation in energy trading markets subjects it to risk.  events in the energy trading industry have increased the level of scrutiny on the energy trading business and the energy industry as a whole. in certain situations, dte energy may be required to post collateral to support trading operations, which could be substantial. if access to liquidity to support trading activities is curtailed, dte energy could experience decreased earnings potential and cash flows. energy trading activities take place in volatile markets and expose dte energy to risks related to commodity price movements, deviations in weather, and other related risks. dte energy's trading business routinely has speculative trading positions in the market, within strict policy guidelines dte energy sets, resulting from the management of dte energy's business portfolio. to the extent speculative trading positions exist, fluctuating commodity prices can improve or diminish dte energy's financial results and financial position. dte energy manages its exposure by establishing and enforcing strict risk limits and risk management procedures. during periods of extreme volatility, these risk limits and risk management procedures may not work as planned and cannot eliminate all risks associated with these activities.
dte energy's ability to utilize production tax credits may be limited.  to reduce u.s. dependence on imported oil, the internal revenue code provides production tax credits as an incentive for taxpayers to produce fuels and electricity from alternative sources. dte energy generated production tax credits from coke production, landfill gas recovery, reduced emission fuel, renewable energy generation, and gas production operations. all production tax credits taken after 2013 are subject to audit by the irs. if dte energy's production tax credits were disallowed in whole or in part as a result of an irs audit, there could be additional tax liabilities owed for previously recognized tax credits that could significantly impact dte energy's earnings and cash flows.
weather significantly affects operations.  at both utilities, deviations from normal hot and cold weather conditions affect the registrants' earnings and cash flows. mild temperatures can result in decreased utilization of the registrants' assets, lowering income and cash flows. at dte electric, ice storms, tornadoes, or high winds can damage the electric distribution system infrastructure and power generation facilities and require it to perform emergency repairs and incur material unplanned expenses. the expenses of storm restoration efforts may not be fully recoverable through the regulatory process. dte gas can experience higher than anticipated expenses from emergency repairs on its gas distribution infrastructure required as a result of weather related issues.
unplanned power plant outages may be costly.  unforeseen maintenance may be required to safely produce electricity or comply with environmental regulations. as a result of unforeseen maintenance, the registrants may be required to make spot market purchases of electricity that exceed the costs of generation. the registrants' financial performance may be negatively affected if unable to recover such increased costs.
dte energy relies on cash flows from subsidiaries.  dte energy is a holding company. cash flows from the utility and non-utility subsidiaries are required to pay interest expenses and dividends on dte energy debt and securities. should a major subsidiary not be able to pay dividends or transfer cash flows to dte energy, its ability to pay interest and dividends would be restricted.
renewable portfolio standards and energy efficiency programs may affect the registrants' business.  the registrants are subject to existing michigan, and potential future, federal legislation and regulation requiring them to secure sources of renewable energy. the registrants have complied with the existing state legislation, but do not know what requirements may be added by federal legislation. in addition, there could be additional state requirements increasing the percentage of power required to be provided by renewable energy sources. the registrants cannot predict the financial impact or costs associated with complying with potential future legislation and regulations. compliance with these requirements can significantly increase capital expenditures and operating expenses and can negatively affect the affordability of the rates charged to customers.
the registrants are also required by michigan legislation to implement energy efficiency measures and provide energy efficiency customer awareness and education programs. these requirements necessitate expenditures, and implementation of these programs creates the risk of reducing the registrants' revenues as customers decrease their energy usage. the registrants cannot predict how these programs will impact their business and future operating results.
regional, national and international economic conditions can have an unfavorable impact on the registrants.  the registrants' utility and dte energy's non-utility businesses follow the economic cycles of the customers they serve and credit risk of counterparties they do business with. should the financial conditions of some of dte energy's significant customers deteriorate as a result of regional, national or international economic conditions, reduced volumes of electricity and gas, and demand for energy services dte energy supplies, collections of accounts receivable, reductions in federal and state energy assistance funding, and potentially higher levels of lost gas or stolen gas and electricity could result in decreased earnings and cash flows.
threats of terrorism or cyber-attacks could affect the registrants' business.  the registrants may be threatened by problems such as computer viruses or terrorism that may disrupt the registrants' operations and could harm the registrants' operating results. the registrants' industry requires the continued operation of sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure. despite implementation of security measures, all of the registrants' technology systems are vulnerable to disability or failures due to hacking, viruses, acts of war or terrorism, and other causes. if the registrants' information technology systems were to fail and they were unable to recover in a timely way, the registrants might be unable to fulfill critical business functions, which could have a material adverse effect on the registrants' business, operating results, and financial condition.
in addition, the registrants' generation plants and electrical distribution facilities and, for dte energy, gas pipeline and storage facilities, in particular may be targets of terrorist activities that could disrupt the registrants' ability to produce or distribute some portion of their products. the registrants have increased security as a result of past events and may be required by regulators or by the future terrorist threat environment to make investments in security that the registrants cannot currently predict.
failure to maintain the security of personally identifiable information could adversely affect the registrants.  in connection with the registrant's businesses, they collect and retain personally identifiable information of their customers, shareholders, and employees. customers, shareholders, and employees expect that the registrants will adequately protect their personal information, and the regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy is increasingly demanding. a significant theft, loss, or fraudulent use of customer, shareholder, employee, or registrant data by cybercrime or otherwise could adversely impact the registrants' reputation and could result in significant costs, fines, and litigation.
failure to attract and retain key executive officers and other skilled professional and technical employees could have an adverse effect on the registrants' operations.  the registrants' businesses are dependent on their ability to attract and retain skilled employees. competition for skilled employees in some areas is high, and the inability to attract and retain these employees could adversely affect the registrants' business and future operating results. in addition, the registrants have an aging utility workforce, and the failure of a successful transfer of knowledge and expertise could negatively impact their operations.
a work interruption may adversely affect the registrants.  there are several bargaining units for dte energy's approximately 4,900 and dte electric's approximately 2,600 represented employees. the majority of represented employees are under contracts that expire in 2016 and 2017. a union choosing to strike would have an impact on the registrants' businesses. the registrants are unable to predict the effect a work stoppage would have on their costs of operations and financial performance.
if dte energy's goodwill becomes impaired, it may be required to record a charge to earnings.  dte energy annually reviews the carrying value of goodwill associated with acquisitions it has made for impairment. factors that may be considered for purposes of this analysis include any change in circumstances indicating that the carrying value of dte energy goodwill may not be recoverable, such as a decline in stock price and market capitalization, future cash flows, and slower growth rates in the industry. dte energy cannot predict the timing, strength, or duration of any economic slowdown or subsequent recovery, worldwide or in the economy or markets in which it operates; however, when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of these assets may not be recoverable, dte energy may take a non-cash impairment charge, which could potentially materially impact dte energy's results of operations and financial position.
the registrants' businesses have safety risks. the registrants' electric distribution system, power plants, wind energy equipment, and other facilities, and dte energy's gas distribution system, gas infrastructure, and other facilities, could be involved in incidents that result in injury, death or property loss to employees, customers, or the public. although the registrants have insurance coverage for many potential incidents, depending upon the nature and severity of any incident, they could experience financial loss, damage to their reputation, and negative consequences from regulatory agencies or other public authorities.
the registrants may not be fully covered by insurance.  the registrants have a comprehensive insurance program in place to provide coverage for various types of risks, including catastrophic damage as a result of acts of god, terrorism, or a combination of other significant unforeseen events that could impact the registrants' operations. economic losses might not be covered in full by insurance, or the registrants' insurers may be unable to meet contractual obligations.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following combined discussion is separately filed by dte energy and dte electric. however, dte electric does not make any representations as to information related solely to dte energy or the subsidiaries of dte energy other than itself.
executive overview dte energy is a diversified energy company with 2015 operating revenues of approximately $10.3 billion and assets of approximately $28.7 billion. dte energy is the parent company of dte electric and dte gas, regulated electric and natural gas utilities engaged primarily in the business of providing electricity and natural gas sales, distribution, and storage services throughout michigan. dte energy operates three energy-related non-utility segments with operations throughout the united states.
the following table summarizes dte energy's financial results:
please see detailed explanations of segment performance in the following results of operations section.
dte energy's strategy is to achieve long-term earnings growth, a strong balance sheet, and an attractive dividend yield.
dte energy's utilities are investing capital to improve customer reliability through investments in base infrastructure and new generation, and to comply with environmental requirements. dte energy expects that planned significant capital investments will result in earnings growth. dte energy is focused on executing plans to achieve operational excellence and customer satisfaction with a focus on customer affordability. dte energy operates in a constructive regulatory environment and has solid relationships with its regulators.
dte energy has significant investments in non-utility businesses. dte energy employs disciplined investment criteria when assessing growth opportunities that leverage its assets, skills, and expertise, and provides diversity in earnings and geography. specifically, dte energy invests in targeted energy markets with attractive competitive dynamics where meaningful scale is in alignment with its risk profile. dte energy expects growth opportunities in the gas storage and pipelines and power and industrial projects segments.
a key priority for dte energy is to maintain a strong balance sheet which facilitates access to capital markets and reasonably priced short-term and long-term financing. near-term growth will be funded through internally generated cash flows and the issuance of debt and equity. dte energy has an enterprise risk management program that, among other things, is designed to monitor and manage exposure to earnings and cash flow volatility related to commodity price changes, interest rates, and counterparty credit risk.
capital investments dte energy's utility businesses require significant capital investments to maintain and improve the electric generation and electric and natural gas distribution infrastructure and to comply with environmental regulations and renewable energy requirements.
dte electric's capital investments over the 2016-2020 period are estimated at $8.2 billion comprised of $3.8 billion for maintenance and other projects, $3.2 billion for distribution infrastructure, and $1.2 billion for new generation. over the next fifteen years, dte electric plans to retire a portion of its coal-fired generation and to increase the proportion of its generation mix attributable to natural gas-fired generation and renewables. dte electric acquired two natural gas facilities in 2015, as described in note 4 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report, "acquisitions and exit activities". dte electric plans to seek regulatory approval in general rate case filings and renewable energy plan filings for capital expenditures consistent with prior ratemaking treatment.
dte gas' capital investments over the 2016-2020 period are estimated at $1.6 billion comprised of $750 million for base infrastructure, $650 million for gas main renewal, meter move out, and pipeline integrity programs, and $200 million for expenditures related to the nexus pipeline. dte gas plans to seek regulatory approval in general rate case filings for base infrastructure capital expenditures consistent with prior ratemaking treatment. see note 8 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report, "regulatory matters" for a description of dte gas' irm.
dte energy's non-utility businesses' capital investments are primarily for expansion, growth, and ongoing maintenance. gas storage and pipelines' capital investments over the 2016-2020 period are estimated at $2.0 billion to $2.6 billion for gathering and pipeline investments and expansions, including the nexus pipeline. power and industrial projects' capital investments over the 2016-2020 period are estimated at $600 million to $950 million for investments in cogeneration and on-site energy projects.
environmental matters the registrants are subject to extensive environmental regulation. additional costs may result as the effects of various substances on the environment are studied and governmental regulations are developed and implemented. actual costs to comply could vary substantially. the registrants expect to continue recovering environmental costs related to utility operations through rates charged to customers.
dte electric is subject to the epa ozone and fine particulate transport and acid rain regulations that limit power plant emissions of sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxides. the epa and the state of michigan have issued emission reduction regulations relating to ozone, fine particulate, regional haze, mercury, and other air pollution. these rules have led to additional emission controls on fossil-fueled power plants to reduce nitrogen oxide and sulfur dioxide, with further emission controls planned for reductions of mercury and other emissions. these rulemakings could require additional controls for sulfur dioxide, nitrogen oxides, and other hazardous air pollutants over the next few years. to comply with these requirements, dte electric spent approximately $2.3 billion through 2015. it is estimated that dte electric will make capital expenditures of approximately $40 million in 2016.
as directed by a june 2013 presidential memorandum, the epa is implementing regulatory actions under the clean air act to address emissions of ghgs from the utility sector and other sectors of the economy. among these actions, in august 2015, the epa finalized performance standards for emissions of carbon dioxide from new and existing electric generating units (egus). the carbon performance standards, known as the clean power plan (cpp), require states to meet emission reduction targets from existing fossil-fueled egus beginning in 2022. the epa has finalized interim standards applicable from 2022 to 2029 leading to emission standards to be achieved in 2030. states must submit initial compliance plans in september 2016, but may request an extension to submit a final compliance plan by september 2018. states that fail to submit a plan or do not meet epa criteria for a complete plan will be subject to a federal plan that was proposed by the epa with the final cpp.
the registrants are working with the state of michigan and other stakeholders to shape the cpp compliance plan for michigan. the final carbon standards for new sources are not expected to have a material impact on the registrants, since the registrants have no plans to build new coal-fired generation and any potential new gas generation will be able to comply with the standards. at the present time, it is not possible to determine the potential impact of the final performance standards for existing power plants due to the multitude of options available to states for compliance that require careful analysis and input from numerous stakeholders. pending or future legislation or other regulatory actions could have a material impact on the registrants' operations and financial position and the rates the registrants charge its customers. impacts include expenditures for environmental equipment beyond what is currently planned, financing costs related to additional capital expenditures, the purchase of emission credits from market sources, higher costs of purchased power, and the retirement of facilities where control equipment is not economical. the registrants would seek to recover these incremental costs through increased rates charged to their utility customers, as authorized by the mpsc.
increased costs for energy produced from traditional coal-based sources due to recent, pending, and future regulatory initiatives, could also increase the economic viability of energy produced from renewable, natural gas-fired generation and/or nuclear sources, energy efficiency initiatives, and the potential development of market-based trading of carbon instruments which could provide new business opportunities for dte energy's utility and non-utility segments. at the present time, it is not possible to quantify the financial impacts of these climate related regulatory initiatives on the registrants or their customers.
see items 1. and 2. business and properties and note 17 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report, "commitments and contingencies", for further discussion of environmental matters.
exit activities during the fourth quarter of 2015, dte energy announced the closure of the shenango incorporated coke battery plant in response to a sharp downturn in the north american steel industry. the plant, which is part of the power and industrial projects segment, is located in pittsburgh, pa. as a result of the closure, dte energy recorded a one-time pre-tax non-cash impairment charge of $111 million. the charge included $96 million to fully impair the long-lived assets, employee severance expenses related to the workforce reduction of approximately 170 employees for $3 million, and other expenses, including write downs of inventory, of $12 million. the closure optimizes dte energy's coke production at its larger, more efficient facility. production of coke from the shenango battery ceased in january 2016. the plant closure will not significantly impact dte energy's earnings in future periods. as of december 31, 2015, no amounts have been paid to date under these exit activities. for amounts accrued at december 31, 2015 related to these exit activities, dte energy expects future cash payments of approximately $7 million to be made in 2016. dte energy anticipates incurring additional costs, including environmental remediation costs, in connection with the closure. an estimate of the amount of the additional costs and timing of the activities cannot be determined at december 31, 2015 as alternatives are currently being evaluated, however, the likelihood of these costs being material to dte energy's consolidated financial statements is remote.
outlook the next few years will be a period of rapid change for dte energy and for the energy industry. dte energy's strong utility base, combined with its integrated non-utility operations, position it well for long-term growth.
looking forward, dte energy will focus on several areas that are expected to improve future performance:
•   electric and gas customer satisfaction;
•   electric reliability;
•   rate competitiveness and affordability;
•   regulatory stability and investment recovery for the electric and gas utilities;
•   growth of utility asset base;
•   cost structure optimization across all business segments;
•   cash, capital, and liquidity to maintain or improve financial strength; and
•   investments that integrate assets and leverage skills and expertise.
dte energy will continue to pursue opportunities to grow its businesses in a disciplined manner if it can secure opportunities that meet its strategic, financial, and risk criteria.
results of operations the following sections provide a detailed discussion of the operating performance and future outlook of dte energy's segments. segment information, described below, includes intercompany revenues and expenses, and other income and deductions that are eliminated in the consolidated financial statements.
electric the management's narrative analysis of results of operations discussion for dte electric is presented in a reduced disclosure format in accordance with general instruction i (2) (a) of form 10-k for wholly-owned subsidiaries.
the electric segment consists principally of dte electric. results for electric segment with a reconciliation to dte electric are discussed below:
operating revenues - utility operations                                                                 $4,901              $5,283              $5,199
fuel and purchased power - utility                                                                       1,573               1,705               1,668
asset (gains) losses and impairments, net                                                                    -                  (1   )              (3   )
see dte electric's consolidated statements of operations in item 8 of this report for a complete view of its results.
gross margin decreased $250 million in 2015 and increased $47 million in 2014. revenues associated with certain mechanisms and surcharges are offset by related expenses elsewhere in the registrants' consolidated statements of operations.
the following table details changes in various gross margin components relative to the comparable prior period:
securitization bond and tax surcharge                                             (376   )         (10   )
regulatory mechanisms and other                                                      1               5
electric retail access, including self generators (b)    4,899              5,033              5,200
(b)   represents deliveries for self generators that have purchased power from alternative energy suppliers to supplement their power requirements.
dte electric residential and commercial sales increased due primarily to favorable weather, while industrial sales decreased due primarily to lower steel customer load.
operation and maintenance expense increased $12 million in 2015 and decreased $45 million in 2014. the increase in 2015 is primarily due to increased power plant generation expenses of $28 million, increased line clearance expenses of $25 million, increased distribution operations expenses of $13 million, and $18 million of expenses related to the transition of pld customers to dte electric's distribution system effective july 1, 2014, partially offset by decreased storm restoration expenses of $63 million and decreased employee benefits of $7 million. the decrease in 2014 is primarily due to decreased employee benefit expenses of $68 million, decreased distribution operations expenses of $36 million, and decreased power plant generation expenses of $7 million, partially offset by higher storm restoration expenses of $19 million, increased low-income energy assistance of $17 million, $17 million of expenses related to the transition of pld customers to dte electric's distribution system, and increased energy optimization and renewable energy expenses of $13 million. the mpsc approved a trm that provides for recovery of the deferred net incremental revenue requirement associated with the transition of former pld customers that is reflected in the depreciation and amortization line in dte electric's consolidated statements of operations.
depreciation and amortization expense decreased $296 million in 2015 and increased $31 million in 2014. the 2015 decrease was due to $342 million of decreased amortization of regulatory assets related to securitization and $15 million associated with the trm, partially offset by $61 million of increased expenses due to an increased depreciable base. the 2014 increase was due to $42 million of increased expense due to an increased depreciable base and increased amortization of regulatory assets of $3 million, primarily related to securitization, partially offset by $14 million associated with the trm.
other (income) and deductions increased $16 million in 2015 and decreased $36 million in 2014. the increase in 2015 was primarily due to lower investment earnings of $11 million and higher interest expense of $8 million. the decrease in 2014 was primarily due to decreased interest expenses of $18 million and the 2013 contribution to the dte energy foundation of $18 million.
outlook - dte electric will continue to move forward in its efforts to achieve operational excellence, sustained strong cash flows, and earn its authorized return on equity. dte electric expects that planned significant capital investments will result in earnings growth. looking forward, additional factors may impact earnings such as weather, the outcome of regulatory proceedings, benefit plan design changes, investment returns and changes in discount rate assumptions in benefit plans and health care costs, uncertainty of legislative or regulatory actions regarding climate change and electric retail access, and effects of energy efficiency programs. dte electric residential and commercial sales have increased due primarily to improved economic activity and have been substantially offset by energy efficiency measures taken by customers. dte electric expects to continue its efforts to improve productivity and decrease costs while improving customer satisfaction with consideration of customer rate affordability.
dte electric filed a rate case with the mpsc on february 1, 2016 requesting an increase in base rates of $344 million based on a projected twelve-month period ending july 31, 2017. the requested increase in base rates is due primarily to an increase in net plant resulting from infrastructure investments, environmental compliance, and reliability improvement projects. the rate filing also includes projected changes in sales, operation and maintenance expenses, and working capital. the rate filing also requests an increase in return on equity from 10.3% to 10.5% on a capital structure of 50% equity and 50% debt. dte electric anticipates self-implementing a rate increase in august 2016 with an mpsc order expected by february 2017.
operating revenues - utility operations            $1,376              $1,636              $1,474
cost of gas - utility                                 526                 725                 624
gross margin decreased $61 million in 2015 and increased $61 million in 2014. revenues associated with certain mechanisms and surcharges are offset by related expenses elsewhere in dte energy's consolidated statements of operations.
the following table details changes in various gross margin components relative to the comparable prior period:
infrastructure recovery mechanism                    12               7
gas markets (in bcf)
end-user transportation       169         167         157
operation and maintenance expense decreased $26 million in 2015 and increased $27 million in 2014. the decrease in 2015 is primarily due to decreased gas operations expenses of $12 million, decreased employee benefits expenses of $10 million, decreased transmission expenses of $3 million, and decreased uncollectible expenses of $3 million. the increase in 2014 is primarily due to increased gas operations expenses of $32 million, increased uncollectible expenses of $4 million, and increased corporate administrative expenses of $3 million, partially offset by decreased employee benefit expenses of $10 million and reduced energy optimization expenses of $2 million.
other (income) and deductions decreased $27 million in 2015 and increased $27 million in 2014. the decrease in 2015 is primarily due to the 2014 contribution to the dte energy foundation and other charitable organizations. the increase in 2014 is primarily due to contributions to the dte energy foundation and other charitable organizations in 2014.
outlook - dte gas will continue to move forward in its efforts to achieve operational excellence, sustained strong cash flows, and earn its authorized return on equity. dte gas expects that planned significant infrastructure capital investments will result in earnings growth. looking forward, additional factors may impact earnings such as weather, the outcome of regulatory proceedings, benefit plan design changes, and investment returns and changes in discount rate assumptions in benefit plans and health care costs. dte gas expects to continue its efforts to improve productivity and decrease costs while improving customer satisfaction with consideration of customer rate affordability.
dte gas filed a rate case with the mpsc on december 18, 2015 requesting an increase in base rates of $183 million based on a projected twelve-month period ending october 31, 2017. the requested increase in base rates is due primarily to an increase in net plant of $800 million, inclusive of irm capital investments being recovered through approved irm surcharge filings. the rate filing also includes projected changes in sales, operation and maintenance expenses, and working capital. the rate filing also requests an increase in return on equity from 10.5% to 10.75% on a capital structure of 52% equity and 48% debt. dte gas anticipates self-implementing a rate increase in november 2016 with an mpsc order expected by december 2016. concurrent with the mpsc order in this rate case, the existing irm surcharge will be terminated. however, in this rate case filing, dte gas requested to implement a new irm surcharge to become effective in january 2017.
gas storage and pipelines the gas storage and pipelines segment consists of the non-utility gas pipelines and storage businesses. gas storage and pipelines results are discussed below:
operating revenues - non-utility operations              $243              $203              $132
asset (gains) losses and impairments, net                   -                 1                 -
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests         2                 2                 2
operating revenues - non-utility operations increased $40 million in 2015 and increased $71 million in 2014. the 2015 increase is due primarily to increased volumes on the bluestone pipeline and susquehanna gathering systems, partially offset by decreased gas storage revenues due to expiring contracts being replaced with contracts at lower rates. the 2014 increase is due primarily to increased volumes on the bluestone pipeline and additional segments placed in service in the susquehanna gathering system. storage revenue also increased due to weather favorability in early 2014, partially offset by lower market rates.
operation and maintenance expense increased $12 million in 2015 and increased $21 million in 2014. the 2015 increase is due primarily to increased activity on the bluestone and susquehanna projects and increased gas storage operations expense. the 2014 increase is due primarily to increased activity on the bluestone and susquehanna projects and increased corporate overheads due to growth of this segment.
depreciation and amortization expense decreased $4 million in 2015 and increased $11 million in 2014. the 2015 decrease is due primarily to a change in the estimated useful life of susquehanna gathering assets related to a contract extension in the fourth quarter of 2014, partially offset by additional bluestone and susquehanna projects placed in service. the 2014 increase is due primarily to the growth of the bluestone and susquehanna projects.
other (income) and deductions increased $10 million in 2015 and decreased $17 million in 2014. the 2015 increase is due primarily to increased earnings from pipeline investments. the 2014 decrease is due primarily to decreased earnings from a pipeline investment and increased intercompany interest expense. the earnings from the pipeline investment were negatively impacted in 2014 by a revenue deferral for depreciation collected in ferc-approved tariff rates in excess of depreciation expense.
outlook - gas storage and pipelines expects to maintain its steady growth by developing an asset portfolio with multiple growth platforms through investment in new projects and expansions. gas storage and pipelines will continue to look for additional investment opportunities and other storage and pipeline projects at favorable prices. the 2015 capacity expansion of bluestone pipeline in susquehanna county, pennsylvania and broome county, new york, is complete and included a second compressor facility and approximately six miles of additional pipeline loop to accommodate increased shipper demand. planning and design activities are underway for bluestone pipeline's 2016 expansion. additionally, the susquehanna gathering system is being expanded to accommodate increased production. despite recent pressure on producers from low commodity prices, dte energy believes its long-term agreement with southwestern energy production company and the quality of the natural gas reserves in the marcellus region soundly positions bluestone pipeline and susquehanna gathering system for future growth.
progress continues on development activities on the nexus pipeline, a transportation path to transport appalachian basin shale gas, including utica and marcellus shale gas, directly to consuming markets in northern ohio, southeastern michigan, and dawn ontario. dte energy owns a 50% partnership interest in the nexus pipeline. a ferc application was filed in the fourth quarter of 2015 with an estimated in service date in the fourth quarter of 2017.
power and industrial projects the power and industrial projects segment is comprised primarily of projects that deliver energy and utility-type products and services to industrial, commercial, and institutional customers, produce reduced emissions fuel, and sell electricity from renewable energy projects. power and industrial projects results are discussed below:
operating revenues - non-utility operations                     $2,224              $2,289              $1,950
fuel, purchased power, and gas - non-utility                     1,837               1,913               1,571
asset (gains) losses and impairments, net                          106                 (12   )              (4   )
income taxes expense (benefits)                                                 (49   )              (3   )               8
production tax credits                                             (91   )             (97   )             (53   )
net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests          (9   )               4                   5
gross margin increased $11 million in 2015 and decreased $3 million in 2014. the 2015 increase is primarily due to an $8 million increase in production at a renewable power project, a $6 million increase in pricing at two landfill gas projects, a $6 million increase associated with a newly constructed project in the on-site business, and a $5 million increase in production in the ref business, partially offset by a $13 million decrease in product sales at the steel projects. the 2014 decrease is primarily due to a $13 million decrease in sales associated with project terminations in the on-site energy business, $12 million of higher start-up costs associated with new projects in the ref business, a $3 million decrease in lower pricing in the steel business, partially offset by a $19 million increase associated with new renewable power and landfill gas projects, and a $6 million increase due to the closing of the coal transportation business.
operation and maintenance expense increased $11 million in 2015 and increased $25 million in 2014. the 2015 increase is primarily due to costs associated with closure of the shenango coke battery. the 2014 increase is primarily due to $16 million of higher maintenance and general administrative expenses in the steel business and $9 million of higher spending associated with the start-up of a renewable power project.
depreciation and amortization expense increased by $1 million in 2015 and increased by $5 million in 2014. the 2014 increase is primarily due to $4 million associated with the start-up of a renewable power project.
asset (gains) losses and impairments, net decreased by $118 million in 2015 and increased by $8 million in 2014. the 2015 decrease is due primarily to the closure of the shenango coke battery and a renewable power project. the 2014 increase is due primarily to a gain associated with a sale of an on-site project in 2014 and an asset impairment recorded in 2013.
other (income) and deductions decreased by $8 million in 2015 and decreased $7 million in 2014. the 2015 decrease is due primarily to charitable contributions, and the 2014 decrease is due primarily to lower equity earnings at various projects.
income taxes - expense (benefits) decreased by $46 million in 2015. the decrease is primarily due to the impact of the closure of the shenango coke battery and a renewable power project.
income taxes - production tax credits decreased by $6 million in 2015 and increased $44 million in 2014. the 2015 decrease is primarily due to the reduction of ownership interests in the ref projects. the 2014 increase is due primarily to higher production volumes of refined coal that resulted in higher tax credits at ref projects.
net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests decreased by $13 million in 2015 and decreased by $1 million in 2014. the 2015 loss allocated to noncontrolling interests is primarily due to lease arrangements with investors at various ref facilities.
outlook - power and industrial projects has constructed and placed in service ref facilities at nine sites including facilities located at six third-party owned coal-fired power plants. dte energy has sold membership interests in four of the facilities and entered into lease arrangements in two of the facilities. dte energy will continue to optimize these facilities by seeking investors or entering into lease arrangements for facilities operating at dte electric and other utility sites. dte energy is in the process of relocating underutilized facility equipment at an existing site to a new third-party owned coal-fired power plant. in addition, dte energy has entered into an agreement to operate an ref facility owned by an outside party located at a third-party owned coal-fired power plant.
dte energy expects decreased production levels of metallurgical coke and pulverized coal supplied to steel industry customers for 2016. a recent downturn in the steel industry in the united states will likely negatively impact the volume and pricing of metallurgical coke sales for the upcoming year. see discussion of potential impairment risk related to long-lived steel related assets in the critical accounting estimates section. the segment has four renewable power generation facilities in operation. on-site energy services will continue to be delivered in accordance with the terms of long-term contracts. dte energy will continue to look for additional investment opportunities and other energy projects at favorable prices.
power and industrial projects will continue to leverage its extensive energy-related operating experience and project management capability to develop additional energy projects to serve energy intensive industrial customers.
energy trading energy trading focuses on physical and financial power and natural gas marketing and trading, structured transactions, enhancement of returns from its asset portfolio, and optimization of contracted natural gas pipeline transportation and storage positions. energy trading also provides natural gas, power, and related services, which may include the management of associated storage and transportation contracts on the customers' behalf, and the supply or purchase of renewable energy credits to various customers. energy trading results are discussed below:
operating revenues - non-utility operations               $2,459              $3,762              $1,771
purchased power and gas - non-utility                      2,417               3,478               1,782
income tax expense (benefit)                                 (15   )              77                 (38   )
operating revenues - non-utility operations and purchased power and gas - non-utility were impacted by a decrease in gas prices, partially offset by an increase in volumes, primarily in the gas structured strategy for the year ended december 31, 2015. for 2014, these line items were impacted by an increase in gas volumes and prices, primarily in the gas structured strategy.
gross margin decreased $242 million in 2015 and increased $295 million in 2014. the decrease in 2015 and the increase in 2014 are primarily due to timing from mtm adjustments on certain transactions in the gas structured strategy.
the decrease in gross margin in 2015 represents a $155 million decrease in realized margins and an $87 million decrease in unrealized margins. the $155 million decrease in realized margins is due to $201 million of unfavorable results, primarily in gas structured, and power trading strategies, offset by $46 million of favorable results, primarily in power full requirements and gas transportation strategies. the $87 million decrease in unrealized margins is due to $120 million of unfavorable results, primarily in the gas structured strategy, offset by $33 million of favorable results, primarily in power full requirements and gas transportation strategies.
the increase in gross margin in 2014 represents a $92 million increase in realized margins and a $203 million increase in unrealized margins. the $92 million increase in realized margins is due to $149 million of favorable results, primarily in gas structured and gas transportation strategies, offset by $57 million of unfavorable results, primarily in power full requirements, gas full requirements, and gas trading strategies. the $203 million increase in unrealized margins is due to $211 million of favorable results, primarily in gas structured and gas full requirements strategies, offset by $8 million of unfavorable results, primarily in the power full requirements strategy.
during the first quarter of 2015, energy trading experienced slightly colder than normal weather conditions, on average, in the gas and power markets served, unlike the extreme weather conditions in the midwest and northeast that energy trading experienced in the first quarter of 2014. consequently, this led to less favorable results in gas asset optimization strategies due to lower gas prices as compared to 2014, partially offset by lower realized losses from energy trading's power full requirements strategy as compared to 2014.
natural gas structured transactions typically involve a physical purchase or sale of natural gas in the future and/or natural gas basis financial instruments which are derivatives and a related non-derivative pipeline transportation contract. these gas structured transactions can result in significant earnings volatility as the derivative components are marked-to-market without revaluing the related non-derivative contracts. included in the $201 million of unfavorable realized results for the year ended december 31, 2015 related to gas strategies is $113 million of timing related gains and losses recognized in previous years that reversed as the underlying contracts settled. the $113 million of timing related items is comprised of a reversal of timing related losses of $65 million in 2014 and a reversal of timing gains of $48 million in 2015. included in the $120 million of unfavorable unrealized results for the year ended december 31, 2015, related to gas strategies is $126 million of timing related gains and losses. the $126 million of timing related items is the variance of timing gains of $102 million in 2014 and timing losses of $24 million in 2015, which will reverse in future periods as the underlying contracts settle.
included in the $149 million of favorable realized results for the year ended december 31, 2014 in energy trading's gas strategies, is $65 million of timing related losses recognized in 2013 that reversed as the underlying contracts were settled. included in the $211 million of favorable unrealized results for the year ended december 31, 2014 in energy trading's gas strategies, is $102 million of timing related gains which will reverse in future periods, and the absence of $89 million of timing related losses in 2013.
outlook - in the near-term, energy trading expects market conditions to remain challenging and the profitability of this segment may be impacted by the volatility in commodity prices and the uncertainty of impacts associated with financial reform, regulatory changes, and changes in operating rules of regional transmission organizations. significant portions of the energy trading portfolio are economically hedged. most financial instruments and physical power and natural gas contracts are deemed derivatives, whereas natural gas inventory, pipeline transportation, renewable energy credits, and storage assets are not derivatives. as a result, dte energy will experience earnings volatility as derivatives are marked-to-market without revaluing the underlying non-derivative contracts and assets. energy trading's strategy is to economically manage the price risk of these underlying non-derivative contracts and assets with futures, forwards, swaps, and options. this results in gains and losses that are recognized in different interim and annual accounting periods.
see also "fair value" in the "capital resources and liquidity" section that follows and notes 11 and 12 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report, "fair value" and "financial and other derivative instruments", respectively.
corporate and other corporate and other includes various holding company activities, and holds certain non-utility debt and energy-related investments. the 2015 net loss of $48 million represents an improvement of $9 million from the 2014 net loss of $57 million due primarily to 2014 investment impairments and lower deferred tax expense related to the impact of new york state income tax reform enacted in march 2014, partially offset by higher interest expense. the 2014 net loss of $57 million represents an increase of $13 million from the 2013 net loss of $44 million due primarily to increased impairments of investments and increased deferred tax expense related to new york state income tax reform enacted in march 2014.
see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report, "income taxes".
capital resources and liquidity cash requirements dte energy uses cash to maintain and invest in the electric and natural gas utilities, to grow the non-utility businesses, to retire, and pay interest on long-term debt, and to pay dividends. dte energy believes it will have sufficient internal and external capital resources to fund anticipated capital and operating requirements. dte energy expects that cash from operations in 2016 will be approximately $1.8 billion, or approximately $100 million lower than 2015, due primarily to higher working capital requirements. dte energy anticipates base level utility capital investments; environmental, renewable, and energy optimization expenditures; expenditures for non-utility businesses; and contributions to equity method investees in 2016 of approximately $2.7 billion. dte energy plans to seek regulatory approval to include utility capital expenditures in regulatory rate base consistent with prior treatment. capital spending for growth of existing or new non-utility businesses will depend on the existence of opportunities that meet strict risk-return and value creation criteria.
cash flows from (used for)
operating activities:
adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash from operating activities:
allowance for equity funds used during construction                                (21   )             (21   )             (15   )
asset (gains) losses and impairments, net                                          107                  (4   )              (8   )
working capital and other                                                          (30   )            (596   )             213
net cash from operating activities                                               1,911               1,839               2,154
investing activities:
plant and equipment expenditures - utility                                      (1,817   )          (1,784   )          (1,534   )
plant and equipment expenditures - non-utility                                    (203   )            (265   )            (342   )
acquisition                                                                       (241   )               -                   -
proceeds from sale of assets                                                        16                  45                  36
restricted cash for debt redemption, principally securitization, net                97                   3                  (1   )
net cash used for investing activities                                          (2,204   )          (2,060   )          (1,906   )
financing activities:
issuance of long-term debt, net of issuance costs                                  956               1,736               1,234
net cash from (used for) financing activities                                      282                 217                (261   )
cash from operating activities a majority of dte energy's operating cash flows are provided by the electric and natural gas utilities, which are significantly influenced by factors such as weather, electric retail access, regulatory deferrals, regulatory outcomes, economic conditions, changes in working capital, and operating costs.
cash from operations increased $72 million in 2015. the increase in operating cash flows reflects a decrease in cash expenditures for working capital items, partially offset by lower net income after adjusting for non-cash and non-operating items. the decreases in depreciation and amortization and deferred income taxes are partially offset by the increase in asset (gains) losses and impairments, which is primarily due to dte energy's closure of the shenango coke battery plant in 2015. see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report, "acquisitions and exit activities".
cash from operations decreased $315 million in 2014. the reduction in operating cash flows reflects an increase in cash expenditures for working capital items, partially offset by higher net income after adjusting for non-cash and non-operating items (primarily depreciation and amortization and deferred income taxes).
the change in working capital items in 2015 primarily related to increases in regulatory assets and liabilities, derivative assets and liabilities, accounts receivable, net, and inventories, partially offset by decreases in accrued pension liability, accrued postretirement liability, and accounts payable. the change in working capital items in 2014 primarily related to fuel inventories, derivative assets and liabilities, and regulatory assets and liabilities, partially offset by the change in accounts receivable, net, accounts payable, and pension and other postretirement liabilities.
cash used for investing activities cash inflows associated with investing activities are primarily generated from the sale of assets, while cash outflows are the result of plant and equipment expenditures and acquisitions. in any given year, dte energy looks to realize cash from under-performing or non-strategic assets or matured fully valued assets.
capital spending within the utility businesses is primarily to maintain and improve the electric generation, the electric and natural gas distribution infrastructure, and to comply with environmental regulations and renewable energy requirements.
capital spending within the non-utility businesses is primarily for ongoing maintenance, expansion, and growth. dte energy looks to make growth investments that meet strict criteria in terms of strategy, management skills, risks, and returns. all new investments are analyzed for their rates of return and cash payback on a risk adjusted basis. dte energy has been disciplined in how it deploys capital and will not make investments unless they meet the criteria. for new business lines, dte energy initially invests based on research and analysis. dte energy starts with a limited investment, evaluates the results, and either expands or exits the business based on those results. in any given year, the amount of growth capital will be determined by the underlying cash flows of dte energy, with a clear understanding of any potential impact on its credit ratings.
net cash used for investing activities increased $144 million in 2015 due primarily to dte energy's $241 million acquisition in january. this is partially offset by the increase in restricted cash for debt redemption as this activity primarily relates to securitization bonds that were fully redeemed in march 2015.
net cash used for investing activities increased $154 million in 2014 due primarily to increased capital expenditures by the utility businesses, partially offset by decreased capital expenditures by the non-utility business and increased proceeds from sale of assets.
cash from (used for) financing activities dte energy relies on both short-term borrowing and long-term financing as a source of funding for capital requirements not satisfied by its operations.
dte energy's strategy is to have a targeted debt portfolio blend of fixed and variable interest rates and maturity. dte energy continually evaluates its leverage target, which is currently 50% to 53%, to ensure it is consistent with the objective of a strong investment grade debt rating.
net cash from financing activities increased $65 million in 2015. the increase is primarily attributable to decreased redemptions of long-term debt, which is offset by decreases in issuances of long-term debt, short-term borrowings, and repurchase of common stock.
net cash from financing activities increased $478 million in 2014. the increase is primarily attributable to increases in short-term borrowings and issuances of long-term debt, partially offset by increased redemptions of long-term debt, repurchases of common stock, and increased dividends on common stock.
outlook dte energy expects cash flows from operations to increase over the long-term, primarily as a result of growth from the utility and non-utility businesses. growth in the utilities is expected to be driven primarily by capital spending to maintain and improve the electric generation and electric and natural gas distribution infrastructure and to comply with new and existing state and federal regulations that will result in additional environmental and renewable energy investments which will increase the base from which rates are determined. non-utility growth is expected from additional investments, primarily in the gas storage and pipelines and power and industrial projects segments.
dte energy may be impacted by the timing of collection or refund of various recovery and tracking mechanisms, as a result of timing of mpsc orders. energy prices are likely to be a source of volatility with regard to working capital requirements for the foreseeable future. dte energy continues its efforts to identify opportunities to improve cash flows through working capital initiatives and maintaining flexibility in the timing and extent of long-term capital projects.
dte energy has approximately $500 million in long-term debt maturing in the next twelve months. the repayment of the debt is expected to be paid through internally generated funds or the issuance of long-term debt.
dte energy has approximately $1.5 billion of available liquidity at december 31, 2015, consisting of cash and amounts available under unsecured revolving credit agreements.
dte energy expects to issue approximately $100 million of common stock in 2016 through its pension and other employee benefit plans.
at the discretion of management, and depending upon financial market conditions, dte energy anticipates making 2016 contributions to the pension plans of up to $180 million and up to $20 million to the other postretirement benefit plans. the planned contributions will be made in cash or a combination of cash and dte energy common stock.
various subsidiaries of dte energy have entered into contracts which contain ratings triggers and are guaranteed by dte energy. these contracts contain provisions which allow the counterparties to require that dte energy post cash or letters of credit as collateral in the event that dte energy's credit rating is downgraded below investment grade. certain of these provisions (known as "hard triggers") state specific circumstances under which dte energy can be required to post collateral upon the occurrence of a credit downgrade, while other provisions (known as "soft triggers") are not as specific. for contracts with soft triggers, it is difficult to estimate the amount of collateral which may be requested by counterparties and/or which dte energy may ultimately be required to post. the amount of such collateral which could be requested fluctuates based on commodity prices (primarily natural gas, power, and coal) and the provisions and maturities of the underlying transactions. as of december 31, 2015, dte energy's contractual obligation to post collateral in the form of cash or letter of credit in the event of a downgrade to below investment grade, under both hard trigger and soft trigger provisions, was approximately $412 million.
dte energy believes it will have sufficient operating flexibility, cash resources, and funding sources to maintain adequate amounts of liquidity and to meet future operating cash and capital expenditure needs. however, virtually all of dte energy's businesses are capital intensive, or require access to capital, and the inability to access adequate capital could adversely impact earnings and cash flows.
see notes 8, 9, 13, 15, and 18 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report, "regulatory matters", "income taxes", "long-term debt", "short-term credit arrangements and borrowings", and "retirement benefits and trusteed assets".
contractual obligations the following table details dte energy's, including dte electric's, contractual obligations for debt redemptions, leases, purchase obligations, and other long-term obligations as of december 31, 2015:
capital lease obligations                                                          24                   9                  12                     3                         -
(b)   excludes amounts associated with full requirements contracts where no stated minimum purchase volume is required.
(c)   the agreements represent the minimum settlements with suppliers for renewable energy and renewable energy credits under existing contract terms which expire from 2030 through 2035. dte electric's share of plant output ranges from 44% to 100%.
(d)   excludes a power purchase agreement with a non-utility affiliate of dte energy.
(e)   includes liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits of $3 million.
(f)   excludes other long-term liabilities of $138 million not directly derived from contracts or other agreements.
(g)   at december 31, 2015, dte energy met the minimum pension funding levels required under the employee retirement income security act of 1974 (erisa) and the pension protection act of 2006 for the defined benefit pension plans. dte energy may contribute more than the minimum funding requirements for the pension plans and may also make contributions to the other postretirement benefit plans; however, these amounts are not included in the table above as such amounts are discretionary. planned funding levels are disclosed in the capital resources and liquidity and critical accounting estimates sections herein and in note 18 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report, "retirement benefits and trusteed assets".
credit ratings credit ratings are intended to provide banks and capital market participants with a framework for comparing the credit quality of securities and are not a recommendation to buy, sell, or hold securities. dte energy, dte electric, and dte gas' credit ratings affect their costs of capital and other terms of financing, as well as their ability to access the credit and commercial paper markets. dte energy, dte electric, and dte gas' management believes that the current credit ratings provide sufficient access to capital markets. however, disruptions in the banking and capital markets not specifically related to dte energy, dte electric, and dte gas may affect their ability to access these funding sources or cause an increase in the return required by investors.
as part of the normal course of business, dte electric, dte gas, and various non-utility subsidiaries of dte energy routinely enter into physical or financially settled contracts for the purchase and sale of electricity, natural gas, coal, capacity, storage, and other energy-related products and services. certain of these contracts contain provisions which allow the counterparties to request that dte energy posts cash or letters of credit in the event that the senior unsecured debt rating of dte energy is downgraded below investment grade. the amount of such collateral which could be requested fluctuates based upon commodity prices and the provisions and maturities of the underlying transactions and could be substantial. also, upon a downgrade below investment grade, dte energy, dte electric, and dte gas could have restricted access to the commercial paper market, and if dte energy is downgraded below investment grade, the non-utility businesses, especially the energy trading and power and industrial projects segments, could be required to restrict operations due to a lack of available liquidity. a downgrade below investment grade could potentially increase the borrowing costs of dte energy, dte electric, and dte gas and their subsidiaries and may limit access to the capital markets. the impact of a downgrade will not affect dte energy, dte electric, and dte gas' ability to comply with existing debt covenants. while dte energy, dte electric, and dte gas currently do not anticipate such a downgrade, they cannot predict the outcome of current or future credit rating agency reviews.
in february 2016, based on dte energy's strong and predictable earnings and cash flow, fitch upgraded dte energy's unsecured debt rating from 'bbb' to 'bbb+' and upgraded dte electric's secured debt rating from 'a' to 'a+'.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of the registrants' consolidated financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires that management apply accounting policies and make estimates and assumptions that affect results of operations and the amounts of assets and liabilities reported in the consolidated financial statements. the registrants' management believes that the areas described below require significant judgment in the application of accounting policy or in making estimates and assumptions in matters that are inherently uncertain and that may change in subsequent periods. additional discussion of these accounting policies can be found in the combined notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report.
regulation a significant portion of the registrants' businesses are subject to regulation. this results in differences in the application of generally accepted accounting principles between regulated and non-regulated businesses. dte electric and dte gas are required to record regulatory assets and liabilities for certain transactions that would have been treated as revenue or expense in non-regulated businesses. future regulatory changes or changes in the competitive environment could result in the discontinuance of this accounting treatment for regulatory assets and liabilities for some or all of the registrants' businesses. the registrants' management believes that currently available facts support the continued use of regulatory assets and liabilities and that all regulatory assets and liabilities are recoverable or refundable in the current rate environment.
see note 8 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report, "regulatory matters".
derivatives derivatives are generally recorded at fair value and shown as derivative assets or liabilities. changes in the fair value of the derivative instruments are recognized in earnings in the period of change. the normal purchases and normal sales exception requires, among other things, physical delivery in quantities expected to be used or sold over a reasonable period in the normal course of business. contracts that are designated as normal purchases and normal sales are not recorded at fair value. substantially all of the commodity contracts entered into by dte electric and dte gas meet the criteria specified for this exception.
fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date in a principal or most advantageous market. fair value is a market-based measurement that is determined based on inputs, which refer broadly to assumptions that market participants use in pricing assets and liabilities. these inputs can be readily observable, market corroborated, or generally unobservable inputs. the registrants' management makes certain assumptions it believes that market participants would use in pricing assets and liabilities, including assumptions about risk, and the risks inherent in the inputs to valuation techniques. credit risk of the registrants and their counterparties is incorporated in the valuation of the assets and liabilities through the use of credit reserves, the impact of which was immaterial at december 31, 2015 and 2014. the registrants' management believes it uses valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable market-based inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs.
the fair values the registrants calculate for their derivatives may change significantly as inputs and assumptions are updated for new information. actual cash returns realized on derivatives may be different from the results the registrants estimate using models. as fair value calculations are estimates based largely on commodity prices, the registrants perform sensitivity analyses on the fair values of forward contracts. see the sensitivity analysis in item 7a. of this report, "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk". see also the fair value section, herein.
see notes 11 and 12 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report, "fair value" and "financial and other derivative instruments", respectively.
allowance for doubtful accounts the registrants each establish an allowance for doubtful accounts based on historical losses and their respective management's assessment of existing economic conditions, customer trends, and other factors. the allowance for doubtful accounts for dte electric and dte gas is calculated using the aging approach that utilizes rates developed in reserve studies and applies these factors to past due receivable balances. the registrants believe the allowance for doubtful accounts is based on reasonable estimates.
asset impairments goodwill certain of dte energy's reporting units have goodwill or allocated goodwill resulting from business combinations. dte energy performs an impairment test for each of the reporting units with goodwill annually or whenever events or circumstances indicate that the value of goodwill may be impaired.
in performing step 1 of the impairment test, dte energy compares the fair value of the reporting unit to its carrying value including goodwill. if the carrying value including goodwill were to exceed the fair value of a reporting unit, step 2 of the test would be performed. step 2 of the impairment test requires the carrying value of goodwill to be reduced to its fair value, if lower, as of the test date.
for step 1 of the test, dte energy estimates the reporting unit's fair value using standard valuation techniques, including techniques which use estimates of projected future results and cash flows to be generated by the reporting unit. such techniques generally include a terminal value that utilizes an earnings multiple approach, which incorporates the current market values of comparable entities. these cash flow valuations involve a number of estimates that require broad assumptions and significant judgment by management regarding future performance. dte energy also employs market-based valuation techniques to test the reasonableness of the indications of value for the reporting units determined under the cash flow technique.
dte energy performs an annual impairment test each october. in between annual tests, dte energy monitors its estimates and assumptions regarding estimated future cash flows, including the impact of movements in market indicators in future quarters, and will update the impairment analyses if a triggering event occurs. while dte energy believes the assumptions are reasonable, actual results may differ from projections. to the extent projected results or cash flows are revised downward, the reporting unit may be required to write down all or a portion of its goodwill, which would adversely impact dte energy's earnings.
dte energy performed its annual impairment test as of october 1, 2015 and determined that the estimated fair value of each reporting unit exceeded its carrying value, and no impairment existed. as part of the annual impairment test, dte energy also compared the aggregate fair value of the reporting units to its overall market capitalization. the implied premium of the aggregate fair value over market capitalization is likely attributable to an acquisition control premium (the price in excess of a stock's market price that investors typically pay to gain control of an entity).
reporting unit                                    goodwill          fair value reduction % (a)         discount rate   terminal multiple (b)   valuation methodology (c)
(a)   percentage by which the fair value of equity of the reporting unit would need to decline to equal its carrying value, including goodwill.
(b)   multiple of enterprise value (sum of debt plus equity value) to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization (ebitda).
(c)   discounted cash flows (dcf) incorporated 2016-2020 projected cash flows plus a calculated terminal value.
(d)   power and industrial projects excludes the biomass reporting unit, as this unit has no allocated goodwill.
(e)   asset sales were assumed, except for power and industrial projects' reduced emissions fuels projects, which assumed stock sales.
(f)   due to lack of market comparable information for energy trading, dte energy capitalized the terminal year cash flows at the weighted average cost of capital (wacc) in lieu of applying a terminal ebitda multiple.
dte energy identified a goodwill impairment test trigger for its power and industrial projects reporting unit during the fourth quarter of 2015. the trigger related to the closure of the shenango coke battery plant and the testing for recoverability of the long-lived asset for another coke battery in response to a sharp downturn in the north american steel industry. accordingly, dte energy performed an interim goodwill impairment test for the power and industrial projects reporting unit as of november 30, 2015 using updated cash flow and discount rate assumptions. as compared to the annual test, the interim valuation was negatively impacted by the projected lower value expected to be realized from dte energy's steel-related projects during 2016 and a higher discount rate. the fair value reduction percentage decreased from 23% to 16%. the fair value of the reporting unit exceeded its carrying value including goodwill. therefore, the reporting unit passed step 1 of the impairment test. no other triggers were identified during the fourth quarter of 2015. in 2016, dte energy will continue to monitor the north american steel industry for other events that may indicate the fair value of goodwill is below the carrying value of the power and industrial projects reporting unit.
long-lived assets the registrants evaluate the carrying value of long-lived assets, excluding goodwill, when circumstances indicate that the carrying value of those assets may not be recoverable. conditions that could have an adverse impact on the cash flows and fair value of the long-lived assets are deteriorating business climate, condition of the asset, or plans to dispose of the asset before the end of its useful life. the review of long-lived assets for impairment requires significant assumptions about operating strategies and estimates of future cash flows, which require assessments of current and projected market conditions. an impairment evaluation is based on an undiscounted cash flow analysis at the lowest level for which independent cash flows of long-lived assets can be identified from other groups of assets and liabilities. impairment may occur when the carrying value of the asset exceeds the future undiscounted cash flows. when the undiscounted cash flow analysis indicates a long-lived asset is not recoverable, the amount of the impairment loss is determined by measuring the excess of the long-lived asset over its fair value. an impairment would require the registrants to reduce both the long-lived asset and current period earnings by the amount of the impairment, which would adversely impact their earnings.
during the fourth quarter of 2015, dte energy announced the closure of the shenango coke battery plant. as a result of the closure, long-lived assets with a carrying value of $96 million were fully impaired.
in connection with the closure of the shenango coke battery plant, dte energy reviewed another coke battery asset for events and circumstances that indicate the long-lived asset, of approximately $108 million, within the power and industrial projects reporting unit might be impaired. however, dte energy's estimate of undiscounted cash flows indicated that such carrying amounts were expected to be recovered. dte energy will continue to monitor the assumptions used in this analysis. further deterioration of the steel industry could lead to a future impairment of the asset.
pension and other postretirement costs dte energy sponsors defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans for eligible employees of the registrants. the measurement of the plan obligations and cost of providing benefits under these plans involve various factors, including numerous assumptions and accounting elections. when determining the various assumptions that are required, dte energy considers historical information as well as future expectations. the benefit costs are affected by, among other things, the actual rate of return on plan assets, the long-term expected return on plan assets, the discount rate applied to benefit obligations, the incidence of mortality, the expected remaining service period of plan participants, level of compensation and rate of compensation increases, employee age, length of service, the anticipated rate of increase of health care costs, benefit plan design changes, and the level of benefits provided to employees and retirees. pension and other postretirement benefit costs attributed to the segments are included with labor costs and ultimately allocated to projects within the segments, some of which are capitalized.
dte energy had pension costs of $221 million in 2015, $179 million in 2014, and $228 million in 2013. other postretirement benefit credits were $99 million in 2015, $123 million in 2014, and $42 million in 2013. pension and other postretirement benefit credits for 2015 are calculated based upon a number of actuarial assumptions, including an expected long-term rate of return on plan assets of 7.75% for the pension plans and 8.00% for the other postretirement benefit plans. in developing the expected long-term rate of return assumptions, dte energy evaluated asset class risk and return expectations, as well as inflation assumptions. projected returns are based on broad equity, bond, and other markets. dte energy's 2016 expected long-term rate of return on pension plan assets is based on an asset allocation assumption utilizing active investment management of 47% in equity markets, 25% in fixed income markets, including long duration bonds, and 28% invested in other assets. dte energy's 2016 expected long-term rate of return on other postretirement plan assets is based on an asset allocation assumption utilizing active investment management of 41% in equity markets, 25% in fixed income markets, and 34% invested in other assets. because of market volatility, dte energy periodically reviews the asset allocation and rebalances the portfolio when considered appropriate. given market conditions and financial market risk considerations, dte energy is maintaining its long-term rate of return assumptions for the pension plans and the other postretirement plans at 7.75% and 8.00%, respectively, for 2016. dte energy believes these rates are reasonable assumptions for the long-term rate of return on the plan assets for 2016 given its investment strategy. dte energy will continue to evaluate the actuarial assumptions, including its expected rate of return, at least annually.
dte energy calculates the expected return on pension and other postretirement benefit plan assets by multiplying the expected return on plan assets by the market-related value (mrv) of plan assets at the beginning of the year, taking into consideration anticipated contributions and benefit payments that are to be made during the year. current accounting rules provide that the mrv of plan assets can be either fair value or a calculated value that recognizes changes in fair value in a systematic and rational manner over not more than five years. for the pension plans, dte energy uses a calculated value when determining the mrv of the pension plan assets and recognizes changes in fair value over a three-year period. accordingly, the future value of assets will be impacted as previously deferred gains or losses are recognized. financial markets in 2015 detracted from dte energy's investment performance resulting in unrecognized net losses. as of december 31, 2015, dte energy had $175 million of cumulative losses that remain to be recognized in the calculation of the mrv of pension assets related to investment performance in 2015 and 2014. for the other postretirement benefit plans, dte energy uses fair value when determining the mrv of other postretirement benefit plan assets, therefore all investment gains and losses have been recognized in the calculation of mrv for these plans.
the discount rate that dte energy utilizes for determining future pension and other postretirement benefit obligations is based on a yield curve approach and a review of bonds that receive one of the two highest ratings given by a recognized rating agency. the yield curve approach matches projected pension plan and other postretirement benefit payment streams with bond portfolios reflecting actual liability duration unique to the plans. the discount rate determined on this basis was 4.50% for the pension plans and 4.50% for the other postretirement plans at december 31, 2015 compared to 4.12% for the pension plans and 4.10% for the other postretirement plans at december 31, 2014.
the mortality assumptions that dte energy used to determine the pension and other postretirement benefit obligations as of december 31, 2015, were updated to incorporate the mp-2015 generational projection scale issued by the society of actuaries in 2015. the mortality assumptions used at december 31, 2015 are the rp-2014 mortality table, with variations by type of plan and participant's union status and employment status, projected back to 2006 using scale mp-2014 and projected forward using scale mp-2015.
dte energy estimates that the 2016 total pension costs will approximate $175 million compared to $221 million in 2015, primarily due to higher discount rates and changes to the mortality tables, partially offset by less than expected 2015 returns. the 2016 other postretirement benefit credit will approximate $110 million compared to $99 million in 2015 due to higher discount rate, changes to the mortality tables, and favorable retiree medical utilization trends, partially offset by lower than expected financial market returns.
the health care trend rates for dte energy assume 6.25% for pre-65 participants and 6.75% for post-65 participants for 2016, trending down to 4.50% for both pre-65 and post-65 participants in 2027.
future actual pension and other postretirement benefit costs (credits) will depend on future investment performance, changes in future discount rates, and various other factors related to plan design.
lowering the expected long-term rate of return on the plan assets by one percentage point would have increased the 2015 pension costs by approximately $38 million. lowering the discount rate and the salary increase assumptions by one percentage point would have increased the 2015 pension costs by approximately $21 million. lowering the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets by one percentage point would have decreased the 2015 other postretirement credit by approximately $15 million. lowering the discount rate assumption by one percentage point would have decreased the 2015 other postretirement credit by approximately $27 million. lowering the health care cost trend assumptions by one percentage point would have increased the other postretirement credit for 2015 by approximately $6 million.
the value of the qualified pension and other postretirement benefit plan assets was $5.4 billion at december 31, 2015 and $5.5 billion at december 31, 2014. at december 31, 2015, dte energy's qualified pension plans were underfunded by $1 billion and its other postretirement benefit plans were underfunded by $230 million. the 2015 funding levels generally increased due to increased discount rates, a change in the mortality tables, and plan sponsor contributions, partially offset by lower than expected financial market returns.
pension and other postretirement costs and pension cash funding requirements may increase in future years without typical returns in the financial markets. dte energy made contributions to its qualified pension plans of $177 million in 2015 and $188 million in 2014. at the discretion of management, consistent with the pension protection act of 2006, and depending upon financial market conditions, dte energy anticipates making contributions to its qualified pension plans of up to $180 million in 2016 and up to $960 million over the next five years. dte energy made other postretirement benefit plan contributions of $199 million in 2015 and $24 million in 2014. dte energy is required by orders issued by the mpsc to make other postretirement benefit contributions at least equal to the amounts included in the utilities' base rates. as a result, dte energy anticipates making up to $20 million of contributions to its other postretirement plans in 2016 and over the next five years. the planned contributions will be made in cash or a combination of cash and dte energy common stock.
see note 18 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report, "retirement benefits and trusteed assets".
legal reserves the registrants are involved in various legal proceedings, claims, and litigation arising in the ordinary course of business. the registrants regularly assess their liabilities and contingencies in connection with asserted or potential matters, and establish reserves when appropriate. legal reserves are based upon the registrants' management's assessment of pending and threatened legal proceedings and claims against the registrants.
accounting for tax obligations the registrants are required to make judgments regarding the potential tax effects of various financial transactions and results of operations in order to estimate their obligations to taxing authorities. the registrants account for uncertain income tax positions using a benefit recognition model with a two-step approach, a more-likely-than-not recognition criterion, and a measurement attribute that measures the position as the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. if the benefit does not meet the more likely than not criteria for being sustained on its technical merits, no benefit will be recorded. uncertain tax positions that relate only to timing of when an item is included on a tax return are considered to have met the recognition threshold. the registrants also have non-income tax obligations related to property, sales and use, and employment-related taxes, and ongoing appeals related to these tax matters.
accounting for tax obligations requires judgments, including assessing whether tax benefits are more likely than not to be sustained, and estimating reserves for potential adverse outcomes regarding tax positions that have been taken. the registrants also assess their ability to utilize tax attributes, including those in the form of carry-forwards, for which the benefits have already been reflected in the consolidated financial statements. the registrants believe the resulting tax reserve balances as of december 31, 2015 and 2014 are appropriate. the ultimate outcome of such matters could result in favorable or unfavorable adjustments to the registrants' consolidated financial statements, and such adjustments could be material.
see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report, "income taxes".
new accounting pronouncements see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report, "new accounting pronouncements".
fair value derivatives are generally recorded at fair value and shown as derivative assets or liabilities. contracts dte energy typically classifies as derivative instruments include power, natural gas, oil, and certain coal forwards, futures, options and swaps, and foreign currency exchange contracts. items dte energy does not generally account for as derivatives include natural gas inventory, pipeline transportation contracts, renewable energy credits, and storage assets. see notes 11 and 12 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report, "fair value" and "financial and other derivative instruments", respectively.
the tables below do not include the expected earnings impact of non-derivative natural gas storage, transportation, certain power contracts, and renewable energy credits which are subject to accrual accounting. consequently, gains and losses from these positions may not match with the related physical and financial hedging instruments in some reporting periods, resulting in volatility in the registrants' reported period-by-period earnings; however, the financial impact of the timing differences will reverse at the time of physical delivery and/or settlement.
the registrants manage their mtm risk on a portfolio basis based upon the delivery period of their contracts and the individual components of the risks within each contract. accordingly, the registrants record and manage the energy purchase and sale obligations under their contracts in separate components based on the commodity (e.g. electricity or natural gas), the product (e.g. electricity for delivery during peak or off-peak hours), the delivery location (e.g. by region), the risk profile (e.g. forward or option), and the delivery period (e.g. by month and year).
the registrants have established a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value in three broad levels. the fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (level 3). for further discussion of the fair value hierarchy, see note 11 to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report, "fair value".
the following tables provide details on changes in the registrants' mtm net asset (or liability) position during 2015:
changes in fair value recorded to income                           (28      )
changes in fair value recorded in regulatory liabilities            12
change in collateral held by (for) others                           16
option premiums paid (received) and other                           (2      )
the table below shows the maturity of the registrants' mtm positions. the positions from 2019 and beyond principally represent longer tenor gas structured transactions:
source of fair value                           2016              2017            2018            2019 and beyond           total fair value
mtm before collateral adjustments           $49           $(1       )          $4                   $(46       )                  6