item 1a. risk factorsin addition to other disclosures within this form 10-k, including management's discussion and analysis - matters impacting future results for each registrant in item 7, and other documents filed with the sec from time to time, the following factors should be considered in evaluating duke energy and its subsidiaries. such factors could affect actual results of operations and cause results to differ substantially from those currently expected or sought. unless otherwise indicated, risk factors discussed below generally relate to risks associated with all of the duke energy registrants. risks identified at the subsidiary registrant level are generally applicable to duke energy.
duke energy may be unable to obtain the approvals required to complete its acquisition of piedmont or, in order to do so, the combined company may be required to comply with material restrictions or conditions.
on october 24, 2015, duke energy entered into a merger agreement with piedmont. for the acquisition to be completed, various approvals must be obtained from state utility and regulatory authorities. these governmental authorities may impose conditions on the completion, or require changes to the terms, of the transaction, including restrictions or conditions on the business, operations, or financial performance of the combined company following completion of the transaction. these conditions or changes could have the effect of delaying completion of the acquisition or imposing additional costs on or limiting the revenues of the combined company following the transaction, which could have a material adverse effect on the financial position, results of operations or cash flows of the combined company and/or cause either duke energy or piedmont to abandon the transaction.
if completed, duke energy's acquisition of piedmont may not achieve its intended results.
duke energy and piedmont entered into the merger agreement with the expectation that the transaction would result in various benefits, including, among other things, being accretive to earnings and foundational to establishing a broader gas infrastructure business within duke energy. achieving the anticipated benefits of the transaction is subject to a number of uncertainties, including whether the business of piedmont is integrated in an efficient and effective manner. failure to achieve these anticipated benefits could result in increased costs; decreases in the amount of expected revenues generated by the combined company and diversion of management's time and energy, all of which could have an adverse effect on the combined company's financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
failure to complete the transaction with piedmont could negatively impact duke energy's stock price and duke energy's future business and financial results.
if duke energy's acquisition of piedmont is not completed, duke energy's ongoing business and financial results may be adversely affected and duke energy will be subject to a number of risks, including the following:
•   execution of duke energy's acquisition of piedmont (including integration planning) may require substantial commitments of time and resources by our management, which could otherwise have been devoted to other opportunities that may have been beneficial to duke energy.
part i duke energy could also be subject to litigation related to any failure to complete the transaction with piedmont. if the transaction is not completed, these risks may materialize and may adversely affect duke energy's financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
regulatory, legislative and legal risks the duke energy registrants' regulated electric revenues, earnings and results are dependent on state legislation and regulation that affect electric generation, transmission, distribution and related activities, which may limit their ability to recover costs.
the duke energy registrants' regulated utility businesses are regulated on a cost-of-service/rate-of-return basis subject to statutes and regulatory commission rules and procedures of north carolina, south carolina, florida, ohio, indiana and kentucky. if the duke energy registrants' regulated utility earnings exceed the returns established by the state utility commissions, retail electric rates may be subject to review and possible reduction by the commissions, which may decrease the duke energy registrants' future earnings. additionally, if regulatory bodies do not allow recovery of costs incurred in providing service on a timely basis, the duke energy registrants' future earnings could be negatively impacted.
if legislative and regulatory structures were to evolve in such a way that the duke energy registrants' exclusive rights to serve their regulated customers were eroded, their future earnings could be negatively impacted. in addition, federal and state regulations, laws and other efforts designed to promote and expand the use of energy efficiency measures and distributed generation technologies, such as rooftop solar and battery storage, in duke energy service territories could result in customers leaving the electric distribution system and an increased customer net energy metering, which allows customers with rooftop solar to receive bill credits for surplus power at the full retail amount. over time, customer adoption of these technologies and increased energy efficiency could result in excess generation resources as well as stranded costs if the company is not able to fully recover the costs and investment in generation.
deregulation or restructuring in the electric industry may result in increased competition and unrecovered costs that could adversely affect the duke energy registrants' financial position, results of operations or cash flows and their utility businesses.
increased competition resulting from deregulation or restructuring legislation could have a significant adverse impact on the duke energy registrants' results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. retail competition and the unbundling of regulated electric service could have a significant adverse financial impact on the duke energy registrants due to an impairment of assets, a loss of retail customers, lower profit margins or increased costs of capital. the duke energy registrants cannot predict the extent and timing of entry by additional competitors into the electric markets. the duke energy registrants cannot predict if or when they will be subject to changes in legislation or regulation, nor can they predict the impact of these changes on their financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
the duke energy registrants are subject to regulation by ferc, nrc, epa and various other federal agencies as well as the north american electric reliability corporation. regulation affects almost every aspect of the duke energy registrants' businesses, including, among other things, their ability to: take fundamental business management actions; determine the terms and rates of transmission and distribution services; make acquisitions; issue equity or debt securities; engage in transactions with other subsidiaries and affiliates; and pay dividends upstream to the duke energy registrants. changes to federal regulations are continuous and ongoing. the duke energy registrants cannot predict the future course of regulatory changes or the ultimate effect those changes will have on their businesses. however, changes in regulation can cause delays in or affect business planning and transactions and can substantially increase the duke energy registrants' costs.
the dan river ash basin release could impact the reputation and financial condition of the duke energy registrants.
there is uncertainty regarding the extent and timing of future additional costs and liabilities related to the dan river ash basin release, including the amount and extent of any pending or future civil penalties and resulting litigation. these uncertainties are likely to continue for an extended period and may further increase costs. thus, the dan river ash basin release could have an adverse impact on the reputation of the duke energy registrants and their financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
the duke energy registrants are subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations requiring significant capital expenditures that can increase the cost of operations, and which may impact or limit business plans, or cause exposure to environmental liabilities.
the duke energy registrants are subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations affecting many aspects of their present and future operations, including ccrs, air emissions, water quality, wastewater discharges, solid waste and hazardous waste. these laws and regulations can result in increased capital, operating and other costs. these laws and regulations generally require the duke energy registrants to obtain and comply with a wide variety of environmental licenses, permits, inspections and other approvals. compliance with environmental laws and regulations can require significant expenditures, including expenditures for cleanup costs and damages arising from contaminated properties. failure to comply with environmental regulations may result in the imposition of fines, penalties and injunctive measures affecting operating assets. the steps the duke energy registrants could be required to take to ensure their facilities are in compliance could be prohibitively expensive. as a result, the duke energy registrants may be required to shut down or alter the operation of their facilities, which may cause the duke energy registrants to incur losses. further, the duke energy registrants may not be successful in recovering capital and operating costs incurred to comply with new environmental regulations through existing regulatory rate structures and their contracts with customers. also, the duke energy registrants may not be able to obtain or maintain from time to time all required environmental regulatory approvals for their operating assets or development projects. delays in obtaining any required environmental regulatory approvals, failure to obtain and comply with them or changes in environmental laws or regulations to more stringent compliance levels could result in additional costs of operation for existing facilities or development of new facilities being prevented, delayed or subject to additional costs. although it is not expected that the costs to comply with current environmental regulations will have a material adverse effect on the duke energy registrants' financial position, results of operations or cash flows due to regulatory cost recovery, the duke energy registrants are at risk that the costs of complying with environmental regulations in the future will have such an effect.
part i the epa has recently enacted or proposed new federal regulations governing the management of cooling water intake structures, wastewater and co2 emissions. these regulations may require the duke energy registrants to make additional capital expenditures and increase operating and maintenance costs.
duke energy's investments and projects located outside of the u.s. expose it to risks related to the laws, taxes, economic and political conditions, and policies of foreign governments. these risks may delay or reduce duke energy's realization of value from its international projects.
duke energy currently owns and may acquire and/or dispose of material energy-related investments and projects outside the u.s. the economic, regulatory, market and political conditions in some of the countries where duke energy has interests may impact its ability to obtain financing on suitable terms. other risks relate to its customers' ability to honor their obligations with respect to projects and investments, delays in construction, limitations on its ability to enforce legal rights, and interruption of business, as well as risks of war, expropriation, nationalization, renegotiation, trade sanctions or nullification of existing contracts and changes in law, regulations, market rules or tax policy.
operational risks the duke energy registrants' results of operations may be negatively affected by overall market, economic and other conditions that are beyond their control.
sustained downturns or sluggishness in the economy generally affect the markets in which the duke energy registrants operate and negatively influence electricity operations. declines in demand for electricity as a result of economic downturns in the duke energy registrants' regulated electric service territories will reduce overall sales and lessen cash flows, especially as industrial customers reduce production and, therefore, consumption of electricity. although the duke energy registrants' regulated electric business is subject to regulated allowable rates of return and recovery of certain costs, such as fuel, under periodic adjustment clauses, overall declines in electricity sold as a result of economic downturn or recession could reduce revenues and cash flows, thereby diminishing results of operations. additionally, prolonged economic downturns that negatively impact the duke energy registrants' results of operations and cash flows could result in future material impairment charges to write-down the carrying value of certain assets, including goodwill, to their respective fair values.
the duke energy registrants also sell electricity into the spot market or other competitive power markets on a contractual basis. with respect to such transactions, the duke energy registrants are not guaranteed any rate of return on their capital investments through mandated rates, and revenues and results of operations are likely to depend, in large part, upon prevailing market prices. these market prices may fluctuate substantially over relatively short periods of time and could reduce the duke energy registrants' revenues and margins, thereby diminishing results of operations.
factors that could impact sales volumes, generation of electricity and market prices at which the duke energy registrants are able to sell electricity are as follows:
•   weather conditions, including abnormally mild winter or summer weather that cause lower energy usage for heating or cooling purposes, respectively, and periods of low rainfall that decrease the ability to operate facilities in an economical manner;
•   supply of and demand for energy commodities;
•   availability of competitively priced alternative energy sources, which are preferred by some customers over electricity produced from coal, nuclear or gas plants, and customer usage of energy efficient equipment that reduces energy demand;
•   ability to procure satisfactory levels of inventory, such as coal, gas and uranium; and
•   capacity and transmission service into, or out of, the duke energy registrants' markets.
natural disasters (such as electromagnetic events or the 2011 earthquake and tsunami in japan) or other operational accidents within the company or industry (such as the san bruno, california natural gas transmission pipeline failure) could have direct significant impacts on the duke energy registrants as well as on key contractors and suppliers. such events could indirectly impact the duke energy registrants through changes to policies, laws and regulations whose compliance costs have a significant impact on the duke energy registrants' financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
the reputation and financial condition of the duke energy registrants could be negatively impacted due to their obligations to comply with federal and state regulations, laws, and other legal requirements that govern the operations, assessments, storage, closure, remediation, disposal, and monitoring relating to coal combustion residuals (ccr), the high costs and new rate impacts associated with implementing these new ccr-related requirements, and the strategies and methods necessary to implement these requirements in compliance with these legal obligations.
as a result of electricity produced for decades at coal-fired power plants, the duke energy registrants manage large amounts of ccr that are primarily stored in dry storage within landfills or combined with water in other surface impoundments, all in compliance with applicable regulatory requirements. however, the potential exists for another ccr-related incident, such as the one that occurred during the 2014 dan river steam station basin release, that could raise environmental or general public health concerns. such a ccr-related incident could have a material adverse impact on the reputation and financial condition of the duke energy registrants.
part i during 2015, epa regulations were enacted related to the management of ccr from power plants. these regulations classify ccr as nonhazardous waste under the rcra, and apply to electric generating sites with new and existing landfills, new and existing surface impoundments, structural fills and ccr piles, and establishes requirements regarding landfill design, structural integrity design and assessment criteria for surface impoundments, groundwater monitoring and protection procedures, and other operational and reporting procedures for the disposal and management of ccr. in addition to the federal regulations, ccr landfills and surface impoundments will continue to be independently regulated by existing state laws, regulations, and permits, as well as additional legal requirements that may be imposed in the future. these federal and state laws, regulations, and other legal requirements may require or result in additional expenditures, increased operating and maintenance costs, and/or result in closure of certain power generating facilities, which could affect the financial position, results of operations and cash flows of the duke energy registrants. the duke energy registrants intend to seek full cost recovery for expenditures through the normal ratemaking process with state and federal utility commissions, who permit recovery in rates of necessary and prudently incurred costs associated with the duke energy registrants' regulated operations, and through other wholesale contracts with terms that contemplate recovery of such costs, although there is no guarantee of full cost recovery. in addition, the timing for recovery of such costs could have a material adverse impact on duke energy's cash flows.
the duke energy registrants have recognized significant asset retirement obligations related to these ccr-related requirements. in 2015, closure activities began at the four sites specified as high priority by the north carolina coal ash management act (coal ash act) and at the w.s. lee steam station site in south carolina in connection with other legal requirements. excavation at these sites involves movement of large amounts of ccr materials to offsite locations for use as structural fill and to offsite or onsite lined landfills. at other sites, preliminary planning and closure methods have been studied and factored into the estimated retirement and management costs. coal ash act requires ccr surface impoundments in north carolina to be closed, with the closure method based on a risk ranking classification determined by state regulators and the north carolina coal ash commission. other than the high priority sites specifically delineated by coal ash act, the north carolina department of environmental quality (ncdeq) has issued either preliminary draft risk rankings or has yet to designate specific risk classifications. these proposed risk rankings remain subject to a public comment period, including public meetings, followed by a final risk ranking recommendation by the ncdeq to the coal ash commission, for the coal ash commission's final approval. as the closure and ccr management work progresses, final risk ranking classifications of surface impoundments in north carolina are delineated, and final closure plans are developed and approved at each site, the scope and complexity of work and the amount of ccr material could be greater than estimates and could, therefore, materially increase compliance expenditures and rate impacts.
the duke energy registrants' financial position, results of operations and cash flows may be negatively affected by a lack of growth or slower growth in the number of customers, or decline in customer demand or number of customers.
growth in customer accounts and growth of customer usage each directly influence demand for electricity and the need for additional power generation and delivery facilities. customer growth and customer usage are affected by a number of factors outside the control of the duke energy registrants, such as mandated energy efficiency measures, demand-side management goals, distributed generation resources and economic and demographic conditions, such as population changes, job and income growth, housing starts, new business formation and the overall level of economic activity.
certain regulatory and legislative bodies have introduced or are considering requirements and/or incentives to reduce energy consumption by certain dates. additionally, technological advances driven by federal laws mandating new levels of energy efficiency in end-use electric devices or other improvements in or applications of technology could lead to declines in per capita energy consumption.
advances in distributed generation technologies that produce power, including fuel cells, micro-turbines, wind turbines and solar cells, may reduce the cost of alternative methods of producing power to a level competitive with central power station electric production utilized by the duke energy registrants.
some or all of these factors, could result in a lack of growth or decline in customer demand for electricity or number of customers, and may cause the failure of the duke energy registrants to fully realize anticipated benefits from significant capital investments and expenditures which could have a material adverse effect on their financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
the duke energy registrants' operating results may fluctuate on a seasonal and quarterly basis and can be negatively affected by changes in weather conditions and severe weather.
electric power generation is generally a seasonal business. in most parts of the u.s., and other markets in which duke energy operates, demand for power peaks during the warmer summer months, with market prices typically peaking at that time. in other areas, demand for power peaks during the winter. further, extreme weather conditions such as heat waves or winter storms could cause these seasonal fluctuations to be more pronounced. as a result, in the future, the overall operating results of the duke energy registrants' businesses may fluctuate substantially on a seasonal and quarterly basis and thus make period-to-period comparison less relevant.
sustained severe drought conditions could impact generation by hydroelectric plants, as well as fossil and nuclear plant operations, as these facilities use water for cooling purposes and for the operation of environmental compliance equipment. furthermore, destruction caused by severe weather events, such as hurricanes, tornadoes, severe thunderstorms, snow and ice storms, can result in lost operating revenues due to outages; property damage, including downed transmission and distribution lines; and additional and unexpected expenses to mitigate storm damage. the cost of storm restoration efforts may not be fully recoverable through the regulatory process.
the duke energy registrants depend on transmission and distribution facilities owned and operated by utilities and other energy companies to deliver electricity sold to the wholesale market. ferc's power transmission regulations, as well as those of duke energy's international markets, require wholesale electric transmission services to be offered on an open-access, non-discriminatory basis. if transmission is disrupted, or if transmission capacity is inadequate, the duke energy registrants' ability to sell and deliver products may be hindered.
the different regional power markets have changing regulatory structures, which could affect growth and performance in these regions. in addition, the isos who oversee the transmission systems in regional power markets have imposed in the past, and may impose in the future, price limitations and other mechanisms to address volatility in the power markets. these types of price limitations and other mechanisms may adversely impact the profitability of the duke energy registrants' wholesale power marketing business.
fluctuations in commodity prices or availability may adversely affect various aspects of the duke energy registrants' operations as well as their financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the duke energy registrants are exposed to the effects of market fluctuations in the price of natural gas, coal, fuel oil, nuclear fuel, electricity and other energy-related commodities as a result of their ownership of energy-related assets. fuel costs are recovered primarily through cost-recovery clauses, subject to the approval of state utility commissions.
additionally, the duke energy registrants are exposed to risk that counterparties will not be able to fulfill their obligations. disruption in the delivery of fuel, including disruptions as a result of, among other things, transportation delays, weather, labor relations, force majeure events, or environmental regulations affecting any of these fuel suppliers, could limit the duke energy registrants to operate their facilities. should counterparties fail to perform, the duke energy registrants might be forced to replace the underlying commitment at prevailing market prices possibly resulting in losses in addition to the amounts, if any, already paid to the counterparties.
certain of the duke energy registrants' hedge agreements may result in the receipt of, or posting of, derivative collateral with counterparties, depending on the daily derivative position. fluctuations in commodity prices that lead to the return of collateral received and/or the posting of collateral with counterparties negatively impact liquidity. downgrades in the duke energy registrants' credit ratings could lead to additional collateral posting requirements. the duke energy registrants continually monitor derivative positions in relation to market price activity.
potential terrorist activities or military or other actions could adversely affect the duke energy registrants' businesses.
the continued threat of terrorism and the impact of retaliatory military and other action by the u.s. and its allies may lead to increased political, economic and financial market instability and volatility in prices for natural gas and oil, which may have material adverse effects in ways the duke energy registrants cannot predict at this time. in addition, future acts of terrorism and possible reprisals as a consequence of action by the u.s. and its allies could be directed against companies operating in the u.s. or their international affiliates. information technology systems, transmission and distribution and generation facilities such as nuclear plants could be potential targets of terrorist activities or harmful activities by individuals or groups. the potential for terrorism has subjected the duke energy registrants' operations to increased risks and could have a material adverse effect on their businesses. in particular, the duke energy registrants may experience increased capital and operating costs to implement increased security for their information technology systems, transmission and distribution and generation facilities, including nuclear power plants under the nrc's design basis threat requirements. these increased costs could include additional physical plant security and security personnel or additional capability following a terrorist incident.
cyberattacks and data security breaches could adversely affect the duke energy registrants' businesses.
information security risks have generally increased in recent years as a result of the proliferation of new technologies and the increased sophistication and frequency of cyberattacks and data security breaches. the utility industry requires the continued operation of sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure, which are part of an interconnected regional grid. additionally, connectivity to the internet continues to increase through smart grid and other initiatives. because of the critical nature of the infrastructure, increased connectivity to the internet and technology systems' inherent vulnerability to disability or failures due to hacking, viruses, acts of war or terrorism or other types of data security breaches, the duke energy registrants face a heightened risk of cyberattack. in the event of such an attack, the duke energy registrants could (i) have business operations disrupted, property damaged, customer information stolen and other private information accessed (ii) experience substantial loss of revenues, repair and restoration costs, implementation costs for additional security measures to avert future cyberattacks and other financial loss, and (iii) be subject to increased regulation, litigation and reputational damage.
certain events, such as an aging workforce, mismatch of skill set or complement to future needs, or unavailability of contract resources may lead to operating challenges and increased costs. the challenges include lack of resources, loss of knowledge base and the lengthy time required for skill development. in this case, costs, including costs for contractors to replace employees, productivity costs and safety costs, may rise. failure to hire and adequately train replacement employees, including the transfer of significant internal historical knowledge and expertise to new employees, or future availability and cost of contract labor may adversely affect the ability to manage and operate the business, especially considering the workforce needs associated with nuclear generation facilities and new skills required to operate a modernized, technology-enabled power grid. if the duke energy registrants are unable to successfully attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce, their financial position or results of operations could be negatively affected.
part i duke energy's investments and projects located outside of the u.s. expose it to risks related to fluctuations in currency rates. these risks, and duke energy's activities to mitigate such risks, may adversely affect its cash flows and results of operations.
duke energy's operations and investments outside the u.s. expose it to risks related to fluctuations in currency rates. as each local currency's value changes relative to the u.s. dollar, the value in u.s. dollars of duke energy's assets and liabilities in such locality and the cash flows generated in such locality, expressed in u.s. dollars, also change. duke energy's primary foreign currency rate exposure is to the brazilian real.
duke energy selectively mitigates some risks associated with foreign currency fluctuations by, among other things, indexing contracts to the u.s. dollar and/or local inflation rates, hedging through debt denominated or issued in the foreign currency and hedging through foreign currency derivatives. these efforts, however, may not be effective and, in some cases, may expose duke energy to other risks that could negatively affect its cash flows and results of operations.
the costs of retiring duke energy florida's crystal river unit 3 could prove to be more extensive than is currently identified.
costs to retire and decommission the plant could exceed estimates and, if not recoverable through the regulatory process, could adversely affect duke energy's, progress energy's and duke energy florida's financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
duke energy ohio's and duke energy indiana's membership in an rto presents risks that could have a material adverse effect on their results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
the rules governing the various regional power markets may change, which could affect duke energy ohio's and duke energy indiana's costs and/or revenues. to the degree duke energy ohio and duke energy indiana incur significant additional fees and increased costs to participate in an rto, their results of operations may be impacted. duke energy ohio and duke energy indiana may be allocated a portion of the cost of transmission facilities built by others due to changes in rto transmission rate design. duke energy ohio and duke energy indiana may be required to expand their transmission system according to decisions made by an rto rather than their own internal planning process. while rto transmission rates were initially designed to be revenue neutral, various proposals and proceedings currently taking place by the ferc may cause transmission rates to change from time to time. in addition, rtos have been developing rules associated with the allocation and methodology of assigning costs associated with improved transmission reliability, reduced transmission congestion and firm transmission rights that may have a financial impact on duke energy ohio and duke energy indiana.
as members of an rto, duke energy ohio and duke energy indiana are subject to certain additional risks, including those associated with the allocation among rto members, of losses caused by unreimbursed defaults of other participants in the rto markets and those associated with complaint cases filed against an rto that may seek refunds of revenues previously earned by rto members.
nuclear generation risks duke energy carolinas, duke energy progress and duke energy florida may incur substantial costs and liabilities due to their ownership and operation of nuclear generating facilities.
ownership interest in and operation of nuclear stations by duke energy carolinas, duke energy progress and duke energy florida subject them to various risks. these risks include, among other things: the potential harmful effects on the environment and human health resulting from the operation of nuclear facilities and the storage, handling and disposal of radioactive materials; limitations on the amounts and types of insurance commercially available to cover losses that might arise in connection with nuclear operations; and uncertainties with respect to the technological and financial aspects of decommissioning nuclear plants at the end of their licensed lives.
ownership and operation of nuclear generation facilities requires compliance with licensing and safety-related requirements imposed by the nrc. in the event of non-compliance, the nrc may increase regulatory oversight, impose fines, and/or shut down a unit, depending upon its assessment of the severity of the situation. revised security and safety requirements promulgated by the nrc, which could be prompted by, among other things, events within or outside of the control of duke energy carolinas, duke energy progress and duke energy florida, such as a serious nuclear incident at a facility owned by a third party, could necessitate substantial capital and other expenditures, as well as assessments to cover third-party losses. in addition, if a serious nuclear incident were to occur, it could have a material adverse effect on the results of operations and financial condition and reputation of the duke energy registrants.
liquidity, capital requirements and common stock risks the duke energy registrants rely on access to short-term borrowings and longer-term capital markets to finance their capital requirements and support their liquidity needs. access to those markets can be adversely affected by a number of conditions, many of which are beyond the duke energy registrants' control.
the duke energy registrants' businesses are to a large degree financed through issuances of debt. the maturity and repayment profile of debt used to finance investments often does not correlate to cash flows from their assets. accordingly, as a source of liquidity for capital requirements not satisfied by the cash flow from their operations and to fund investments originally financed through debt instruments with disparate maturities, the duke energy registrants rely on access to short-term money markets as well as longer-term capital markets. the subsidiary registrants also rely on access to short-term intercompany borrowings. if the duke energy registrants are not able to access capital at competitive rates or at all, the ability to finance their operations and implement their strategy and business plan as scheduled could be adversely affected. an inability to access capital may limit the duke energy registrants' ability to pursue improvements or acquisitions that they may otherwise rely on for future growth.
part i market disruptions may increase the cost of borrowing or adversely affect the ability to access one or more financial markets. such disruptions could include: economic downturns, the bankruptcy of an unrelated energy company, capital market conditions generally, market prices for electricity and gas, actual or threatened terrorist attacks, or the overall health of the energy industry. the availability of credit under duke energy's master credit facility depends upon the ability of the banks providing commitments under the facility to provide funds when their obligations to do so arise. systematic risk of the banking system and the financial markets could prevent a bank from meeting its obligations under the facility agreement.
duke energy maintains a revolving credit facility to provide backup for its commercial paper program and letters of credit to support variable rate demand tax-exempt bonds that may be put to the duke energy registrant issuer at the option of the holder. the facility includes borrowing sublimits for the duke energy registrants, each of whom is a party to the credit facility, and financial covenants that limit the amount of debt that can be outstanding as a percentage of the total capital for the specific entity. failure to maintain these covenants at a particular entity could preclude duke energy from issuing commercial paper or the duke energy registrants from issuing letters of credit or borrowing under the master credit facility.
the duke energy registrants must meet credit quality standards and there is no assurance they will maintain investment grade credit ratings. if the duke energy registrants are unable to maintain investment grade credit ratings, they would be required under credit agreements to provide collateral in the form of letters of credit or cash, which may materially adversely affect their liquidity.
if the rating agencies were to rate the duke energy registrants below investment grade, borrowing costs would increase, perhaps significantly. in addition, the potential pool of investors and funding sources would likely decrease. further, if the short-term debt rating were to fall, access to the commercial paper market could be significantly limited.
a downgrade below investment grade could also require the posting of additional collateral in the form of letters of credit or cash under various credit, commodity and capacity agreements and trigger termination clauses in some interest rate derivative agreements, which would require cash payments. all of these events would likely reduce the duke energy registrants' liquidity and profitability and could have a material effect on their financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
non-compliance with debt covenants or conditions could adversely affect the duke energy registrants' ability to execute future borrowings.
the duke energy registrants' debt and credit agreements contain various financial and other covenants. failure to meet those covenants beyond applicable grace periods could result in accelerated due dates and/or termination of the agreements.
market performance and other changes may decrease the value of the ndtf investments of duke energy carolinas, duke energy progress and duke energy florida, which then could require significant additional funding.
ownership and operation of nuclear generation facilities also requires the maintenance of funded trusts that are intended to pay for the decommissioning costs of the respective nuclear power plants. the performance of the capital markets affects the values of the assets held in trust to satisfy these future obligations. duke energy carolinas, duke energy progress and duke energy florida have significant obligations in this area and hold significant assets in these trusts. these assets are subject to market fluctuations and will yield uncertain returns, which may fall below projected rates of return. although a number of factors impact funding requirements, a decline in the market value of the assets may increase the funding requirements of the obligations for decommissioning nuclear plants. if duke energy carolinas, duke energy progress and duke energy florida are unable to successfully manage their ndtf assets, their financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be negatively affected.
poor investment performance of the duke energy pension plan holdings and other factors impacting pension plan costs could unfavorably impact the duke energy registrants' liquidity and results of operations.
the costs of providing non-contributory defined benefit pension plans are dependent upon a number of factors, such as the rates of return on plan assets, discount rates, the level of interest rates used to measure the required minimum funding levels of the plans, future government regulation and required or voluntary contributions made to the plans. the subsidiary registrants are allocated their proportionate share of the cost and obligations related to these plans. without sustained growth in the pension investments over time to increase the value of plan assets and, depending upon the other factors impacting costs as listed above, duke energy could be required to fund its plans with significant amounts of cash. such cash funding obligations, and the subsidiary registrants' proportionate share of such cash funding obligations, could have a material impact on the duke energy registrants' financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operationsmanagement's discussion and analysis includes financial information prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (gaap) in the united states (u.s.), as well as certain non-gaap financial measures such as adjusted earnings, adjusted earnings per share and adjusted segment income, discussed below. generally, a non-gaap financial measure is a numerical measure of financial performance, financial position or cash flows that excludes (or includes) amounts that are included in (or excluded from) the most directly comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with gaap. the non-gaap financial measures should be viewed as a supplement to, and not a substitute for, financial measures presented in accordance with gaap. non-gaap measures as presented herein may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies.
the following combined management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is separately filed by duke energy corporation (collectively with its subsidiaries, duke energy) and its subsidiaries duke energy carolinas, llc (duke energy carolinas), progress energy, inc. (progress energy), duke energy progress, llc (formerly duke energy progress, inc.) (duke energy progress), duke energy florida, llc (formerly duke energy florida, inc.) (duke energy florida), duke energy ohio, inc. (duke energy ohio) and duke energy indiana, llc (formerly duke energy indiana, inc.) (duke energy indiana) (collectively referred to as the subsidiary registrants). however, none of the registrants makes any representation as to information related solely to duke energy or the subsidiary registrants of duke energy other than itself.
duke energy duke energy is an energy company headquartered in charlotte, north carolina. duke energy operates in the u.s. primarily through its wholly owned subsidiaries, duke energy carolinas, duke energy progress, duke energy florida, duke energy ohio, and duke energy indiana, as well as in latin america.
when discussing duke energy's consolidated financial information, it necessarily includes the results of the subsidiary registrants, which, along with duke energy, are collectively referred to as the duke energy registrants.
management's discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013.
executive overview acquisition of piedmont natural gas on october 24, 2015, duke energy entered into an agreement and plan of merger (merger agreement) with piedmont natural gas company, inc., (piedmont) a north carolina corporation. under the terms of the merger agreement, duke energy will acquire piedmont for approximately $4.9 billion in cash. upon closing, piedmont will become a wholly owned subsidiary of duke energy.
pursuant to the merger agreement, upon the closing of the merger, each share of piedmont common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the closing will be converted automatically into the right to receive $60 in cash per share. in addition, duke energy will assume piedmont's existing debt, which was approximately $1.9 billion at october 31, 2015, the end of piedmont's most recent fiscal year. duke energy expects to finance the transaction with a combination of debt, between $500 million and $750 million of newly issued equity and other cash sources.
in connection with the merger agreement with piedmont, duke energy entered into a $4.9 billion senior unsecured bridge financing facility (bridge facility) with barclays capital, inc. (barclays). the bridge facility, if drawn upon, may be used to (i) fund the cash consideration for the transaction and (ii) pay certain fees and expenses in connection with the transaction. in november 2015, barclays syndicated its commitment under the bridge facility to a broader group of lenders. duke energy intends to finance the transaction with proceeds raised through the issuance of debt, equity and other sources as noted above and, therefore, does not expect to draw upon the bridge facility.
the federal trade commission (ftc) has granted early termination of the 30-day waiting period under the federal hart-scott-rodino antitrust improvements act of 1976. on january 22, 2016, shareholders of piedmont natural gas approved the company's acquisition by duke energy. on january 15, 2016, duke energy filed for approval of the transaction and associated financing requests with the ncuc. on january 29, 2016, the ncuc approved the financing requests. on january 15, 2016, duke energy and piedmont filed a joint request with the tennessee regulatory authority for approval of a change in control of piedmont that will result from duke energy's acquisition of piedmont. in that request, duke energy and piedmont requested that the authority approve the change in control on or before april 30, 2016. subject to receipt of required regulatory approvals and meeting closing conditions, duke energy and piedmont target a closing by the end of 2016.
on december 11, 2015, duke energy kentucky filed a declaratory request with the kpsc seeking a finding that the transaction does not constitute a change in control of duke energy kentucky requiring kpsc approval. duke energy also presented the transaction for information before the pscsc on january 13, 2016.
see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, regulatory matters," for additional information regarding duke energy and piedmont's joint investment in atlantic coast pipeline, llc.
part ii midwest generation exit duke energy, through indirect subsidiaries, completed the sale of the nonregulated midwest generation business and duke energy retail sales llc (collectively, the disposal group) to a subsidiary of dynegy on april 2, 2015, for approximately $2.8 billion in cash. refer to note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, "acquisitions and dispositions," for additional information on this transaction.
accelerated stock repurchase program on april 6, 2015, duke energy entered into agreements with each of goldman, sachs & co. and jpmorgan chase bank, national association (the dealers) to repurchase a total of $1.5 billion of duke energy common stock under an accelerated stock repurchase program (the asr). duke energy made payments of $750 million to each of the dealers and was delivered 16.6 million shares, with a total fair value of $1.275 billion, which represented approximately 85 percent of the total number of shares of duke energy common stock expected to be repurchased under the asr. the $225 million unsettled portion met the criteria to be accounted for as a forward contract indexed to duke energy's stock and qualified as an equity instrument. the company recorded the $1.5 billion payment as a reduction to common stock as of april 6, 2015. in june 2015, the dealers delivered 3.2 million additional shares to duke energy to complete the asr. approximately 19.8 million shares, in total, were delivered to duke energy and retired under the asr at an average price of $75.75 per share. the final number of shares repurchased was based upon the average of the daily volume weighted average stock prices of duke energy's common stock during the term of the program, less a discount.
for additional information on the details of this transaction, see note 18 to the consolidated financial statements, "common stock."
(a)   see results of operations below for duke energy's definition of adjusted earnings and adjusted diluted earnings per share as well as a reconciliation of this non-gaap financial measure to net income attributable to duke energy and net income attributable to duke energy per diluted share.
adjusted earnings decreased from 2014 to 2015 primarily due to lower earnings at international energy as a result of unfavorable hydrology and changes in foreign currency exchange rates, partially offset by improved earnings at regulated utilities from improved retail pricing and wholesale margins net of higher operations and maintenance expense.
2015 areas of focus and accomplishments in 2015, duke energy advanced a number of important strategic initiatives to transform the energy future with a focus on customers, employees, operations and growth. duke energy announced the acquisition of piedmont, completed the purchase of north carolina eastern municipal power agency's (ncempa) generation assets, completed the sale of the nonregulated midwest generation business and executed on the coal ash strategy to continue moving towards ash basin closures. duke energy also accomplished industry-leading safety and environmental performance and increased the growth rate of the dividend, a significant component of the investor value proposition.
acquisition of piedmont natural gas. in 2015, duke energy entered into a merger agreement with piedmont, under which duke energy will acquire piedmont for $4.9 billion in cash. this acquisition reflects the growing importance of natural gas to the future of the energy infrastructure within the company's service territory, and throughout the u.s., and establishes a platform for future growth in natural gas infrastructure.
part ii purchase of ncempa's generation. in 2015, duke energy completed the acquisition of ncempa's ownership interest in some of duke energy progress's existing nuclear and coal generation for a total amount of approximately $1.25 billion. duke energy and ncempa signed a long-term wholesale contract to provide power to ncempa's customers previously served by the generation assets purchased by duke energy.
sale of the midwest generation business. in 2015, duke energy completed the sale of the disposal group to dynegy for approximately $2.8 billion. this decision supports duke energy's strategy to focus investments on businesses with more predictable and less volatile earnings. the proceeds from the sale were used, in part, to recapitalize duke energy through a stock repurchase program and deferrals of the issuance of long-term debt.
operational excellence of the nuclear fleet. duke energy's nuclear fleet set a company record for total electricity production and demonstrated a combined capacity factor at approximately 94 percent, the 17th consecutive year above 90 percent on this plant reliability measure.
coal ash management. on april 17, 2015, the epa published the rcra in the federal register, establishing rules to regulate the disposal of ccr from electric utilities as solid waste. the rcra, and the coal ash act, as amended, finalized the legal framework related to coal ash management practices and ash basin closure. with final rules in place, duke energy has made significant progress toward closure of coal ash basins and has recommended excavation of 24 basins in the carolinas. in addition, duke energy has performed comprehensive groundwater studies at each north carolina basin and provided that information to the north carolina department of environmental quality (ncdeq), which was used by ncdeq to risk-rank each north carolina basin. these draft risk rankings provide additional direction for the closure of each basin.
also in 2015, duke energy began closure activities on the four sites specified as high risk by the coal ash act and at the w.s. lee site in south carolina. at each site, excavation has commenced, with coal ash moving off-site for use in structural fill or to lined landfills.
deliver merger benefits. duke energy continues to focus on realizing benefits of the merger with progress energy. duke energy is on track to achieve the $687 million of guaranteed savings for customers in the carolinas over five years. after three and a half years, duke energy carolinas and duke energy progress have generated approximately 90 percent of the guaranteed fuel and joint dispatch savings.
duke energy objectives - 2016 and beyond duke energy will continue to deliver exceptional value to our customers, be an integral part of the communities in which we do business, and provide attractive returns to our investors. duke energy is committed to lead the way to cleaner, smarter energy solutions that customers value through a strategy focused on:
•   modernization of the power grid to improve reliability and flexibility in support of increased distributed energy sources.
•   operational excellence through engagement with employees and being one of the best safety performers in the industry.
•   stakeholder engagement to ensure the regulatory rules in the states in which we operate benefit all customers.
complete the acquisition of piedmont. as discussed above, duke energy will continue to pursue the remaining required regulatory approvals to achieve completion of the piedmont acquisition in 2016. this acquisition will establish a broader gas infrastructure platform within duke energy.
duke energy expects to finance the acquisition through a combination of debt, newly issued equity and other cash sources.
potential sale of the latin american generation business. on february 18, 2016, duke energy announced it had initiated a process to divest the international energy business segment, excluding the equity investment in nmc. the process remains in a preliminary stage and there have been no binding or non-binding offers requested or submitted. there is no specific timeline for execution of a potential transaction. the sale is expected to be dilutive to duke energy but would improve duke energy's risk profile and enhance its ability to generate more consistent earnings and cash flows over time. proceeds from a successful sale would be used to fund the operations and growth of its domestic business.
growth initiatives. duke energy will continue to pursue regulatory, state and federal approval of the growth projects announced in 2015 and in earlier periods. these projects will support long-term adjusted earnings growth and support duke energy's ability to continue providing its customers affordable, reliable energy from an increasingly diverse generation portfolio.
growth in the regulated utilities business is expected to be supported by retail and wholesale load growth and significant investments. duke energy expects to invest between $4 billion and $5 billion annually in the regulated utilities business growth projects. many of these projects will be recovered through riders such as transmission and distribution expenditures in indiana and ohio, as well as energy efficiency riders in the carolinas.
the commercial portfolio renewables business is a significant component of the duke energy growth strategy. renewable projects enable duke energy to respond to customer interest in clean energy resources while increasing diversity in the generation portfolio. the portfolio of wind and solar is expected to continue growing as between $1 billion and $2 billion of capital is expected to be deployed over the next three years. additionally, investments in the atlantic coast pipeline add approximately $1 billion of capital spending through 2017.
part ii duke energy announced new growth initiatives in 2015, which include:
•   duke energy progress proposed an approximate $1 billion investment in the western carolinas modernization project. the project will retire and replace the existing coal units with two natural gas combined cycle 280 mw fired generation projects, a utility scale solar power plant and aggressive energy efficiency and demand-side management adoption in the region.
cost management. duke energy has a demonstrated track record of driving efficiencies and productivity into the business. duke energy committed to efficiencies following the merger with progress energy and is on track to meet those commitments. additionally, there is potential for more productivity and efficiency gains leading to a target of 2016 operations and maintenance costs at or below 2015 levels.
continue the coal ash management strategy. duke energy will continue the company's compliance strategy with the coal ash act and rcra. duke energy will update ash management plans to comply with the appropriate regulations and expand excavation and other compliance work at additional sites once plans and permits are approved.
management evaluates financial performance in part based on the non-gaap financial measures, adjusted earnings and adjusted diluted eps. these items are measured as income from continuing operations net of income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests, adjusted for the dollar and per-share impact of mark-to-market impacts of economic hedges in the commercial portfolio segment and special items including the operating results of the disposal group classified as discontinued operations for gaap purposes. special items represent certain charges and credits, which management believes will not be recurring on a regular basis, although it is reasonably possible such charges and credits could recur. operating results of the disposal group sold to dynegy are reported as discontinued operations, including a portion of the mark-to-market adjustments associated with derivative contracts. management believes that including the operating results of the disposal group reported as discontinued operations better reflects its financial performance and therefore has included these results in adjusted earnings and adjusted diluted eps prior to the sale of the disposal group. additionally, as a result of completing the sale of the disposal group during the second quarter of 2015, state income tax expense increased as state income tax apportionments changed. the additional tax expense was recognized in continuing operations on a gaap basis. this impact to state income taxes has been excluded from the commercial portfolio segment for adjusted diluted eps purposes as management believes these impacts are incidental to the sale of the disposal group. derivative contracts are used in duke energy's hedging of a portion of the economic value of its generation assets in the commercial portfolio segment. the mark-to-market impact of derivative contracts is recognized in gaap earnings immediately and, if associated with the disposal group, classified as discontinued operations, as such derivative contracts do not qualify for hedge accounting or regulatory treatment. the economic value of generation assets is subject to fluctuations in fair value due to market price volatility of input and output commodities (e.g., coal, electricity, natural gas). economic hedging involves both purchases and sales of those input and output commodities related to generation assets. operations of the generation assets are accounted for under the accrual method. management believes excluding impacts of mark-to-market changes of the derivative contracts from adjusted earnings until settlement better matches the financial impacts of the derivative contract with the portion of economic value of the underlying hedged asset. management believes the presentation of adjusted earnings and adjusted diluted eps provides useful information to investors, as it provides them an additional relevant comparison of duke energy's performance across periods. management uses these non-gaap financial measures for planning and forecasting and for reporting results to the duke energy board of directors (board of directors), employees, shareholders, analysts and investors concerning duke energy's financial performance. adjusted diluted eps is also used as a basis for employee incentive bonuses. the most directly comparable gaap measures for adjusted earnings and adjusted diluted eps are net income attributable to duke energy corporation and diluted eps attributable to duke energy corporation common shareholders, which include the dollar and per-share impact of special items, mark-to-market impacts of economic hedges in the commercial portfolio segment and discontinued operations.
management evaluates segment performance based on segment income. segment income is defined as income from continuing operations net of income attributable to noncontrolling interests. segment income, as discussed below, includes intercompany revenues and expenses that are eliminated in the consolidated financial statements. management also uses adjusted segment income as a measure of historical and anticipated future segment performance. adjusted segment income is a non-gaap financial measure, as it is based upon segment income adjusted for the mark-to-market impacts of economic hedges in the commercial portfolio segment and special items, including the operating results of the disposal group classified as discontinued operations for gaap purposes. management believes the presentation of adjusted segment income as presented provides useful information to investors, as it provides them with an additional relevant comparison of a segment's performance across periods. the most directly comparable gaap measure for adjusted segment income is segment income, which represents segment income from continuing operations, including any special items and the mark-to-market impacts of economic hedges in the commercial portfolio segment.
duke energy's adjusted earnings, adjusted diluted eps, and adjusted segment income may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of another company because other entities may not calculate the measures in the same manner.
(in millions, except per share amounts)                                    utilities            energy                  portfolio              segments               other            operations                  energy              share adjusted segment income/adjusted earnings                                  $2,972               $225                    $140                   $3,337                 $(185     )      $-                          $3,152              $4.54
cost savings initiatives                                                   (10           )      -                       (1              )      (11             )      (77       )      -                              (88   )          (0.13   )
(in millions, except per share amounts)                                    utilities            energy                   portfolio                   segments          other             operations                  energy               share adjusted segment income/adjusted earnings                                  $2,897               $428                     $109                          $3,434          $(216     )       $-                          $3,218               $4.55
(in millions, except per share amounts)                                    utilities            energy                  portfolio              segments               other            operations                 energy               share adjusted segment income/adjusted earnings                                  $2,776               $408                    $15                    $3,199                 $(119     )      $-                         $3,080               $4.36
crystal river unit 3 charges                                               (215          )      -                       -                      (215            )      -                -                            (215   )           (0.31   )
litigation reserve                                                         -                    -                       -                      -                      (14       )      -                             (14   )           (0.02   )
•   lower results in latin america primarily due to lower demand, unfavorable hydrology in brazil, changes in foreign currency exchange rates, a prior-year tax benefit related to the reorganization of chilean operations, and lower dispatch in central america due to increased competition;
•   higher operations and maintenance expense primarily due to the prior-year benefit associated with the adoption of nuclear outage levelization, amounts related to additional ownership interest in assets acquired from ncempa, and higher planned fossil generation outage costs, partially offset by lower storm restoration costs;
•   lower equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates due to lower margins at nmc, largely driven by lower mtbe prices, partially offset by lower butane costs.
•   increased retail pricing primarily due to rate riders in most jurisdictions, including increased revenues related to energy efficiency programs, equity returns related to additional ownership interest in assets acquired from ncempa, and higher base rates;
•   increased wholesale net margins largely due to increases in contracted amounts and prices and a new wholesale contract with ncempa;
•   higher results at the nonregulated midwest generation business prior to its sale on april 2, 2015, due to higher pjm interconnection llc (pjm) capacity revenues and increased generation margins; and
•   higher pjm capacity revenues for the nonregulated midwest generation business due to higher prices; and
•   higher results of the renewables business due to higher production from the wind and solar portfolios, lower costs and additional renewables investments.
regulated utilities years ended december 31, variance                                  variance
total regulated utilities gwh sales                  251,266             247,387                 3,879             242,240                 5,147
net proportional mw capacity in operation             50,170              49,600                   570              49,607                    (7   )
regulated utilities' results increased due to an increase in wholesale power margins, growth in retail sales, and increased retail pricing primarily due to rate riders in most jurisdictions, including increased revenues related to energy efficiency programs, and higher base rates primarily due to phasing of 2013 rate cases. these drivers were partially offset by impairment expense associated with the 2015 edwardsport igcc settlement, higher operations and maintenance expenses, and increased depreciation and amortization expense. the following is a detailed discussion of the variance drivers by line item.
•   a $175 million increase in wholesale power revenues, primarily due to additional volumes and capacity charges for customers served under long-term contracts, including the ncempa wholesale contract that became effective august 1, 2015; and
•   an $88 million impairment charge related to the 2015 edwardsport igcc settlement. see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, "regulatory matters," for additional information;
•   a $56 million increase in operations and maintenance expense primarily due to planned nuclear spending and the prior-year benefit of the adoption of nuclear outage levelization, higher costs for customer programs and distribution projects, and higher maintenance costs at fossil generation stations primarily due to increased ownership interest in assets acquired from ncempa, partially offset by a 2014 litigation reserve related to the investigation of the dan river coal ash spill (see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements, "commitments and contingencies," for additional information), and lower storm restoration costs; and
regulated utilities' results were positively impacted by higher retail pricing and rate riders, favorable weather, an increase in wholesale power margins, retail sales growth, and 2013 impairments and other charges. these impacts were partially offset by higher depreciation and amortization expense, higher operation and maintenance costs, higher interest expense, and higher income tax expense. the following is a detailed discussion of the variance drivers by line item.
•   a $614 million increase in fuel revenues driven primarily by increased demand from electric retail customers resulting from favorable weather conditions, and higher fuel rates for electric retail customers for all jurisdictions, except north carolina. fuel revenues represent sales to retail and wholesale customers;
•   a $216 million increase in electric sales (net of fuel revenue) to retail customers due to more favorable weather conditions across the service territory. compared to normal, weather was favorable in the carolinas and florida service territories, while weather in the midwest was essentially normal;
•   a $63 million increase in wholesale power revenues, net of sharing, primarily due to additional volumes and capacity charges for customers served under long-term contracts; and
•   a $611 million increase in fuel expense (including purchased power and natural gas purchases for resale) primarily related to (i) higher volumes of coal, and oil used in electric generation due primarily to increased generation resulting from favorable weather conditions, (ii) higher natural gas prices, and (iii) the application of the nuclear electric insurance limited (neil) settlement proceeds in 2013 for duke energy florida;
•   a $436 million increase in depreciation and amortization expense primarily due to increases in depreciation as a result of additional plant in service and amortization of regulatory assets, and higher 2013 reductions to cost of removal reserves in accordance with regulatory orders; and
•   a $292 million increase in operating and maintenance expense primarily due to a litigation reserve related to the criminal investigation of the dan river coal ash spill (see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements, "commitments and contingencies," for additional information), higher storm costs, repairs and remediation expenses associated with the dan river coal ash discharge and other ash basin related assessment costs, and higher nuclear costs, including nuclear outage levelization costs, and higher environmental and operational costs that are recoverable in rates; partially offset by a 2013 crystal river unit 3 related settlement matter, decreased benefits costs and 2013 donations for low-income customers and job training in accordance with 2013 ncuc and pscsc rate case orders.
•   a $346 million decrease due to the 2013 impairment and other charges primarily related to crystal river unit 3 and the proposed levy nuclear station (levy). see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, "regulatory matters," for additional information;
•   a $42 million decrease in property and other taxes primarily due to the termination of the collection of the north carolina gross receipts tax as mentioned above; partially offset by a sales tax reserve as a result of an indiana sales tax audit, and higher property taxes; and
•   a $22 million decrease due to the 2013 impairment resulting from the decision to suspend the application for two proposed nuclear units at shearon harris nuclear plant (harris).
other income and expenses, net. the variance is primarily due to recognition of post in-service equity returns for projects that had been completed prior to being reflected in customer rates, partially offset by lower allowance for funds used during construction (afudc) equity, primarily due to placing the sutton plant into service in late 2013.
part ii interest expense. the variance was primarily due to no longer recording post in-service debt returns on projects reflected in customer rates and a reduction in debt return on the crystal river unit 3 regulatory asset recovered through fuel revenues.
income tax expense. the variance was primarily due to higher pretax income, partially offset by a lower effective tax rate of 36.8 percent compared to 37.8 percent, respectively, for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013. the decrease in effective tax rate is primarily due to favorable audit settlements, a higher manufacturing deduction due to prior year limitations based on taxable income, and changes in income apportionment for state income tax, partially offset by the non-deductible litigation reserve related to the criminal investigation of the dan river coal ash spill.
matters impacting future regulated utilities results duke energy is a party to multiple lawsuits and could be subject to fines and other penalties related to the dan river coal ash release and operations at other north carolina facilities with ash basins. the outcome of these lawsuits and potential fines and penalties could have an adverse impact on regulated utilities' financial position, results of operations and cash flows. see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements, "commitments and contingencies," for additional information.
an order from regulatory authorities disallowing recovery of costs related to closure of ash impoundments could have an adverse impact on regulated utilities' financial position, results of operations and cash flows. see notes 4 and 9 to the consolidated financial statements, "regulatory matters" and "asset retirement obligations," respectively, for additional information.
in 2013, a federal energy regulatory commission (ferc) administrative law judge (alj) issued an initial decision that duke energy is responsible for costs associated with multi value projects (mvp), a type of transmission expansion planning (mtep) cost, approved by miso prior to the date of duke energy's withdrawal. on october 29, 2015, the ferc issued an order reversing the alj's decision. ferc ruled that duke energy has no liability for mvp costs after its withdrawal from miso. on november 30, 2015, miso filed with the ferc a request for rehearing. miso may appeal the ferc's decision if its request for rehearing is denied. if duke energy is deemed responsible for these costs, and if the regulatory commissions disallow recovery of these costs, there would be an adverse impact to regulated utilities' financial position, results of operations and cash flows. see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, "regulatory matters," for additional information.
the fpsc approved an agreement on all securitization-related issues and issued a final financing order to securitize the crystal river unit 3 regulatory asset with low-cost securities. securitization will replace base rate recovery and result in a lower rate impact to customers. securitization of the costs of the retired crystal river unit 3 nuclear plant would result in an initial acceleration of cash, followed by a reduction to regulated utilities' future results of operations and ongoing cash flows as it would no longer earn an equity return on these costs. under a previous settlement agreement with the fpsc, the allowed return on equity for crystal river unit 3 is limited to 70 percent of the approved return on equity, which is currently 10.5 percent. regulated utilities expects to issue the securitization bonds in the first half of 2016.
in september 2015, duke energy indiana entered into a settlement agreement with multiple parties that will resolve all disputes, claims and issues from the iurc proceedings regarding the edwardsport igcc generating facility. in january 2016, additional parties joined a revised settlement. pursuant to the terms of the agreement, regulated utilities recognized an impairment and related charges of $93 million. additionally, the agreement stipulates the recovery of the remaining regulatory asset over an eight-year period and confirms the conclusion that the in-service date for accounting and ratemaking purposes will remain june 7, 2013. the settlement agreement will also impose a cost cap for recoverable operations and maintenance retail costs of $73 million in 2016 and $77 million in 2017 as well as a cost cap for ongoing capital expenditures through 2017. as part of the settlement, duke energy indiana committed to cease burning coal at gallagher station units 2 and 4 by the end of 2022. the settlement is subject to iurc approval and if approved would resolve and close a number of outstanding issues pending before the iurc related to post commercial operating performance and recovery of ongoing operating and capital costs at edwardsport. if the settlement is not approved, outstanding issues before the iurc related to edwardsport would resume, the ultimate resolution of which could have an adverse impact on regulated utilities' financial position, results of operations and cash flows. in addition, the inability to manage operating and capital costs under caps imposed under the settlement could have an adverse impact on regulated utilities' financial position, results of operations and cash flows. see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, "regulatory matters," for additional information.
on october 23, 2015, the epa published in the federal register the cpp rule for regulating co2 emissions from existing fossil fuel-fired egus. the cpp establishes co2 emission rates and mass cap goals that apply to fossil fuel-fired generation. under the cpp, states are required to develop and submit a final compliance plan, or an initial plan with an extension request, to the epa by september 6, 2016, or no later than september 6, 2018, with an approved extension. these state plans are subject to epa approval, with a federal plan applied to states that fail to submit a plan to the epa or if a state plan is not approved. legal challenges to the cpp have been filed by stakeholders and motions to stay the requirements of the rule pending the outcome of the litigation have been filed. the u.s. supreme court granted a motion to stay in february 2016, effectively blocking enforcement of the rule until legal challenges are resolved. final resolution of these legal challenges could take several years. compliance with cpp could cause the industry to replace coal generation with natural gas and renewables, especially in states that have significant co2 reduction targets under the rule. costs to operate coal-fired generation plants continue to grow due to increasing environmental compliance requirements, including ash management costs unrelated to cpp, and this may result in the retirement of coal-fired generation plants earlier than the current useful lives. regulated utilities continues to evaluate the need to retire generating facilities and plans to seek regulatory recovery, where appropriate, for amounts that have not been recovered upon asset retirements. however, recovery is subject to future regulatory approval, including the recovery of carrying costs on remaining book values, and therefore cannot be assured. in addition, regulated utilities could incur increased fuel, purchased power, operation and maintenance, and other costs for replacement generation as a result of this rule. regulated utilities cannot predict the outcome of these matters.
net proportional mw capacity in operation                       4,333               4,340                    (7   )           4,600                  (260   )
international energy's results were impacted by the absence of prior-year taxes on repatriated foreign earnings, partially offset by lower results in brazil due to lower demand, unfavorable hydrological conditions and changes in foreign currency exchange rates, the absence of a prior year merger step-up tax benefit in chile and lower earnings from nmc and central america. the following is a detailed discussion of the variance drivers by line item.
•   a $122 million decrease in central america due to lower average prices and volumes as a result of increased competition and unplanned outages; and
other income and expenses, net. the variance is primarily due to lower interest income in brazil and lower equity earnings in nmc, as a result of lower average mtbe and methanol prices, and lower mtbe sales volumes, partially offset by lower butane costs.
income tax expense. the variance was primarily due to approximately $373 million of incremental tax expense in 2014 resulting from the decision to repatriate all cumulative historical undistributed foreign earnings. the effective tax rates for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014 were 24.3 percent and 87.3 percent, respectively. the decrease in the effective tax rate was primarily due to the tax expense associated with the repatriation decision, partially offset by the favorable adjustment related to the merger of two chilean subsidiaries recorded in 2014.
international energy's results were negatively impacted by higher tax expense resulting from the decision to repatriate historical undistributed foreign earnings, unfavorable hydrology and exchange rates in brazil and an unplanned outage in chile, partially offset by higher equity earnings in nmc and a 2013 net currency remeasurement loss in latin america. the following is a detailed discussion of the variance drivers by line item.
other income and expenses, net. the variance is primarily due to a 2013 net currency remeasurement loss in latin america, higher interest income in brazil, and higher equity earnings in nmc as a result of increased mtbe and methanol sales volumes, partially offset by lower average prices and higher butane costs.
income tax expense. the variance was primarily due to approximately $373 million of incremental tax expense in 2014 resulting from the decision to repatriate all cumulative historical undistributed foreign earnings. the effective tax rates for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013 were 87.3 percent and 28.3 percent, respectively. the increase in the effective tax rate was also primarily due to the tax expense associated with the repatriation decision.
matters impacting future international energy results international energy's operations include conventional hydroelectric power generation facilities located in brazil where water reservoirs are at abnormally low levels due to a lack of rainfall. weather and economic conditions within brazil have resulted in higher energy prices, a reduction in electricity demand and unfavorable impacts to the exchange rate of brazil's currency. these weather and economic conditions have also resulted in lawsuits brought to the brazilian courts by certain hydroelectric generators to limit the financial exposure to the generators. international energy's earnings and future cash flows could continue to be adversely impacted by a further sustained period of low reservoir levels, a further decline of economic conditions within brazil, or from the outcome of legal matters in the brazilian courts.
international energy's equity earnings from nmc reflect sales of methanol and mtbe, which generate margins that are directionally correlated with crude oil prices and the recent decline in crude oil prices have reduced the equity earnings realized from nmc. continued weakness in the market price of brent crude oil and related commodities will likely result in a further decline in equity earnings from nmc.
on february 18, 2016, duke energy announced it had initiated a process to divest the international energy business segment, excluding the equity method investment in nmc. duke energy is in the preliminary stage and no binding or non-binding offers have been requested or submitted. duke energy can provide no assurance that this process will result in a transaction and there is no specific timeline for execution of a potential transaction. if the potential of a sale were to progress, it could result in classification of international energy as assets held for sale and as a discontinued operation. as of december 31, 2015, the international energy segment had a carrying value of approximately $2.7 billion, adjusted to include the cumulative foreign currency translation losses currently classified as accumulated other comprehensive income.
income tax benefit                                           (92   )          (171   )                79              (148   )               (23   )
net proportional mw capacity in operation                  1,943             1,370                   573             2,031                  (661   )
commercial portfolio's results were positively impacted by the 2014 impairment recorded for an intangible asset and new solar generation, partially offset by unfavorable wind patterns. the following is a detailed discussion of the variance drivers by line item.
•   a $41 million increase in electric revenues due to the acquisition of rec solar; and
other income and expense, net. the variance was primarily due to lower equity earnings in the renewables portfolio due to lower wind production.
interest expense. the variance was driven primarily by capitalized interest from increased spending on wind and solar projects.
income tax benefit. the variance is primarily due to a decrease in pretax losses and changes in state deferred taxes. the effective tax rates for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014 were 103.4 percent and 75.5 percent, respectively. the increase in the effective tax rate is primarily due to the impact of the production tax credits for the renewables portfolio, partially offset by changes to state apportionment factors on deferred taxes due to the disposal group sale.
commercial portfolio's results were impacted by higher production tax credits generation, higher production and lower operating costs by the renewables business and a prior-year loss recognized on certain renewables projects, partially offset by an impairment recorded for an intangible asset. the following is a detailed discussion of the variance drivers by line item.
•   an $8 million decrease in electric revenues for the beckjord station, which is not included in the disposal group, driven from lower production as units have been retired;
•   an $18 million decrease in depreciation driven by discontinued amortization of an intangible asset that was impaired and written off in 2014 and extensions on the projected useful lives of assets in the renewable portfolio;
•   a $17 million decrease in fuel expense for the beckjord station driven by lower cost of coal from decreased production as units have been retired;
other income and expense. the variance was primarily due to a net gain recognized for the sale of certain renewable development assets and increased equity earnings from higher production in the renewable wind portfolio.
income tax benefit. the variance was primarily due to changes in state deferred taxes and higher production tax credits in 2014 for the renewables portfolio. the effective tax rates for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013 were 75.5 percent and 62.8 percent, respectively.
income tax benefit                                          (303   )          (237   )               (66   )          (335   )                98
other's results were impacted by lower progress energy merger costs, an increase in income tax benefit, severance accruals, and higher north carolina franchise taxes. the following is a detailed discussion of the variance drivers by line item.
other income and expenses, net. the variance was primarily due to lower returns on investments that support benefit obligations, a gain on an investment sale in the prior year and lower investment income at bison insurance company limited, partially offset by interest income from the resolution of an income tax matter.
part ii income tax benefit. the variance was primarily due to an increase in pretax losses and higher effective tax rate. the effective tax rates for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014 were 49.3 percent and 41.9 percent, respectively.
other's results were negatively impacted by a decrease in income tax benefit. the following is a detailed discussion of the variance drivers by line item.
operating revenues. the decrease was primarily due to mark-to-market activity of mitigation sales related to the progress energy merger.
operating expenses. the decrease was primarily due to lower charges related to the progress energy merger and prior year crescent resources llc (crescent) litigation reserve, partially offset by unfavorable loss experience at bison.
interest expense. the variance was due primarily to lower interest on long-term debt resulting from debt maturities and new debt issued at lower rates.
income tax benefit. the variance was primarily due to a state tax benefit recognized in 2013. the effective tax rates for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013 were 41.9 percent and 58.6 percent, respectively.
matters impacting future other results duke energy ohio's retired beckjord generating station (beckjord), previously an asset of commercial portfolio, became an asset of other after the sale of the disposal group. beckjord, a nonregulated facility retired during 2014, is not subject to the recently enacted epa rule related to the disposal of ccr from electric utilities. however, if costs are incurred as a result of environmental regulations or to mitigate risk associated with on-site storage of coal ash, the costs could have an adverse impact on other's financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
the variance was primarily driven by the 2014 impairment and unrealized mark-to-market losses on economic hedges, and favorable operating results in 2015, partially offset by a litigation reserve recorded in 2015, as discussed in note 5, "commitments and contingencies," to the consolidated financial statements. operating results in 2015 were favorable primarily due to higher pjm capacity revenues related to higher average cleared capacity auction pricing, increased generation margins and lower depreciation expense. included in the variance is the impact of ceasing depreciation on the assets of the disposal group beginning in the second quarter of 2014. the foregone depreciation for the years ended december 31, 2015, and december 31, 2014, was approximately $40 million and $117 million, respectively.
the variance was primarily due to the 2014 $929 million pretax write-down of the carrying amount of the assets to the estimated fair value of the disposal group, based on the transaction price included in the purchase sale agreement (psa), less estimated costs to sell and a $134 million pretax mark-to-market loss on economic hedges for the disposal group.
duke energy carolinas introduction management's discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013.
basis of presentation the results of operations and variance discussion for duke energy carolinas is presented in a reduced disclosure format in accordance with general instruction (i)(2)(a) of form 10-k.
part ii the following table shows the percent changes in gwh sales and average number of customers for duke energy carolinas. the below percentages for retail customer classes represent billed sales only. total sales includes billed and unbilled retail sales, and wholesale sales to incorporated municipalities and to public and private utilities and power marketers. amounts are not weather normalized.
•   a $40 million increase in wholesale power revenues, net of sharing, primarily due to additional volumes for customers served under long-term contracts.
•   a $71 million increase in operations and maintenance expenses primarily due to higher expenses at generating plants, including the prior-year benefit of the adoption of nuclear outage levelization, severance expenses related to cost saving initiatives, higher energy efficiency program costs and higher distribution maintenance expenses, partially offset by a 2014 litigation reserve related to the criminal investigation of the dan river coal ash spill, lower costs associated with the progress energy merger, and repairs and remediation expenses associated with the dan river coal ash discharge in 2014; and
•   a $42 million increase in depreciation and amortization expense primarily due to higher depreciation as a result of additional plant in service, partially offset by lower nuclear decommissioning costs and lower amortization of certain regulatory assets.
other income and expenses, net. the variance was primarily due to a decrease in recognition of post in-service equity returns for projects that had been completed prior to being reflected in customer rates.
income tax expense. the variance is primarily due to an increase in the effective tax rate and higher pretax income. the effective tax rates for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014 were 36.7 percent and 35.4 percent, respectively. the increase in the effective tax rate is primarily due to favorable audit settlements and changes in apportionment related to state income tax recorded in 2014, and a lower tax benefit related to the manufacturing deduction in 2015 as compared to 2014, partially offset by the non-deductible litigation reserve related to the criminal investigation of the dan river coal ash spill recorded in 2014.
matters impacting future results duke energy carolinas is a party to multiple lawsuits and subject to fines and other penalties related to the dan river coal ash release and operations at other north carolina facilities with ash basins. the outcome of these lawsuits, fines and penalties could have an adverse impact on duke energy carolinas' financial position, results of operations and cash flows. see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements, "commitments and contingencies," for additional information.
an order from regulatory authorities disallowing recovery of costs related to closure of ash impoundments could have an adverse impact on duke energy carolinas' financial position, results of operations and cash flows. see notes 4 and 9 to the consolidated financial statements, "regulatory matters" and "asset retirement obligations," respectively, for additional information.
part ii on october 23, 2015, the epa published in the federal register the cpp rule for regulating co2 emissions from existing fossil fuel-fired egus. the cpp establishes co2 emission rates and mass cap goals that apply to fossil fuel-fired generation. under the cpp, states are required to develop and submit a final compliance plan, or an initial plan with an extension request, to the epa by september 6, 2016, or no later than september 6, 2018, with an approved extension. these state plans are subject to epa approval, with a federal plan applied to states that fail to submit a plan to the epa or if a state plan is not approved. legal challenges to the cpp have been filed by stakeholders and motions to stay the requirements of the rule pending the outcome of the litigation have been filed. the u.s. supreme court granted a motion to stay in february 2016, effectively blocking enforcement of the rule until legal challenges are resolved. final resolution of these legal challenges could take several years. compliance with cpp could cause the industry to replace coal generation with natural gas and renewables, especially in states that have significant co2 reduction targets under the rule. costs to operate coal-fired generation plants continue to grow due to increasing environmental compliance requirements, including ash management costs unrelated to cpp, and this may result in the retirement of coal-fired generation plants earlier than the current useful lives. duke energy carolinas continues to evaluate the need to retire generating facilities and plans to seek regulatory recovery, where appropriate, for amounts that have not been recovered upon asset retirements. however, recovery is subject to future regulatory approval, including the recovery of carrying costs on remaining book values, and therefore cannot be assured. in addition, duke energy carolinas could incur increased fuel, purchased power, operation and maintenance, and other costs for replacement generation as a result of this rule. duke energy carolinas cannot predict the outcome of these matters.
progress energy introduction management's discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013.
basis of presentation the results of operations and variance discussion for progress energy is presented in a reduced disclosure format in accordance with general instruction (i)(2)(a) of form 10-k.
•   a $118 million increase in wholesale power revenues primarily due to a new ncempa contract effective august 1, 2015, coupled with increased overall demand rates and higher peak demand at duke energy progress; and
•   a $37 million decrease in operations and maintenance expenses. for duke energy progress, this was primarily due to a 2014 litigation reserve related to the criminal investigation of the management of north carolina coal ash basins, lower storm restoration costs and a favorable pension expense adjustment recorded in 2015, partially offset by higher nuclear refueling outage expenses, including the prior-year benefit of the adoption of nuclear outage levelization, due to three refueling outages in 2015 compared to one outage during the same period in 2014, higher nuclear costs related to additional ownership interest in assets acquired from ncempa, and severance expenses related to cost savings initiatives. for duke energy florida, this was primarily due to a decrease in expenses related to costs that were recoverable through the energy conservation cost recovery clause and environmental cost recovery clause; a decrease in employee and executive benefits; partially offset by an increase in expenses related to various information technology projects;
•   a $12 million decrease in depreciation and amortization expenses primarily due to reductions in amounts recovered through the nuclear cost recovery clause and the environmental cost recovery clauses at duke energy florida, partially offset by higher depreciation related to additional plant in service at duke energy progress.
other income and expenses, net. the variance is due to higher afudc equity, primarily due to nuclear plant expenditures at duke energy progress.
income tax expense. the variance was primarily due to a lower effective tax rate. the effective tax rates for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014 were 32.9 percent and 38.0 percent, respectively. the decrease in the effective tax rate was primarily due to the non-deductible litigation reserve related to the criminal investigation of the management of the coal ash basins in 2014, an increase in afudc equity in 2015, state tax benefits from corporate restructuring in 2015, and the release of tax reserves in 2015 due to expired statutes.
matters impacting future results progress energy is a party to multiple lawsuits and subject to fines and other penalties related to operations at certain north carolina facilities with ash basins. the outcome of these lawsuits, fines and penalties could have an adverse impact on progress energy's financial position, results of operations and cash flows. see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements, "commitments and contingencies," for additional information.
an order from regulatory authorities disallowing recovery of costs related to closure of ash impoundments could have an adverse impact on progress energy's financial position, results of operations and cash flows. see notes 4 and 9 to the consolidated financial statements, "regulatory matters" and "asset retirement obligations," respectively, for additional information.
the fpsc approved an agreement on all securitization-related issues and issued a final financing order to securitize the crystal river unit 3 regulatory asset with low-cost securities. securitization will replace base rate recovery and result in a lower rate impact to customers. securitization of the costs of the retired crystal river unit 3 nuclear plant would result in an initial acceleration of cash, followed by a reduction to progress energy's future results of operations and ongoing cash flows as it would no longer earn an equity return on these costs. under a previous settlement agreement with the fpsc, the allowed return on equity for crystal river unit 3 is limited to 70 percent of the approved return on equity, which is currently 10.5 percent. progress energy expects the securitization bonds to be issued in the first half of 2016.
on october 23, 2015, the epa published in the federal register the cpp rule for regulating co2 emissions from existing fossil fuel-fired egus. the cpp establishes co2 emission rates and mass cap goals that apply to fossil fuel-fired generation. under the cpp, states are required to develop and submit a final compliance plan, or an initial plan with an extension request, to the epa by september 6, 2016, or no later than september 6, 2018, with an approved extension. these state plans are subject to epa approval, with a federal plan applied to states that fail to submit a plan to the epa or if a state plan is not approved. legal challenges to the cpp have been filed by stakeholders and motions to stay the requirements of the rule pending the outcome of the litigation have been filed. the u.s. supreme court granted a motion to stay in february 2016, effectively blocking enforcement of the rule until legal challenges are resolved. final resolution of these legal challenges could take several years. compliance with cpp could cause the industry to replace coal generation with natural gas and renewables, especially in states that have significant co2 reduction targets under the rule. costs to operate coal-fired generation plants continue to grow due to increasing environmental compliance requirements, including ash management costs unrelated to cpp, and this may result in the retirement of coal-fired generation plants earlier than the current useful lives. progress energy continues to evaluate the need to retire generating facilities and plans to seek regulatory recovery, where appropriate, for amounts that have not been recovered upon asset retirements. however, recovery is subject to future regulatory approval, including the recovery of carrying costs on remaining book values, and therefore cannot be assured. in addition, progress energy could incur increased fuel, purchased power, operation and maintenance, and other costs for replacement generation as a result of this rule. progress energy cannot predict the outcome of these matters.
duke energy progress introduction management's discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013.
part ii basis of presentation the results of operations and variance discussion for duke energy progress is presented in a reduced disclosure format in accordance with general instruction (i)(2)(a) of form 10-k.
the following table shows the percent changes in gwh sales and average number of customers for duke energy progress. the below percentages for retail customer classes represent billed sales only. total sales includes billed and unbilled retail sales, and wholesale sales to incorporated municipalities and to public and private utilities and power marketers. amounts are not weather normalized.
•   a $100 million increase in wholesale power revenues primarily due to a new ncempa contract effective august 1, 2015, and increased demand rates charged along with higher peak demand;
•   a $61 million increase in depreciation and amortization expenses primarily due to higher depreciation related to additional plant in service; and
•   an $18 million reversal in 2014 of a prior-year impairment. these charges related to planned transmission projects for which recovery is not expected, and certain cost associated with mitigation sales pursuant to merger settlement agreements with the ferc.
•   an $18 million decrease in operations and maintenance expenses, primarily due to a 2014 litigation reserve related to the criminal investigation of the management of north carolina coal ash basins, lower storm restoration costs and a favorable pension expense adjustment recorded in 2015, partially offset by higher nuclear refueling outage expenses, including the prior-year benefit of the adoption of nuclear outage levelization, due to three refueling outages in 2015 compared to one outage during the same period in 2014, higher nuclear costs related to additional ownership interest in assets acquired from ncempa, and severance expenses in 2015 related to cost savings initiatives.
part ii other income and expenses, net. the variance is due to higher afudc equity, primarily due to nuclear plant expenditures.
income tax expense. the effective tax rates for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014 were 34.2 percent and 37.9 percent, respectively. the decrease in the effective tax rate was primarily due to the non-deductible litigation reserve related to the criminal investigation of the management of the coal ash basins in 2014, an increase in afudc equity, and the reduction of the north carolina statutory corporate state income tax rate.
matters impacting future results duke energy progress is a party to multiple lawsuits and subject to fines and other penalties related to operations at certain north carolina facilities with ash basins. the outcome of these lawsuits, fines and penalties could have an adverse impact on duke energy progress' financial position, results of operations and cash flows. see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements, "commitments and contingencies," for additional information.
an order from regulatory authorities disallowing recovery of costs related to closure of ash impoundments could have an adverse impact on duke energy progress' financial position, results of operations and cash flows. see notes 4 and 9 to the consolidated financial statements, "regulatory matters" and "asset retirement obligations," respectively, for additional information.
on october 23, 2015, the epa published in the federal register the cpp rule for regulating co2 emissions from existing fossil fuel-fired egus. the cpp establishes co2 emission rates and mass cap goals that apply to fossil fuel-fired generation. under the cpp, states are required to develop and submit a final compliance plan, or an initial plan with an extension request, to the epa by september 6, 2016, or no later than september 6, 2018, with an approved extension. these state plans are subject to epa approval, with a federal plan applied to states that fail to submit a plan to the epa or if a state plan is not approved. legal challenges to the cpp have been filed by stakeholders and motions to stay the requirements of the rule pending the outcome of the litigation have been filed. the u.s. supreme court granted a motion to stay in february 2016, effectively blocking enforcement of the rule until legal challenges are resolved. final resolution of these legal challenges could take several years. compliance with cpp could cause the industry to replace coal generation with natural gas and renewables, especially in states that have significant co2 reduction targets under the rule. costs to operate coal-fired generation plants continue to grow due to increasing environmental compliance requirements, including ash management costs unrelated to cpp, and this may result in the retirement of coal-fired generation plants earlier than the current useful lives. duke energy progress continues to evaluate the need to retire generating facilities and plans to seek regulatory recovery, where appropriate, for amounts that have not been recovered upon asset retirements. however, recovery is subject to future regulatory approval, including the recovery of carrying costs on remaining book values, and therefore cannot be assured. in addition, duke energy progress could incur increased fuel, purchased power, operation and maintenance, and other costs for replacement generation as a result of this rule. duke energy progress cannot predict the outcome of these matters.
duke energy florida introduction management's discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013.
basis of presentation the results of operations and variance discussion for duke energy florida is presented in a reduced disclosure format in accordance with general instruction (i)(2)(a) of form 10-k.
part ii the following table shows the percent changes in gwh sales and average number of customers for duke energy florida. the below percentages for retail customer classes represent billed sales only. wholesale power sales include both billed and unbilled sales. total sales includes billed and unbilled retail sales, and wholesale sales to incorporated municipalities and to public and private utilities and power marketers. amounts are not weather normalized.
•   a $56 million increase in fuel and capacity revenues driven by increased usage. fuel revenues represent sales to retail and wholesale customers;
•   a $34 million increase driven by favorable weather conditions. weather was also favorable to normal in 2015; and
•   an $18 million increase in wholesale power revenues primarily driven by increased capacity rates on contracts.
•   a $15 million decrease in operations and maintenance expense primarily due to a decrease in expenses related to costs that were recoverable through the energy conservation cost recovery clause and environmental cost recovery clause; and a decrease in employee and executive benefits; partially offset by an increase in expenses related to various information technology projects.
matters impacting future results the fpsc approved an agreement on all securitization-related issues and issued a final financing order to securitize the crystal river unit 3 regulatory asset with low-cost securities. securitization will replace base rate recovery and result in a lower rate impact to customers. securitization of the costs of the retired crystal river unit 3 nuclear plant would result in an initial acceleration of cash, followed by a reduction to duke energy florida's future results of operations and ongoing cash flows as it would no longer earn an equity return on these costs. under a previous settlement agreement with the fpsc, the allowed return on equity for crystal river unit 3 is limited to 70 percent of the approved return on equity, which is currently 10.5 percent. duke energy florida expects to issue the securitization bonds in the first half of 2016.
part ii on october 23, 2015, the epa published in the federal register the cpp rule for regulating co2 emissions from existing fossil fuel-fired egus. the cpp establishes co2 emission rates and mass cap goals that apply to fossil fuel-fired generation. under the cpp, states are required to develop and submit a final compliance plan, or an initial plan with an extension request, to the epa by september 6, 2016, or no later than september 6, 2018, with an approved extension. these state plans are subject to epa approval, with a federal plan applied to states that fail to submit a plan to the epa or if a state plan is not approved. legal challenges to the cpp have been filed by stakeholders and motions to stay the requirements of the rule pending the outcome of the litigation have been filed. the u.s. supreme court granted a motion to stay in february 2016, effectively blocking enforcement of the rule until legal challenges are resolved. final resolution of these legal challenges could take several years. compliance with cpp could cause the industry to replace coal generation with natural gas and renewables, especially in states that have significant co2 reduction targets under the rule. costs to operate coal-fired generation plants continue to grow due to increasing environmental compliance requirements, including ash management costs unrelated to cpp, and this may result in the retirement of coal-fired generation plants earlier than the current useful lives. duke energy florida continues to evaluate the need to retire generating facilities and plans to seek regulatory recovery, where appropriate, for amounts that have not been recovered upon asset retirements. however, recovery is subject to future regulatory approval, including the recovery of carrying costs on remaining book values, and therefore cannot be assured. in addition, duke energy florida could incur increased fuel, purchased power, operation and maintenance, and other costs for replacement generation as a result of this rule. duke energy florida cannot predict the outcome of these matters.
duke energy ohio introduction management's discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013.
basis of presentation the results of operations and variance discussion for duke energy ohio is presented in a reduced disclosure format in accordance with general instruction (i)(2)(a) of form 10-k.
the following table shows the percent changes in regulated utilities' gwh sales and average number of customers for duke energy ohio. the below percentages for retail customer classes represent billed sales only. total sales includes billed and unbilled retail sales, and wholesale sales to incorporated municipalities and to public and private utilities and power marketers. amounts are not weather normalized.
•   an $11 million decrease in electric and natural gas sales to retail customers due to unfavorable weather conditions compared to both the prior year and to normal weather; and
•   a $29 million increase in kentucky wholesale revenues primarily due to the purchase of the additional capacity in the east bend station in december 2014, the profits from which are shared with duke energy kentucky retail customers;
discontinued operations, net of tax. the variance was primarily driven by the 2014 impairment and unrealized mark-to-market losses on economic hedges for the disposal group and favorable operating results in 2015, partially offset by a litigation reserve recorded in 2015, as discussed in note 5, "commitments and contingencies," to the consolidated financial statements. operating results in 2015 were favorable primarily due to higher pjm capacity revenues related to higher average cleared capacity auction pricing, increased generation margins and lower depreciation expense. included in the variance is the impact of ceasing depreciation on the assets of the disposal group beginning in the second quarter of 2014. the foregone depreciation for the year ended december 31, 2015, and december 31, 2014, was approximately $40 million and $121 million, respectively.
matters impacting future results in 2013, a ferc alj issued an initial decision that duke energy ohio is responsible for costs associated with certain mvp costs, a type of mtep cost, approved by miso prior to the date of duke energy ohio's withdrawal. on october 29, 2015, the ferc issued an order reversing the alj's decision. ferc ruled that duke energy ohio has no liability for mvp costs after its withdrawal from miso. on november 30, 2015, miso filed with the ferc a request for rehearing. if duke energy ohio is deemed responsible for these costs upon appeal, and if the regulatory commissions disallow recovery of these costs, there would be an adverse impact to duke energy ohio's financial position, results of operations and cash flows. see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, "regulatory matters," for additional information.
an order from regulatory authorities disallowing recovery of costs related to closure of ash basins could have an adverse impact on duke energy ohio's financial position, results of operations and cash flows. see notes 4 and 9 to the consolidated financial statements, "regulatory matters" and "asset retirement obligations," respectively, for additional information.
duke energy ohio's nonregulated beckjord station, a facility retired during 2014, is not subject to the recently enacted epa rule related to the disposal of ccr from electric utilities. however, if costs are incurred as a result of environmental regulations or to mitigate risk associated with on-site storage of coal ash at the facility, the costs could have an adverse impact on duke energy ohio's financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
on october 23, 2015, the epa published in the federal register the cpp rule for regulating co2 emissions from existing fossil fuel-fired egus. the cpp establishes co2 emission rates and mass cap goals that apply to fossil fuel-fired generation. under the cpp, states are required to develop and submit a final compliance plan, or an initial plan with an extension request, to the epa by september 6, 2016, or no later than september 6, 2018, with an approved extension. these state plans are subject to epa approval, with a federal plan applied to states that fail to submit a plan to the epa or if a state plan is not approved. legal challenges to the cpp have been filed by stakeholders and motions to stay the requirements of the rule pending the outcome of the litigation have been filed. the u.s. supreme court granted a motion to stay in february 2016, effectively blocking enforcement of the rule until legal challenges are resolved. final resolution of these legal challenges could take several years. compliance with cpp could cause the industry to replace coal generation with natural gas and renewables, especially in states that have significant co2 reduction targets under the rule. costs to operate coal-fired generation plants continue to grow due to increasing environmental compliance requirements, including ash management costs unrelated to cpp, and this may result in the retirement of coal-fired generation plants earlier than the current useful lives. duke energy ohio continues to evaluate the need to retire generating facilities and plans to seek regulatory recovery, where appropriate, for amounts that have not been recovered upon asset retirements. however, recovery is subject to future regulatory approval, including the recovery of carrying costs on remaining book values, and therefore cannot be assured. in addition, duke energy ohio could incur increased fuel, purchased power, operation and maintenance, and other costs for replacement generation as a result of this rule. duke energy ohio cannot predict the outcome of these matters.
duke energy indiana introduction management's discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013.
basis of presentation the results of operations and variance discussion for duke energy indiana is presented in a reduced disclosure format in accordance with general instruction (i)(2)(a) of form 10-k.
the following table shows the percent changes in gwh sales and average number of customers for duke energy indiana. the below percentages for retail customer classes represent billed sales only. total sales includes billed and unbilled retail sales, and wholesale sales to incorporated municipalities and to public and private utilities and power marketers. amounts are not weather normalized.
•   an $88 million impairment charge related to the 2015 edwardsport igcc settlements. see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, "regulatory matters," for additional information.
other income and expense, net. the variance was primarily due to lower afudc equity due to cayuga scrubbers placed into service in july 2015 and a lower rate compared to the prior year, partially offset by favorable interest income.
matters impacting future results duke energy indiana is evaluating converting wabash river unit 6 to a natural gas-fired unit or retiring the unit earlier than its current estimated useful life. if duke energy indiana elects early retirement of the unit, recovery of remaining book values and associated carrying costs totaling approximately $40 million could be subject to future regulatory approvals and therefore cannot be assured.
on april 17, 2015, the epa published in the federal register a rule to regulate the disposal of ccr from electric utilities as solid waste. duke energy indiana has interpreted the rule to identify the coal ash basin sites impacted and has assessed the amounts of coal ash subject to the rule and a method of compliance. duke energy indiana's interpretation of the requirements of the ccr rule is subject to potential legal challenges and further regulatory approvals, which could result in additional ash basin closure requirements, higher costs of compliance and greater asset retirement obligations. an order from regulatory authorities disallowing recovery of costs related to closure of ash basins could have an adverse impact on duke energy indiana's financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
part ii in september 2015, duke energy indiana entered into a settlement agreement with multiple parties that will resolve all disputes, claims and issues from the iurc proceedings regarding the edwardsport igcc generating facility. in january 2016, additional parties joined a revised settlement. pursuant to the terms of the agreement, duke energy indiana recognized an impairment and related charges of $93 million. additionally, the settlement agreement stipulates the recovery of the remaining regulatory asset over an eight-year period and confirms the conclusion that the in-service date for accounting and ratemaking purposes will remain june 7, 2013. the settlement agreement will also impose a cost cap for recoverable operations and maintenance retail costs of $73 million in 2016 and $77 million in 2017 as well as a cost cap for ongoing capital expenditures through 2017. as part of the settlement, duke energy indiana committed to cease burning coal at gallagher station unit 2 and 4 by the end of 2022. the settlement is subject to iurc approval and, if approved, would resolve and close a number of outstanding issues pending before the iurc related to post commercial operating performance and recovery of ongoing operating and capital costs at edwardsport. if the settlement is not approved, outstanding issues before the iurc related to edwardsport would resume, the ultimate resolution of which could have an adverse impact on duke energy indiana's financial position, results of operations and cash flows. in addition, the inability to manage operating and capital costs under caps imposed under the settlement could have an adverse impact on duke energy indiana's financial position, results of operations and cash flows. see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, "regulatory matters," for additional information.
on october 23, 2015, the epa published in the federal register the cpp rule for regulating co2 emissions from existing fossil fuel-fired egus. the cpp establishes co2 emission rates and mass cap goals that apply to fossil fuel-fired generation. under the cpp, states are required to develop and submit a final compliance plan, or an initial plan with an extension request, to the epa by september 6, 2016, or no later than september 6, 2018, with an approved extension. these state plans are subject to epa approval, with a federal plan applied to states that fail to submit a plan to the epa or if a state plan is not approved. legal challenges to the cpp have been filed by stakeholders and motions to stay the requirements of the rule pending the outcome of the litigation have been filed. the u.s. supreme court granted a motion to stay in february 2016, effectively blocking enforcement of the rule until legal challenges are resolved. final resolution of these legal challenges could take several years. compliance with cpp could cause the industry to replace coal generation with natural gas and renewables, especially in states that have significant co2 reduction targets under the rule. costs to operate coal-fired generation plants continue to grow due to increasing environmental compliance requirements, including ash management costs unrelated to cpp, and this may result in the retirement of coal-fired generation plants earlier than the current useful lives. duke energy indiana continues to evaluate the need to retire generating facilities and plans to seek regulatory recovery, where appropriate, for amounts that have not been recovered upon asset retirements. however, recovery is subject to future regulatory approval, including the recovery of carrying costs on remaining book values, and therefore cannot be assured. in addition, duke energy indiana could incur increased fuel, purchased power, operation and maintenance, and other costs for replacement generation as a result of this rule. duke energy indiana cannot predict the outcome of these matters.
critical accounting policies and estimates preparation of financial statements requires the application of accounting policies, judgments, assumptions and estimates that can significantly affect the reported results of operations and the amounts of assets and liabilities reported in the financial statements. judgments made include the likelihood of success of particular projects, possible legal and regulatory challenges, earnings assumptions on pension and other benefit fund investments and anticipated recovery of costs, especially through regulated operations.
management discusses these policies, estimates and assumptions with senior members of management on a regular basis and provides periodic updates on management decisions to the audit committee of the board of directors. management believes the areas described below require significant judgment in the application of accounting policy or in making estimates and assumptions that are inherently uncertain and that may change in subsequent periods.
regulatory accounting regulated utilities, duke energy's regulated operations, meets the criteria for application of regulatory accounting treatment for substantially all of its operations. as a result, duke energy records assets and liabilities that would not be recorded for nonregulated entities. regulatory assets generally represent incurred costs that have been deferred because such costs are probable of future recovery in customer rates. regulatory liabilities generally represent obligations to make refunds or reduce rates to customers for previous collections or for costs that have yet to be incurred.
management continually assesses whether recorded regulatory assets are probable of future recovery by considering factors such as applicable regulatory environment changes, historical regulatory treatment for similar costs in duke energy's jurisdictions, litigation of rate orders, recent rate orders to other regulated entities, levels of actual return on equity compared to approved rates of return on equity, and the status of any pending or potential deregulation legislation. if future recovery of costs ceases to be probable, asset write-offs would be recognized in operating income. additionally, regulatory agencies can provide flexibility in the manner and timing of the depreciation of property, plant and equipment, recognition of asset retirement costs, and amortization of regulatory assets, or may disallow recovery of all or a portion of certain assets. for further information on regulatory assets and liabilities, see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, "regulatory matters."
as required by regulated operations accounting rules, significant judgment can be required to determine if an otherwise recognizable incurred cost, such as closure costs for ash impoundments, qualifies to be deferred for future recovery as a regulatory asset. significant judgment can also be required to determine if revenues previously recognized are for entity specific costs that are no longer expected to be incurred and are therefore a regulatory liability. see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, "regulatory matters," for a more in-depth discussion of regulatory assets and liabilities.
part ii regulatory accounting rules also require recognition of a disallowance (also called "impairment") loss if it becomes probable that part of the cost of a plant under construction (or a recently completed plant or an abandoned plant) will be disallowed for ratemaking purposes and a reasonable estimate of the amount of the disallowance can be made. for example, if a cost cap is set for a plant still under construction, the amount of the disallowance is a result of a judgment as to the ultimate cost of the plant. other disallowances can require judgments on allowed future rate recovery. see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, "regulatory matters," for a discussion of disallowances recorded related to the edwardsport igcc plant and the retired crystal river unit 3 nuclear plant.
when it becomes probable that regulated generation, transmission or distribution assets will be abandoned, the cost of the asset is removed from plant in service. the value that may be retained as a regulatory asset on the balance sheet for the abandoned property is dependent upon amounts that may be recovered through regulated rates, including any return. as such, an impairment charge, if any, could be offset by the establishment of a regulatory asset if rate recovery is probable. the impairment for a disallowance of costs for regulated plants under construction, recently completed or abandoned is based on discounted cash flows.
goodwill impairment assessments duke energy allocates goodwill to reporting units, which are either the business segments listed in note 3 or one level below based on how the business segment is managed. duke energy is required to test goodwill for impairment at least annually and more frequently if it is more likely than not that the fair value is less than the carrying value. duke energy performs its annual impairment test as of august 31.
application of the goodwill impairment test requires management judgment, including determining the fair value of the reporting unit, which management estimates using a weighted combination of the income approach, which estimates fair value based on discounted cash flows, and the market approach, which estimates fair value based on market comparables within the utility and energy industries. significant assumptions used in these fair value analyses include discount and growth rates, future rates of return expected to result from ongoing rate regulation, utility sector market performance and transactions, projected operating and capital cash flows for duke energy's business and the fair value of debt.
estimated future cash flows under the income approach are based to a large extent on duke energy's internal business plan, and adjusted as appropriate for duke energy's views of market participant assumptions. duke energy's internal business plan reflects management's assumptions related to customer usage and attrition based on internal data and economic data obtained from third-party sources, projected commodity pricing data and potential changes in environmental regulations. the business plan assumes the occurrence of certain events in the future, such as the outcome of future rate filings, future approved rates of returns on equity, anticipated earnings/returns related to significant future capital investments, continued recovery of cost of service, the renewal of certain contracts and the future of renewable tax credits. management also makes assumptions regarding operation, maintenance and general and administrative costs based on the expected outcome of the aforementioned events. in estimating cash flows, duke energy incorporates expected growth rates, regulatory and economic stability, the ability to renew contracts and other factors, into its revenue and expense forecasts.
one of the most significant assumptions that duke energy utilizes in determining the fair value of its reporting units under the income approach is the discount rate applied to the estimated future cash flows. management determines the appropriate discount rate for each of its reporting units based on the weighted average cost of capital (wacc) for each individual reporting unit. the wacc takes into account both the after-tax cost of debt and cost of equity. a major component of the cost of equity is the current risk-free rate on 20-year u.s. treasury bonds. in the 2015 impairment tests, duke energy considered implied waccs for certain peer companies in determining the appropriate wacc rates to use in its analysis. as each reporting unit has a different risk profile based on the nature of its operations, including factors such as regulation, the wacc for each reporting unit may differ. accordingly, the waccs were adjusted, as appropriate, to account for company specific risk premiums. the discount rates used for calculating the fair values as of august 31, 2015, for each of duke energy's domestic reporting units ranged from 5.9 percent to 7.1 percent.
the majority of duke energy's business is in environments that are either fully or partially rate-regulated. in such environments, revenue requirements are adjusted periodically by regulators based on factors including levels of costs, sales volumes and costs of capital. accordingly, duke energy's regulated utilities operate to some degree with a buffer from the direct effects, positive or negative, of significant swings in market or economic conditions. however, significant changes in discount rates over a prolonged period may have a material impact on the fair value of equity.
as of august 31, 2015, all of the reporting units' estimated fair value of equity substantially exceeded the carrying value of equity.
long-lived asset impairment assessments, excluding regulated operations property, plant and equipment, excluding plant held for sale, is stated at the lower of carrying value (historical cost less accumulated depreciation and previously recorded impairments) or fair value, if impaired. duke energy evaluates property, plant and equipment for impairment when events or changes in circumstances (such as a significant change in cash flow projections, the determination that it is more likely than not an asset or asset group will be sold) indicate the carrying value of such assets may not be recoverable. the determination of whether an impairment has occurred is based on an estimate of undiscounted future cash flows attributable to the assets, as compared with their carrying value.
part ii performing an impairment evaluation involves a significant degree of estimation and judgment in areas such as identifying circumstances that indicate an impairment may exist, identifying and grouping affected assets, and developing the undiscounted future cash flows. if an impairment has occurred, the amount of the impairment recognized is determined by estimating the fair value and recording a loss if the carrying value is greater than the fair value. additionally, determining fair value requires probability weighting future cash flows to reflect expectations about possible variations in their amounts or timing and the selection of an appropriate discount rate. although cash flow estimates are based on relevant information available at the time the estimates are made, estimates of future cash flows are, by nature, highly uncertain and may vary significantly from actual results. for assets identified as held for sale, the carrying value is compared to the estimated fair value less cost to sell to determine if an impairment loss is required. until the assets are disposed of, their estimated fair value is re-evaluated when circumstances or events change.
for further information, see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, "acquisition and dispositions."
accounting for loss contingencies preparation of financial statements and related disclosures require judgments regarding the future outcome of contingent events. duke energy is involved in certain legal and environmental matters arising in the normal course of business. estimating probable losses requires analysis of multiple forecasts and scenarios that often depend on judgments about potential actions by third parties, such as federal, state and local courts and regulators. contingent liabilities are often resolved over long periods of time. amounts recorded in the consolidated financial statements may differ from the actual outcome once the contingency is resolved, which could have a material impact on future results of operations, financial position and cash flows of duke energy.
for further information, see notes 4 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements, "regulatory matters" and "commitments and contingencies."
revenue recognition revenues on sales of electricity and gas are recognized when either the service is provided or the product is delivered. operating revenues include unbilled electric and gas revenues earned when service has been delivered but not billed by the end of the accounting period. unbilled retail revenues are estimated by applying an average revenue per kilowatt-hour (kwh) or per thousand cubic feet (mcf) for all customer classes to the number of estimated kwh or mcf delivered but not billed. unbilled wholesale energy revenues are calculated by applying the contractual rate per mwh to the number of estimated mwh delivered but not yet billed. unbilled wholesale demand revenues are calculated by applying the contractual rate per mw to the mw volume delivered but not yet billed. the amount of unbilled revenues can vary significantly from period to period as a result of numerous factors, including seasonality, weather, customer usage patterns, customer mix, timing of rendering customer bills, and the average price in effect for customer classes.
pension and other post-retirement benefits the calculation of pension expense, other post-retirement benefit expense and net pension and other post-retirement assets or liabilities require the use of assumptions and election of permissible accounting alternatives. changes in assumptions can result in different expense and reported asset or liability amounts, and future actual experience can differ from the assumptions. duke energy believes the most critical assumptions for pension and other post-retirement benefits are the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets and the assumed discount rate applied to future benefit payments. additionally, the health care cost trend rate assumption is critical to duke energy's estimate of other post-retirement benefits.
duke energy elects to amortize net actuarial gains or losses in excess of the corridor of 10 percent of the greater of the market-related value of plan assets or plan projected benefit obligation, into net pension or other post-retirement benefit expense over the average remaining service period of active covered employees. prior service cost or credit, which represents the effect on plan liabilities due to plan amendments, is amortized over the average remaining service period of active covered employees.
duke energy maintains non-contributory defined benefit retirement plans. the plans cover most u.s. employees using a cash balance formula. under a cash balance formula, a plan participant accumulates a retirement benefit consisting of pay credits based upon a percentage of current eligible earnings based on age and years of service and current interest credits. certain employees are covered under plans that use a final average earnings formula. as of january 1, 2014, the qualified and non-qualified non-contributory defined benefit plans are closed to new and rehired non-union, and certain unionized employees.
duke energy provides some health care and life insurance benefits for retired employees on a contributory and non-contributory basis. certain employees are eligible for these benefits if they have met age and service requirements at retirement, as defined in the plans.
as of december 31, 2015, duke energy assumes pension and other post-retirement plan assets will generate a long-term rate of return of 6.50 percent. the expected long-term rate of return was developed using a weighted average calculation of expected returns based primarily on future expected returns across asset classes considering the use of active asset managers, where applicable. equity securities are held for their higher expected returns. debt securities are primarily held to hedge the pension liability. hedge funds, real estate and other global securities are held for diversification. investments within asset classes are diversified to achieve broad market participation and reduce the impact of individual managers on investments. in 2013, duke energy adopted a de-risking investment strategy for its pension assets. as the funded status of the plans increase, over time the targeted allocation to return seeking assets will be reduced and the targeted allocation to fixed-income assets will be increased to better manage duke energy's pension liability and reduced funded status volatility. effective january 1, 2016, based on the current funded status of the plans, the asset allocation for the duke energy pension plans has been adjusted to 63 percent fixed-income assets and 37 percent return-seeking assets. duke energy regularly reviews its actual asset allocation and periodically rebalances its investments to the targeted allocations when considered appropriate.
part ii the assets for duke energy's pension and other post-retirement plans are maintained in a master trust. duke energy also invests other post-retirement assets in the duke energy corporation employee benefits trust (veba i). the investment objective of veba i is to achieve sufficient returns, subject to a prudent level of portfolio risk, for the purpose of promoting the security of plan benefits for participants. veba i is passively managed.
duke energy discounted its future u.s. pension and other post-retirement obligations using a rate of 4.4 percent as of december 31, 2015. discount rates used to measure benefit plan obligations for financial reporting purposes reflect rates at which pension benefits could be effectively settled. as of december 31, 2015, duke energy determined its discount rate for u.s. pension and other post-retirement obligations using a bond selection-settlement portfolio approach. this approach develops a discount rate by selecting a portfolio of high quality corporate bonds that generate sufficient cash flow to match the timing of projected benefit payments. the selected bond portfolio is derived from a universe of non-callable corporate bonds rated aa quality or higher. after the bond portfolio is selected, a single interest rate is determined that equates the present value of the plan's projected benefit payments discounted at this rate with the market value of the bonds selected.
future changes in plan asset returns, assumed discount rates and various other factors related to the participants in duke energy's pension and post-retirement plans will impact future pension expense and liabilities. duke energy cannot predict with certainty what these factors will be in the future. the following table presents the approximate effect on duke energy's 2015 pretax pension expense, pretax other post-retirement expense, pension obligation and other post-retirement benefit obligation if a 0.25 percent change in rates were to occur.
effect on pension and other post-retirement benefit obligation at december 31, 2015
duke energy's u.s. other post-retirement plan uses a health care trend rate covering both pre- and post-age 65 retired plan participants, which is comprised of a medical care trend rate, which reflects the near- and long-term expectation of increases in medical costs, and a prescription drug trend rate, which reflects the near and long-term expectation of increases in prescription drug costs. as of december 31, 2015, the health care trend rate was 7.5 percent, trending down to 4.75 percent by 2023. the following table presents the approximate effect on duke energy's 2015 pretax other post-retirement expense and other post-retirement benefit obligation if a 1 percentage point change in the health care trend rate were to occur.
effect on other post-retirement benefit obligation at december 31, 2015          29               (26         )
for further information, see note 21 to the consolidated financial statements, "employee benefit plans."
liquidity and capital resources sources and uses of cash duke energy relies primarily upon cash flows from operations, debt issuances and its existing cash and cash equivalents to fund its domestic liquidity and capital requirements. duke energy's capital requirements arise primarily from capital and investment expenditures, repaying long-term debt and paying dividends to shareholders. duke energy's projected primary sources and uses for the next three fiscal years are included in the table below.
capital expenditures                                    $8,600-$8,775         $7,300-$8,500         $6,775-$7,800
debt maturities and reduction in short-term debt(b)             3,885                 2,250                 2,750
equity issuances                                                    -                     -                   350
(a)   uses and sources exclude amounts related to payments for or proceeds from the planned acquisition of piedmont and possible sale of the international energy segment.
(b)   excludes capital leases and securitized receivables maturities in 2016 and 2017 expected to be renewed. amounts represent duke energy's financing plan, which accelerates certain contractual maturities.
(c)   includes expenditures related to ash basin closures.
on october 24, 2015, duke energy entered into an agreement and plan of merger (merger agreement) with piedmont natural gas company, inc., (piedmont) a north carolina corporation. under the terms of the merger agreement, duke energy will acquire piedmont for $4.9 billion in cash and will assume piedmont's existing debt, which was approximately $1.9 billion at october 31, 2015, the end of piedmont's most recent fiscal year. duke energy expects to finance the transaction with a combination of debt, between $500 million and $750 million of newly issued equity and other cash sources. duke energy has a fully underwritten bridge facility to support funding of the merger. for further information on the piedmont acquisition, refer to note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, "acquisitions and dispositions."
during 2014, duke energy declared a taxable dividend of foreign earnings in the form of notes payable that was intended to result in the repatriation of approximately $2.7 billion of cash held and expected to be generated by international energy over a period of up to eight years. in 2015, approximately $1.5 billion was remitted. approximately $300 million is expected to be remitted in 2016, with the remaining amount remitted by 2022. duke energy announced on february 18, 2016, it had initiated a process to divest the international energy business segment, excluding the equity method investment in nmc. duke energy is in the preliminary stage and no binding or non-binding offers have been requested or submitted. duke energy can provide no assurance that this process will result in a transaction. additional proceeds from the notes payable or from a successful sale of international energy will principally be used to fund the operations and growth of its domestic businesses.
the subsidiary registrants generally maintain minimal cash balances and use short-term borrowings to meet their working capital needs and other cash requirements. the subsidiary registrants, excluding progress energy, support their short-term borrowing needs through participation with duke energy and certain of its other subsidiaries in a money pool arrangement. the companies with short-term funds may provide short-term loans to affiliates participating under this arrangement. see note 6 to the consolidated financial statements, "debt and credit facilities," for additional discussion of the money pool arrangement.
duke energy and the subsidiary registrants, excluding progress energy, may also use short-term debt, including commercial paper and the money pool, as a bridge to long-term debt financings. the levels of borrowing may vary significantly over the course of the year due to the timing of long-term debt financings and the impact of fluctuations in cash flows from operations. from time to time, duke energy's current liabilities exceed current assets resulting from the use of short-term debt as a funding source to meet scheduled maturities of long-term debt, as well as cash needs, which can fluctuate due to the seasonality of its business.
credit facilities and registration statements master credit facility summary duke energy has a master credit facility with a capacity of $7.5 billion through january 2020. the duke energy registrants, excluding progress energy (parent), have borrowing capacity under the master credit facility up to specified sublimits for each borrower. duke energy has the unilateral ability at any time to increase or decrease the borrowing sublimits of each borrower, subject to a maximum sublimit for each borrower. the amount available under the master credit facility has been reduced to backstop the issuances of commercial paper, certain letters of credit and variable-rate demand tax-exempt bonds that may be put to the duke energy registrants at the option of the holder and as security to meet obligations under the plea agreements. the table below includes the current borrowing sublimits and available capacity under the master credit facility.
(in millions)                        energy          (parent)               carolinas          progress             florida            ohio               indiana facility size(a)                     $7,500          $3,475                      $800          $1,000               $1,200             $425               $600
outstanding letters of credit           (72   )      (65           )               (4   )      (2            )      (1          )      -                  -
available capacity                   $3,674          $1,879                      $211          $415                 $490               $310               $369
(a)   represents the sublimit of each borrower at december 31, 2015. the duke energy ohio sublimit includes $125 million for duke energy kentucky.
(b)   duke energy issued $625 million of commercial paper and loaned the proceeds through the money pool to duke energy carolinas, duke energy progress, duke energy ohio and duke energy indiana. the balances are included within long-term debt payable to affiliated companies in the consolidated balance sheets.
(c)   on may 14, 2015, the united states district court for the eastern district of north carolina approved the separate plea agreements entered into by duke energy carolinas, duke energy progress and duke energy business services, llc (debs), a wholly owned subsidiary of duke energy, in connection with the investigation initiated by the usdoj. duke energy carolinas and duke energy progress are required to each maintain $250 million of available capacity under the master credit facility as security to meet their obligations under the plea agreements, in addition to certain other conditions. see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements, "commitments and contingencies," for additional information.
part ii piedmont bridge facility in connection with the merger agreement with piedmont, duke energy entered into a $4.9 billion bridge facility with barclays. the bridge facility, if drawn upon, may be used to (i) fund the cash consideration for the transaction and (ii) pay certain fees and expenses in connection with the transaction. in november 2015, barclays syndicated its commitment under the bridge facility to a broader group of lenders. duke energy intends to finance the transaction with proceeds raised through the issuance of debt, equity and other sources as noted above and, therefore, does not expect to draw upon the bridge facility.
short-term loan facility on february 22, 2016, duke energy entered into a six-month term loan facility (term loan) with commitments totaling $1 billion to provide additional flexibility in managing short-term liquidity. the term loan can be drawn upon in a single borrowing of up to $1 billion, which must occur no later than 45 calendar days following february 22, 2016. as of february 24, 2016, no amounts have been drawn under the term loan. amounts drawn under this facility, if any, will be due on august 19, 2016. the terms and conditions of this term loan are generally consistent with those governing the master credit facility discussed above.
shelf registration in september 2013, duke energy filed a registration statement (form s-3) with the sec. under this form s-3, which is uncapped, the duke energy registrants, excluding progress energy may issue debt and other securities in the future at amounts, prices and with terms to be determined at the time of future offerings. the registration statement also allows for the issuance of common stock by duke energy.
capital expenditures duke energy continues to focus on reducing risk and positioning its business for future success and will invest principally in its strongest business sectors. based on this goal, the majority of duke energy's total projected capital expenditures are allocated to the regulated utilities segment. duke energy's projected capital and investment expenditures for the next three fiscal years are included in the table below.
customer additions                                                          500             575             575
total regulated utilities                                                 6,825           6,350           5,875
total committed expenditures                                              8,600           7,300           6,775
discretionary expenditures                                                  175           1,200           1,025
total projected capital and investment expenditures                      $8,775          $8,500          $7,800
debt maturities the following table shows the significant components of current maturities of long-term debt on the consolidated balance sheets. the duke energy registrants currently anticipate satisfying these obligations with cash on hand and proceeds from additional borrowings.
(in millions)                          maturity date        interest rate             december 31, 2015
current maturities of long-term debt                                                             $2,074
dividend payments in 2015, duke energy paid quarterly cash dividends for the 90th consecutive year and expects to continue its policy of paying regular cash dividends in the future. there is no assurance as to the amount of future dividends because they depend on future earnings, capital requirements, financial condition and are subject to the discretion of the board of directors.
dividend and other funding restrictions of duke energy subsidiaries as discussed in note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, "regulatory matters," duke energy's wholly owned public utility operating companies have restrictions on the amount of funds that can be transferred to duke energy through dividends, advances or loans as a result of conditions imposed by various regulators in conjunction with merger transactions. duke energy progress and duke energy florida also have restrictions imposed by their first mortgage bond indentures and articles of incorporation which in certain circumstances limit their ability to make cash dividends or distributions on common stock. additionally, certain other duke energy subsidiaries have other restrictions, such as minimum working capital and tangible net worth requirements pursuant to debt and other agreements that limit the amount of funds that can be transferred to duke energy. at december 31, 2015, the amount of restricted net assets of wholly owned subsidiaries of duke energy that may not be distributed to duke energy in the form of a loan or dividend is less than 25 percent of duke energy's net assets. duke energy does not have any legal or other restrictions on paying common stock dividends to shareholders out of its consolidated equity accounts. although these restrictions cap the amount of funding the various operating subsidiaries can provide to duke energy, management does not believe these restrictions will have a significant impact on duke energy's ability to access cash to meet its payment of dividends on common stock and other future funding obligations.
cash flows from operating activities the relatively stable operating cash flows of regulated utilities compose a substantial portion of duke energy's cash flows from operations. regulated utilities' cash flows from operations are primarily driven by sales of electricity and natural gas and costs of operations. weather conditions, working capital and commodity price fluctuations, and unanticipated expenses including unplanned plant outages, storms, and legal costs and related settlements can affect the timing and level of cash flows from operations.
duke energy believes it has sufficient liquidity resources through the commercial paper markets, and ultimately, the master credit facility, to support these operations. cash flows from operations are subject to a number of other factors, including, but not limited to, regulatory constraints, economic trends and market volatility (see item 1a, "risk factors," for additional information).
at december 31, 2015, duke energy had cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments of $857 million, of which approximately $534 million is held by entities domiciled in foreign jurisdictions. in december 2014, duke energy declared a taxable dividend of historical foreign earnings in the form of notes payable that was expected to result in the repatriation of approximately $2.7 billion of cash held and expected to be generated by international energy over a period of up to eight years. in 2015, approximately $1.5 billion was remitted.
as of december 31, 2015, duke energy's intention was to indefinitely reinvest undistributed earnings generated by duke energy's foreign subsidiaries. as a result, no u.s. tax is recorded on such earnings of approximately $250 million. the amount of unrecognized deferred tax liability related to undistributed earnings was approximately $12 million. on february 18, 2016, duke energy announced it had initiated a process to divest the international energy business segment, excluding the investment in nmc. see note 2 for further information. accordingly, duke energy no longer intends to indefinitely reinvest the undistributed foreign earnings of international energy and will therefore record u.s. taxes related to international energy's undistributed foreign earnings during the first quarter of 2016.
proceeds from the notes payable or from a successful sale of international energy will principally be used to fund the operations and growth of its domestic businesses.
debt issuances depending on availability based on the issuing entity, the credit rating of the issuing entity, and market conditions, the subsidiary registrants prefer to issue first mortgage bonds and secured debt, followed by unsecured debt. this preference is the result of generally higher credit ratings for first mortgage bonds and secured debt, which typically result in lower interest costs. duke energy corporation primarily issues unsecured debt.
duke energy's capitalization is balanced between debt and equity as shown in the table below.
equity               47   %                48   %                49   %
restrictive debt covenants duke energy's debt and credit agreements contain various financial and other covenants. the master credit facility contains a covenant requiring the debt-to-total capitalization ratio to not exceed 65 percent for each borrower. failure to meet those covenants beyond applicable grace periods could result in accelerated due dates and/or termination of the agreements or sublimits thereto. as of december 31, 2015, duke energy was in compliance with all covenants related to its debt agreements. in addition, some credit agreements may allow for acceleration of payments or termination of the agreements due to nonpayment, or to the acceleration of other significant indebtedness of the borrower or some of its subsidiaries. none of the debt or credit agreements contain material adverse change clauses.
part ii credit ratings the duke energy registrants each hold credit ratings by fitch ratings, inc. (fitch), moody's investors service, inc. (moody's) and standard & poor's rating services (s&p). the following table includes duke energy and certain subsidiaries' credit ratings and ratings outlook as of february 2016.
fitch      moody's    s&amp;p duke energy corporation   watch-n    negative   negative issuer credit rating      bbb+       baa1       a-
duke energy progress      stable     stable     negative issuer credit rating      a-         a2         a-
duke energy indiana       positive   stable     negative senior secured debt       a          aa3        a senior unsecured debt     a-         a2         a-
credit ratings are intended to provide credit lenders a framework for comparing the credit quality of securities and are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold. the duke energy registrants' credit ratings are dependent on the rating agencies' assessments of their ability to meet their debt principal and interest obligations when they come due. if, as a result of market conditions or other factors, the duke energy registrants are unable to maintain current balance sheet strength, or if earnings and cash flow outlook materially deteriorates, credit ratings could be negatively impacted.
operating activities                                      $6,676                $6,586                $6,382
investing activities                                      (5,277    )           (5,373    )           (4,978    )
financing activities                                      (2,578    )             (678    )           (1,327    )
working capital                                  (307    )             (601    )             (908    )
net cash provided by operating activities      $6,676                $6,586                $6,382
•   a $376 million increase in net income after non-cash adjustments resulting from increased retail pricing due to rate riders and higher base rates, increased wholesale net margins due to higher contracted amounts and prices, a new wholesale contract with ncempa, retail sales growth and
•   a $294 million increase in cash flows from a working capital decrease primarily due to lower current year receivables resulting from unseasonably warmer weather in december 2015 and prior year under collection of fuel and purchased power due to increased consumption.
capital, investment and acquisition expenditures                                                               $(8,363    )          $(5,528    )          $(5,607    )
available for sale securities, net                                                                                   3                    23                   173
net proceeds from the sale of midwest generation business and sales of equity investments and other assets       2,968                   179                   277
other investing items                                                                                              115                   (47    )              179
net cash used in investing activities                                                                          $(5,277    )          $(5,373    )          $(4,978    )
the primary use of cash related to investing activities is capital, investment and acquisition expenditures, detailed by reportable business segment in the following table.
regulated utilities                                         $6,974                $4,744                $5,049
total capital, investment and acquisition expenditures      $8,363                $5,528                $5,607
•   a $202 million return of collateral related to the chilean acquisition in 2013. the collateral was used to repay a secured loan.
•   a $2,835 million increase in capital, investment and acquisition expenditures mainly due to the acquisition of ncempa ownership interests in certain generating assets, fuel and spare parts inventory jointly owned with and operated by duke energy progress and growth initiatives in electric and natural gas infrastructure, solar projects and natural-gas fired generation.
•   a $192 million return of collateral related to the chilean hydro acquisition in 2013 and
•   a $150 million decrease in net proceeds from sales and maturities of available for sale securities, net of purchases.
issuance of common stock related to employee benefit plans         $17                   $25                    $9
other financing items                                              (12    )              (34    )              (81    )
net cash used in financing activities                          $(2,578    )            $(678    )          $(1,327    )
•   a $443 million decrease in proceeds from net issuances of notes payable and commercial paper, primarily due to prior year financing with short-term debt in advance of the 2015 receipt of proceeds from the sale of the nonregulated midwest generation business to dynegy, net of current year financing with short-term debt used to repay long-term debt maturities at duke energy florida in advance of the 2016 proceeds from the proposed issuance of securitization bonds related to crystal river unit 3.
•   a $1,595 million increase in proceeds from net issuances of notes payable and commercial paper, primarily due to funding a larger proportion of total financing needs with short-term debt in advance of the receipt in 2015 of proceeds from the sale of the midwest generation business.
•   a $963 million decrease in net issuances of long-term debt, primarily due to funding a larger proportion of total financing needs with short-term debt in 2014 than in 2013.
duke                  duke                  duke maturity             interest                duke           energy                energy                energy issuance date          date                     rate              energy           (parent)              carolinas             progress unsecured debt november 2015(a)(b)    april 2024              3.750   %            $400           $400                  $-                    $-
(a)   proceeds were used to repay short-term money pool and commercial paper borrowing issued to fund a portion of the ncempa acquisition, see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, "acquisitions, dispositions and sales of other assets", for further information.
(b)   proceeds were used to refinance at maturity $300 million of unsecured notes at progress energy due january 2016.
(c)   proceeds were used to redeem at maturity $500 million of first mortgage bonds due october 2015.
(d)   proceeds were used to refinance at maturity $400 million of first mortgage bonds due december 2015.
duke                  duke                  duke maturity              interest                duke           energy                energy                energy issuance date          date                      rate              energy           (parent)              progress              florida unsecured debt april 2014(a)          april 2024               3.750   %             600                   600           -                     -
(a)   proceeds were used to redeem $402 million of tax-exempt bonds at duke energy ohio, the repayment of outstanding commercial paper and for general corporate purposes. see note 13 to the consolidated financial statements, "related party transactions" for additional information related to the redemption of duke energy ohio's tax-exempt bonds.
(b)   the debt is floating rate based on three-month london interbank offered rate (libor) plus a fixed credit spread of 38 basis points.
(d)   relates to the securitization of accounts receivable at a subsidiary of duke energy florida. proceeds were used to repay short-term borrowings under the intercompany money pool borrowing arrangement and for general corporate purposes. see note 17 to the consolidated financial statements, "variable interest entities" for further details.
(g)   the debt is floating rate based on three-month libor plus a fixed credit spread of 20 basis points.
off-balance sheet arrangements duke energy and certain of its subsidiaries enter into guarantee arrangements in the normal course of business to facilitate commercial transactions with third parties. these arrangements include performance guarantees, stand-by letters of credit, debt guarantees, surety bonds and indemnifications.
most of the guarantee arrangements entered into by duke energy enhance the credit standing of certain subsidiaries, non-consolidated entities or less than wholly owned entities, enabling them to conduct business. as such, these guarantee arrangements involve elements of performance and credit risk, which are not always included on the consolidated balance sheets. the possibility of duke energy, either on its own or on behalf of spectra energy capital, llc (spectra capital) through indemnification agreements entered into as part of the january 2, 2007, spin-off of spectra energy corp (spectra energy), having to honor its contingencies is largely dependent upon the future operations of the subsidiaries, investees and other third parties, or the occurrence of certain future events.
duke energy performs ongoing assessments of their respective guarantee obligations to determine whether any liabilities have been incurred as a result of potential increased non-performance risk by third parties for which duke energy has issued guarantees.
issuance of these guarantee arrangements is not required for the majority of duke energy's operations. thus, if duke energy discontinued issuing these guarantees, there would not be a material impact to the consolidated results of operations, cash flows or financial position.
part ii other than the guarantee arrangements discussed above, normal operating lease arrangements and off-balance sheet debt related to non-consolidated vies, duke energy does not have any material off-balance sheet financing entities or structures. for additional information, see note 5 and note 17 to the consolidated financial statements, "commitments and contingencies" and "variable interest entities," respectively.
contractual obligations duke energy enters into contracts that require payment of cash at certain specified periods, based on certain specified minimum quantities and prices. the following table summarizes duke energy's contractual cash obligations as of december 31, 2015.
capital leases(c)                                     2,060                   173                     351                     360                   1,176
(a)   see note 6 to the consolidated financial statements, "debt and credit facilities."
(c)   see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements, "commitments and contingencies." amounts in the table above include the interest component of capital leases based on the interest rates stated in the lease agreements and exclude certain related executory costs.
(d)   current liabilities, except for current maturities of long-term debt, and purchase obligations reflected on the consolidated balance sheets have been excluded from the above table.
(e)   includes firm capacity payments that provide duke energy with uninterrupted firm access to electricity transmission capacity and natural gas transportation contracts, as well as undesignated contracts and contracts that qualify as normal purchase/normal sale (npns). for contracts where the price paid is based on an index, the amount is based on market prices at december 31, 2015, or the best projections of the index. for certain of these amounts, duke energy may settle on a net cash basis since duke energy has entered into payment netting arrangements with counterparties that permit duke energy to offset receivables and payables with such counterparties.
(f)   amounts exclude obligations under the ovec purchase power agreement. see note 17 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
(g)   includes contracts for software, telephone, data and consulting or advisory services. amount also includes contractual obligations for engineering, procurement and construction costs for new generation plants and nuclear plant refurbishments, environmental projects on fossil facilities, maintenance and day to day contract work at certain wind and solar facilities and commitments to buy wind and combustion turbines. amount excludes certain open purchase orders for services that are provided on demand, for which the timing of the purchase cannot be determined.
(h)   related to future annual funding obligations to ndtf through nuclear power stations' re-licensing dates. amounts through 2017 include north carolina jurisdictional amounts that duke energy progress retained internally and is transitioning to its external decommissioning funds per a 2008 ncuc order. the transition of the original $131 million must be complete by december 31, 2017, and at least 10 percent must be transitioned each year. see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements, "asset retirement obligations."
(i)   unrecognized tax benefits of $88 million are not reflected in this table as duke energy cannot predict when open income tax years will close with completed examinations. see note 22 to the consolidated financial statements, "income taxes."
(j)   the table above excludes reserves for litigation, environmental remediation, asbestos-related injuries and damages claims and self-insurance claims (see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements, "commitments and contingencies") because duke energy is uncertain as to the timing and amount of cash payments that will be required. additionally, the table above excludes annual insurance premiums that are necessary to operate the business, including nuclear insurance (see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements, "commitments and contingencies"), funding of pension and other post-retirement benefit plans (see note 21 to the consolidated financial statements, "employee benefit plans"), asset retirement obligations, including ash management expenditures (see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements, "asset retirement obligations") and regulatory liabilities (see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, "regulatory matters") because the amount and timing of the cash payments are uncertain. also excluded are deferred income taxes and investment tax credits recorded on the consolidated balance sheets since cash payments for income taxes are determined based primarily on taxable income for each discrete fiscal year.
part ii quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk risk management policies duke energy is exposed to market risks associated with commodity prices, interest rates, equity prices and foreign currency exchange rates. duke energy has established comprehensive risk management policies to monitor and manage these market risks. duke energy's chief executive officer and chief financial officer are responsible for the overall approval of market risk management policies and the delegation of approval and authorization levels. the finance and risk management committee of the board of directors receives periodic updates from the chief risk officer and other members of management on market risk positions, corporate exposures, and overall risk management activities. the chief risk officer is responsible for the overall governance of managing commodity price risk, including monitoring exposure limits.
the following disclosures about market risk contain forward-looking statements that involve estimates, projections, goals, forecasts, assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. please review item 1a, "risk factors," and "cautionary statement regarding forward-looking information" for a discussion of the factors that may impact any such forward-looking statements made herein.
commodity price risk duke energy is exposed to the impact of market fluctuations in the prices of electricity, coal, natural gas and other energy-related products marketed and purchased as a result of its ownership of energy related assets. duke energy's exposure to these fluctuations is limited by the cost-based regulation of its operations in its regulated utilities segment as these operations are typically allowed to recover substantially all of these costs through various cost-recovery clauses, including fuel clauses. while there may be a delay in timing between when these costs are incurred and when they are recovered through rates, changes from year to year generally do not have a material impact on operating results of these regulated operations.
price risk represents the potential risk of loss from adverse changes in the market price of electricity or other energy commodities. duke energy's exposure to commodity price risk is influenced by a number of factors, including contract size, length, market liquidity, location and unique or specific contract terms. duke energy employs established policies and procedures to manage risks associated with these market fluctuations, which may include using various commodity derivatives, such as swaps, futures, forwards and options. for additional information, see note 14 to the consolidated financial statements, "derivatives and hedging."
the inputs and methodologies used to determine the fair value of contracts are validated by an internal group separate from duke energy's deal origination function. while duke energy uses common industry practices to develop its valuation techniques, changes in its pricing methodologies or the underlying assumptions could result in significantly different fair values and income recognition.
hedging strategies duke energy closely monitors risks associated with commodity price changes on its future operations and, where appropriate, uses various commodity instruments such as electricity, coal and natural gas forward contracts to mitigate the effect of such fluctuations on operations. duke energy's primary use of energy commodity derivatives is to hedge the generation portfolio against exposure to the prices of power and fuel.
the majority of instruments used to manage duke energy's commodity price exposure are either not designated as hedges or do not qualify for hedge accounting. these instruments are referred to as undesignated contracts. mark-to-market changes for undesignated contracts entered into by regulated businesses are reflected as regulatory assets or liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. undesignated contracts entered into by unregulated businesses are marked-to-market each period, with changes in the fair value of the derivative instruments reflected in earnings.
duke energy may also enter into other contracts that qualify for the normal purchase/normal sale (npns) exception. when a contract meets the criteria to qualify as an npns, duke energy applies such exception. income recognition and realization related to npns contracts generally coincide with the physical delivery of the commodity. for contracts qualifying for the npns exception, no recognition of the contract's fair value in the consolidated financial statements is required until settlement of the contract as long as the transaction remains probable of occurring.
generation portfolio risks duke energy is primarily exposed to market price fluctuations of wholesale power, natural gas, and coal prices in the regulated utilities segment. the duke energy registrants optimize the value of their generation portfolios, which include generation assets, fuel, and emission allowances. modeled forecasts of future generation output and fuel requirements are based on forward power and fuel markets. the component pieces of the portfolio are bought and sold based on models and forecasts of generation in order to manage the economic value of the portfolio in accordance with the strategies of the business units.
for the regulated utilities segment, the generation portfolio not utilized to serve retail operations or committed load is subject to commodity price fluctuations. however, the impact on the consolidated statements of operations is partially offset by mechanisms in these regulated jurisdictions that result in the sharing of net profits from these activities with retail customers.
international energy generally hedges their expected generation using long-term bilateral power sales contracts when favorable market conditions exist and are subject to wholesale commodity price risks for electricity not sold under such contracts. international energy dispatches electricity not sold under long-term bilateral contracts into unregulated markets and receives wholesale energy margins and capacity revenues from national system operators.
part ii interest rate risk duke energy is exposed to risk resulting from changes in interest rates as a result of its issuance of variable and fixed-rate debt and commercial paper. duke energy manages interest rate exposure by limiting variable-rate exposures to a percentage of total debt and by monitoring the effects of market changes in interest rates. duke energy also enters into financial derivative instruments, which may include instruments such as, but not limited to, interest rate swaps, swaptions and u.s. treasury lock agreements to manage and mitigate interest rate risk exposure. see notes 1, 6, 14, and 16 to the consolidated financial statements, "summary of significant accounting policies," "debt and credit facilities," "derivatives and hedging," and "fair value measurements."
at december 31, 2015, duke energy had $727 million notional amount of floating-to-fixed swaps outstanding, $500 million notional amount of fixed-to-floating swaps outstanding and $1,300 million forward-starting swaps outstanding. in the first quarter of 2016, duke energy entered into an additional $500 million notional amount of forward-starting swaps. duke energy had $7.9 billion of unhedged long- and short-term floating interest rate exposure at december 31, 2015. the impact of a 100 basis point change in interest rates on pretax income is approximately $79 million at december 31, 2015. this amount was estimated by considering the impact of the hypothetical interest rates on variable-rate securities outstanding, adjusted for interest rate hedges as of december 31, 2015.
see notes 2 and 14, "acquisitions and dispositions" and derivatives and hedging," respectively, to the consolidated financial statements for additional information about the forward-starting interest rate swaps related to the piedmont acquisition.
credit risk credit risk represents the loss that the duke energy registrants would incur if a counterparty fails to perform under its contractual obligations. where exposed to credit risk, the duke energy registrants analyze the counterparty's financial condition prior to entering into an agreement and monitor exposure on an on-going basis. the duke energy registrants establish credit limits where appropriate in the context of contractual arrangements and monitor such limits.
to reduce credit exposure, the duke energy registrants seek to include netting provisions with counterparties which permit the offset of receivables and payables with such counterparties. the duke energy registrants also frequently use master agreements with credit support annexes to further mitigate certain credit exposures. the master agreements provide for a counterparty to post cash or letters of credit to the exposed party for exposure in excess of an established threshold. the threshold amount represents a negotiated unsecured credit limit for each party to the agreement, determined in accordance with the duke energy registrants' internal corporate credit practices and standards. collateral agreements generally also provide that the inability to post collateral is sufficient cause to terminate contracts and liquidate all positions.
the duke energy registrants also obtain cash or letters of credit from certain counterparties to provide credit support outside of collateral agreements, where appropriate, based on a financial analysis of the counterparty and the regulatory or contractual terms and conditions applicable to each transaction. see note 14 to the consolidated financial statements, "derivatives and hedging," for additional information regarding credit risk related to derivative instruments.
the duke energy registrants' principal counterparties for its electric and gas businesses are regional transmission organizations, distribution companies, municipalities, electric cooperatives and utilities located throughout the u.s. and latin america. the duke energy registrants have concentrations of receivables from such entities throughout these regions. these concentrations of receivables may affect the duke energy registrants' overall credit risk in that risk factors can negatively impact the credit quality of the entire sector.
the duke energy registrants are also subject to credit risk from transactions with their suppliers that involve pre-payments in conjunction with outsourcing arrangements, major construction projects and certain commodity purchases. the duke energy registrants' credit exposure to such suppliers may take the form of increased costs or project delays in the event of non-performance. the duke energy registrants' frequently require guarantees or letters of credit from suppliers to mitigate this credit risk.
credit risk associated with the duke energy registrants' service to residential, commercial and industrial customers is generally limited to outstanding accounts receivable. the duke energy registrants mitigate this credit risk by requiring customers to provide a cash deposit, letter of credit or surety bond until a satisfactory payment history is established, subject to the rules and regulations in effect in each retail jurisdiction, at which time the deposit is typically refunded. charge-offs for retail customers have historically been insignificant to the operations of the duke energy registrants and are typically recovered through retail rates. management continually monitors customer charge-offs and payment patterns to ensure the adequacy of bad debt reserves. duke energy ohio and duke energy indiana sell certain of their accounts receivable and related collections through cinergy receivables company, llc (crc), a duke energy consolidated variable interest entity. losses on collection are first absorbed by the equity of crc and next by the subordinated retained interests held by duke energy ohio, duke energy kentucky and duke energy indiana. see note 17 to the consolidated financial statements, "variable interest entities."
duke energy carolinas has third-party insurance to cover certain losses related to asbestos-related injuries and damages above an aggregate self-insured retention. duke energy carolinas' cumulative payments began to exceed the self-insurance retention in 2008. future payments up to the policy limit will be reimbursed by the third-party insurance carrier. the insurance policy limit for potential future insurance recoveries indemnification and medical cost claim payments is $847 million in excess of the self-insured retention. receivables for insurance recoveries were $599 million and $616 million at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. these amounts are classified in other within investments and other assets and receivables on the consolidated balance sheets. duke energy carolinas is not aware of any uncertainties regarding the legal sufficiency of insurance claims. duke energy carolinas believes the insurance recovery asset is probable of recovery as the insurance carrier continues to have a strong financial strength rating.
the duke energy registrants also have credit risk exposure through issuance of performance guarantees, letters of credit and surety bonds on behalf of less than wholly owned entities and third parties. where the duke energy registrants have issued these guarantees, it is possible that they could be required to perform under these guarantee obligations in the event the obligor under the guarantee fails to perform. where the duke energy registrants have issued guarantees related to assets or operations that have been disposed of via sale, they attempt to secure indemnification from the buyer against all future performance obligations under the guarantees. see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements, "guarantees and indemnifications," for further information on guarantees issued by the duke energy registrants.
part ii based on the duke energy registrants' policies for managing credit risk, their exposures and their credit and other reserves, the duke energy registrants do not currently anticipate a materially adverse effect on their consolidated financial position or results of operations as a result of non-performance by any counterparty.
marketable securities price risk as described further in note 15 to the consolidated financial statements, "investments in debt and equity securities," duke energy invests in debt and equity securities as part of various investment portfolios to fund certain obligations. the vast majority of investments in equity securities are within the ndtf and assets of the various pension and other post-retirement benefit plans.
pension plan assets duke energy maintains investments to facilitate funding the costs of providing non-contributory defined benefit retirement and other post-retirement benefit plans. these investments are exposed to price fluctuations in equity markets and changes in interest rates. the equity securities held in these pension plans are diversified to achieve broad market participation and reduce the impact of any single investment, sector or geographic region. duke energy has established asset allocation targets for its pension plan holdings, which take into consideration the investment objectives and the risk profile with respect to the trust in which the assets are held.
a significant decline in the value of plan asset holdings could require duke energy to increase funding of its pension plans in future periods, which could adversely affect cash flows in those periods. additionally, a decline in the fair value of plan assets, absent additional cash contributions to the plan, could increase the amount of pension cost required to be recorded in future periods, which could adversely affect duke energy's results of operations in those periods.
nuclear decommissioning trust funds as required by the nrc, ncuc, pscsc and fpsc, subsidiaries of duke energy maintain trust funds to fund the costs of nuclear decommissioning. as of december 31, 2015, these funds were invested primarily in domestic and international equity securities, debt securities, cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments. per the nrc, internal revenue code, ncuc, pscsc and fpsc requirements, these funds may be used only for activities related to nuclear decommissioning. these investments are exposed to price fluctuations in equity markets and changes in interest rates. duke energy actively monitors its portfolios by benchmarking the performance of its investments against certain indices and by maintaining, and periodically reviewing, target allocation percentages for various asset classes. accounting for nuclear decommissioning recognizes that costs are recovered through retail and wholesale rates; therefore, fluctuations in equity prices do not materially affect the consolidated statements of operations as changes in the fair value of these investments are primarily deferred as regulatory assets or regulatory liabilities pursuant to orders by the ncuc, pscsc and fpsc. earnings or losses of the fund will ultimately impact the amount of costs recovered through retail and wholesale rates. see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements, "asset retirement obligations" for additional information regarding nuclear decommissioning costs. see note 15 to the consolidated financial statements, "investments in debt and equity securities" for additional information regarding ndtf assets.
foreign currency risk duke energy is exposed to foreign currency risk from investments in international businesses owned and operated in countries outside the u.s. and from certain commodity-related transactions within domestic operations that are denominated in foreign currencies. to mitigate risks associated with foreign currency fluctuations, contracts may be denominated in or indexed to the u.s. dollar and/or local inflation rates, or investments may be naturally hedged through debt denominated or issued in the foreign currency. duke energy may also use foreign currency derivatives, where possible, to manage its risk related to foreign currency fluctuations. to monitor its currency exchange rate risks, duke energy uses sensitivity analysis, which measures the impact of devaluation of the foreign currencies to which it has exposure.
duke energy's primary foreign currency rate exposure is to the brazilian real. the table below summarizes the potential effect of foreign currency devaluations on duke energy's consolidated statement of operations and consolidated balance sheets, based on a sensitivity analysis performed as of december 31, 2015 and december 31, 2014.
summary of sensitivity analysis for foreign currency risks assuming 10 percent devaluation in the currency exchange rates in all exposure currencies as of december 31,
environmental regulations duke energy is subject to international, federal, state and local regulations regarding air and water quality, hazardous and solid waste disposal and other environmental matters. the subsidiary registrants are subject to federal, state and local regulations regarding air and water quality, hazardous and solid waste disposal and other environmental matters. these regulations can be changed from time to time and result in new obligations of the duke energy registrants.
coal combustion residuals on april 17, 2015, the epa published in the federal register a rule to regulate the disposal of ccr from electric utilities as solid waste. the federal regulation, which became effective in october 2015, classifies ccr as nonhazardous waste under subtitle d of the resource conservation and recovery act and allows for beneficial use of ccr with some restrictions. the regulation applies to all new and existing landfills, new and existing surface impoundments receiving ccr and existing surface impoundments that are no longer receiving ccr but contain liquid located at stations currently generating electricity (regardless of fuel source). the rule establishes requirements regarding landfill design, structural integrity design and assessment criteria for surface impoundments, groundwater monitoring and protection procedures and other operational and reporting procedures to ensure the safe disposal and management of ccr. in addition to the requirements of the federal ccr regulation, ccr landfills and surface impoundments will continue to be independently regulated by most states. duke energy carolinas, progress energy, duke energy progress, duke energy ohio and duke energy indiana recorded asset retirement obligation amounts during 2015. cost recovery for future expenditures will be pursued through the normal ratemaking process with federal and state utility commissions and via wholesale contracts, which permit recovery of necessary and prudently incurred costs associated with duke energy's regulated operations. for more information, see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements, "asset retirement obligations."
duke energy ohio's nonregulated beckjord station, a facility retired during 2014, is not subject to the recently enacted epa rule related to the disposal of ccr from electric utilities. however, if costs are incurred as a result of environmental regulations or to mitigate risk associated with on-site storage of coal ash at the facility, the costs could have an adverse impact on duke energy ohio's financial position, results of operations and cash flows. costs incurred by ovec related to environmental regulations could also have an adverse impact on duke energy ohio's financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
on september 20, 2014, the coal ash act became law and was amended on june 24, 2015, by the north carolina mountain energy act. the coal ash act, as amended, established regulations regarding the use and closure of existing ash impoundments, the disposal of ash at active coal plants and the handling of surface and groundwater impacts from ash basins in north carolina. the coal ash act, as amended, deemed eight ash impoundments at four facilities to be high priority and requires closure no later than august 1, 2019, with a potential extension for closure of the asheville impoundment until 2022. the coal ash act requires state regulators to provide risk ranking classifications for the remaining 25 ash impoundments at 10 north carolina facilities. the method and timing of closure of these ash impoundments will be determined by the specific risk classifications, with closure no later than december 31, 2029.
other than the high priority sites specifically delineated by the coal ash act, the ncdeq has issued either preliminary draft risk rankings or has yet to designate specific risk classifications. these risk rankings were generally determined based on three primary criteria: structural integrity of impoundments and impact to both surface and groundwaters. ncdeq categorized 12 basins at four sites as intermediate risk and four basins at three plants as low risk. ncdeq also categorized nine basins at six plants as "low-to-intermediate" risk, thereby not assigning a proposed risk ranking at this time. the risk rankings of these sites will be based upon receipt of additional data primarily related to groundwater quality and the completion of specific modifications and repairs to the impoundments. ncdeq is expected to finalize its risk classifications after a public comment process. final proposed classifications are subject to coal ash commission adjustments and approval but may become law if the commission fails to act within 60 days of receiving the final proposed classifications. estimated asset retirement obligations have been recognized based on the assigned risk categories or, if not assigned, based on a probability weighting of potential closure methods. actual closure costs incurred could be materially different from current estimates that form the basis of the recorded asset retirement obligations. for further information on asset retirement obligations, refer to note 9 to the consolidated financial statements, "asset retirement obligations."
part ii mercury and air toxics standards the final mercury and air toxics standards (mats) rule was issued on february 16, 2012. the rule establishes emission limits for hazardous air pollutants from new and existing coal-fired and oil-fired steam electric generating units. the rule required sources to comply with emission limits by april 16, 2015. under the clean air act (caa), permitting authorities have the discretion to grant up to a one-year compliance extension, on a case-by-case basis, to sources that are unable to complete the installation of emission controls before the compliance deadline. the duke energy registrants have requested and received compliance extensions for a number of plants. the rule requirements currently apply where a compliance extension was not received. strategies to achieve compliance include installation of new air emission control equipment, development of monitoring processes, fuel switching and acceleration of retirement for some coal-fired electric-generation units. for additional information, refer to note 4 of the consolidated financial statements, "regulatory matters," regarding potential plant retirements.
in april 2014, several petitions for review of the final rule were denied by the u.s. court of appeals for the district of columbia (d.c. circuit court). on november 25, 2014, the supreme court granted a petition for review based on the issue of whether the epa unreasonably refused to consider costs in determining whether it is appropriate and necessary to regulate hazardous air pollutants from coal-fired and oil-fired steam electric generating units. in june 2015, the supreme court reversed the d.c. circuit court's decision and remanded the case to the d.c. circuit court for further proceedings, finding that the epa erred in refusing to consider costs when deciding whether it was appropriate and necessary to regulate emissions of hazardous air pollutants from steam electric generating units. in december 2015, the d.c. circuit court granted the epa's request to keep the rule in effect while the agency completes the rulemaking in response to the supreme court's ruling. on december 1, 2015 the epa proposed a supplemental finding to address the cost issue raised by the supreme court in its june 2015 ruling. if finalized as proposed, the finding would result in no changes to the current mats regulatory requirements. the epa has committed to complete its rulemaking by april 2016. the duke energy registrants cannot predict the results of these proceedings.
the epa published the final 316(b) cooling water intake structure rule on august 15, 2014, with an effective date of october 14, 2014. the rule applies to 26 of the electric generating facilities the duke energy registrants own and operate. the rule allows for several options to demonstrate compliance and provides flexibility to the state environmental permitting agencies to make determinations on controls, if any, that will be required for cooling water intake structures. any required intake structure modifications and/or retrofits are expected to be installed in the 2019 to 2022 time frame. petitions challenging the rule have been filed by several groups. it is unknown at this time when the courts will rule on the petitions.
steam electric effluent limitations guidelines on january 4, 2016, the final steam electric effluent limitations guidelines (elg) rule became effective. the rule establishes new requirements for wastewater streams associated with steam electric power generation and includes more stringent controls for any new coal plants that may be built in the future. affected facilities must comply between 2018 and 2023, depending on timing of new clean water act permits. most, if not all, of the steam electric generating facilities the duke energy registrants own are likely affected sources. the duke energy registrants are well positioned to meet the requirements of the rule due to current efforts to convert to dry ash handling. petitions challenging the rule have been filed by several groups. it is unknown at this time when the courts will rule on the petitions.
estimated cost and impacts of rulemakings duke energy will incur capital expenditures to comply with the environmental regulations and rules discussed above. the following five-year table provides estimated costs, excluding afudc, of new control equipment that may need to be installed on existing power plants primarily to comply with the coal ash act requirements for conversion to dry disposal of bottom ash and fly ash, mats, clean water act 316(b) and elgs, through december 31, 2020. the table excludes ash basin closure costs recorded as asset retirement obligations on the consolidated balance sheets. for more information related to asset retirement obligations, see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements.
the duke energy registrants also expect to incur increased fuel, purchased power, operation and maintenance and other expenses, in addition to costs for replacement generation for potential coal-fired power plant retirements, as a result of these regulations. actual compliance costs incurred may be materially different from these estimates due to reasons such as the timing and requirements of epa regulations and the resolution of legal challenges to the rules. the duke energy registrants intend to seek rate recovery of necessary and prudently incurred costs associated with regulated operations to comply with these regulations.
cross-state air pollution rule on august 8, 2011, the final cross-state air pollution rule (csapr) was published in the federal register. the csapr established state-level annual sulfur dioxide (so2) budgets and annual and seasonal nitrogen oxide (nox) budgets that were to take effect on january 1, 2012.
part ii on august 21, 2012, the d.c. circuit court vacated the csapr. the court also directed the epa to continue administering the clean air interstate rule (cair), which required additional reductions in so2 and nox emissions beginning in 2015. on april 29, 2014, the u.s. supreme court (supreme court) reversed the d.c. circuit court's decision, finding that with csapr the epa reasonably interpreted the good neighbor provision of the caa. the case was remanded to the d.c. circuit court for further proceedings consistent with the supreme court's opinion. on october 23, 2014, the d.c. circuit court lifted the csapr stay, which allowed phase 1 of the rule to take effect on january 1, 2015, terminating the cair. where the csapr requirements are constraining, actions to meet the requirements could include purchasing emission allowances, power purchases, curtailing generation and utilizing low sulfur fuel. the csapr will not result in duke energy registrants adding new emission controls.
additional legal challenges to the csapr filed in 2012, not addressed by the d.c. circuit court decision to vacate the csapr, are still ongoing. oral arguments were held february 25, 2015. on july 28, 2015, the court issued decisions finding certain phase 1 and 2 emissions budgets invalid, which impact south carolina, north carolina and florida. the court remanded the csapr to the epa for reconsideration of the budgets in question. on december 3, 2015 the epa proposed a rule to lower the current csapr phase 2 state ozone season nox emission budgets for 23 eastern states, including north carolina, ohio, kentucky and indiana. the epa also proposed to eliminate the csapr phase 2 ozone season state nox budgets for florida and south carolina. the epa proposed that these changes to state budgets take effect on may 1, 2017. the duke energy registrants cannot predict the outcome of these proceedings.
carbon pollution standards for new, modified and reconstructed power plants on october 23, 2015, the epa published a final rule in the federal register establishing carbon dioxide (co2) emissions limits for new, modified and reconstructed power plants. the requirements for new plants do not apply to any facility that duke energy currently has in operation, but would apply to any plants that will be constructed going forward. the epa set an emissions standard for coal units of 1,400 lbs. of co2 per gross mwh. while this limit is higher than the epa's proposed standard of 1,100 lbs. per mwh, it would still require the application of partial carbon capture and storage (ccs) technology for a coal unit to be able to meet the limit. utility-scale ccs is not currently a demonstrated and commercially available technology for coal-fired electric generating units, and therefore the final standard effectively bars the development of new coal-fired generation. the final standard of 1,000 lbs. of co2 per gross mwh for new natural gas combined-cycle units is the same as the proposed limit. the duke energy registrants do not expect the impacts of the final standards will be material to duke energy's financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
clean power plan on october 23, 2015, the epa published in the federal register the cpp rule that regulates co2 emissions from existing fossil fuel-fired egus. the cpp establishes co2 emission rates and mass cap goals that apply to fossil fuel-fired generation. under the cpp, states are required to develop and submit a final compliance plan, or an initial plan with an extension request, to the epa by september 6, 2016. states that receive an extension must submit a final completed plan to the epa by september 6, 2018. the epa intends to review and approve or disapprove state plans within 12 months of receipt. the cpp does not directly impose regulatory requirements on the duke energy registrants. state implementation plans will include the regulatory requirements that will apply to the duke energy registrants. the epa also published a proposed federal plan for public comment. a federal plan would be applied to states that fail to submit a plan to epa or where a state plan is not approved by the epa. comments on the proposed federal plan were due by january 21, 2016.
legal challenges to the final cpp have been filed by stakeholders. on january 21, 2016 the u.s. court of appeals for the district of columbia denied motions from petitioners to stay the clean power plan pending court review. the court did grant petitioner requests for expedited briefing in the case. oral arguments are scheduled in june 2016. the court ordered that final briefs in the case be filed by april 22, 2016. on february 9, 2016, the u.s. supreme court granted a stay in the matter, halting enforcement until legal challenges are resolved.
compliance with cpp could cause the industry to replace coal generation with natural gas and renewables. costs to operate coal-fired generation plants continue to grow due to increasing environmental compliance requirements, including ash management costs unrelated to cpp, which may result in the retirement of coal-fired generation plants earlier than the current useful lives. the duke energy registrants are studying the cpp rule and are working with states to identify the best approach for developing state plans that will establish the regulatory requirements applicable to the duke energy registrants. the duke energy registrants could incur increased fuel, purchased power, operation and maintenance and other costs for replacement generation as a result of this rule. due to the uncertainties related to the implementation of the cpp, the duke energy registrants cannot predict the outcome of these matters.
global climate change the duke energy registrants' greenhouse gas (ghg) emissions consist primarily of co2 with most coming from their fleet of coal-fired power plants in the u.s. in 2015, the duke energy registrants' power plants in the u.s. emitted approximately 108 million tons of co2. duke energy's international operations emitted approximately 2 million tons of co2 in 2015. the duke energy registrants' future co2 emissions will be influenced by variables including new regulations, economic conditions that affect electricity demand and the duke energy registrants' decisions regarding generation technologies deployed to meet customer electricity needs.
the duke energy registrants have taken actions that has resulted in reduced co2 emissions over time. between 2005 and 2015, the duke energy registrants have collectively lowered the co2 emissions from their electricity generation in the u.s. by more than 25 percent. these actions will lower the exposure to any future mandatory co2 emission reduction requirements or carbon tax, whether as a result of federal legislation or the final cpp regulation. under any future scenario involving mandatory co2 limitations, the duke energy registrants would plan to seek recovery of their compliance costs through appropriate regulatory mechanisms.
part ii the duke energy registrants recognize certain groups associate severe weather events with climate change, and forecast the possibility these weather events could have a material impact on future results of operations should they occur more frequently and with greater severity. however, the uncertain nature of potential changes of extreme weather events (such as increased frequency, duration and severity), the long period of time over which any potential changes might take place and the inability to predict these with any degree of accuracy, make estimating any potential future financial risk to the duke energy registrants' operations impossible. currently, the duke energy registrants plan and prepare for potential extreme weather events, such as ice storms, tornadoes, hurricanes, severe thunderstorms, high winds and droughts.
the duke energy registrants routinely take steps to reduce the potential impact of severe weather events on their electric distribution systems. the duke energy registrants' electric generating facilities are designed to withstand extreme weather events without significant damage. the duke energy registrants maintain an inventory of coal and oil on-site to mitigate the effects of any potential short-term disruption in fuel supply so they can continue to provide customers with an uninterrupted supply of electricity. the subsidiary registrants have programs in place to effectively manage the impact of future droughts on u.s. operations.
nuclear matters following the events at the fukushima daiichi nuclear power station in japan, duke energy conducted thorough inspections at each of its seven nuclear sites during 2011. the initial inspections did not identify any significant vulnerabilities; however, duke energy is reviewing designs to evaluate safety margins to external events. emergency-response capabilities, written procedures and engineering specifications were reviewed to verify each site's ability to respond in the unlikely event of a beyond design-basis event. duke energy is working within the nuclear industry to improve safety standards and margin using the three layers of safety approach used in the u.s.: protection, mitigation and emergency response. emergency equipment has been added or is in the process of being added at each station to perform key safety functions in the event that backup power sources are lost and are not expected to be restored within a specified period of time. these improvements are in addition to the numerous layers of safety measures and systems previously in place.
in march 2011, the nrc formed a task force to conduct a comprehensive review of processes and regulations to determine whether the agency should make additional improvements to the nuclear regulatory system. on july 13, 2011, the task force proposed a set of improvements designed to ensure protection, enhance accident mitigation, strengthen emergency preparedness and improve efficiency of nrc programs. the recommendations were further prioritized into three tiers based on the safety enhancement level. on march 12, 2012, the nrc issued three regulatory orders requiring safety enhancements related to mitigation strategies to respond to extreme natural events resulting in the loss of power at a plant, ensuring reliable hardened containment vents and enhancing spent fuel pool instrumentation.
on august 30, 2012, the nrc issued implementation guidance to enable power plants to achieve compliance with the orders issued in march 2012. plants were required to submit implementation plans to the nrc by february 28, 2013, and complete implementation of the safety enhancements within two refueling outages or by december 31, 2016, whichever comes first. each plant is also required to reassess their seismic and flooding hazards using present-day methods and information, conduct inspections to ensure protection against hazards in the current design basis and re-evaluate emergency communications systems and staffing levels.
duke energy is committed to compliance with all safety enhancements ordered by the nrc in connection with the march 12, 2012, regulatory orders noted above, the cost of which could be material. until such time as the nrc-mandated reassessment of flooding and seismic hazards is complete, the exact scope and cost of compliance modifications to duke energy's sites will not be known. with the nrc's continuing review of the remaining recommendations, duke energy cannot predict to what extent the nrc will impose additional licensing and safety-related requirements or the costs of complying with such requirements. upon receipt of additional guidance from the nrc and a collaborative industry review, duke energy will be able to determine an implementation plan and associated costs. see item 1a, "risk factors," for further discussion of applicable risk factors.