item 1a: risk factors risk governance we use a multi-faceted approach to risk governance. it begins with the board of directors defining our risk appetite as aggregate moderate-to-low. this does not preclude engagement in select higher risk activities. rather, the definition is intended to represent an aggregate view of where we want our overall risk to be managed.
three board committees primarily oversee implementation of this desired risk appetite and monitoring of our risk profile:
•   the audit committee oversees the integrity of the consolidated financial statements, including policies, procedures, and practices regarding the preparation of financial statements, the financial reporting process, disclosures, and internal control over financial reporting. the audit committee also provides assistance to the board in overseeing the internal audit division and the independent registered public accounting firm's qualifications and independence; compliance with our financial code of ethics for the chief executive officer and senior financial officers; and compliance with corporate securities trading policies.
•   the risk oversight committee assists the board of directors in overseeing management of material risks, the approval and monitoring of the company's capital position and plan supporting our overall aggregate moderate-to-low risk profile, the risk governance structure, compliance with applicable laws and regulations, and determining adherence to the board's stated risk appetite. the committee has oversight responsibility with respect to the full range of inherent risks: market, credit, liquidity, legal, compliance/regulatory, operational, strategic, and reputational. this committee also oversees our capital management and planning process, ensures that the amount and quality of capital are adequate in relation to expected and unexpected risks, and that our capital levels exceed "well-capitalized" requirements.
•   the technology committee assists the board of directors in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities with respect to all technology, cyber security, and third-party risk management strategies and plans. the committee is charged with evaluating huntington's capability to properly perform all technology functions necessary for its business plan, including projected growth, technology capacity, planning, operational execution, product development, and management capacity. the committee provides oversight of the technology segment investments and plans to drive efficiency as well as to meet defined standards for risk, security, and redundancy. the committee oversees the allocation of technology costs and ensures that they are understood by the board of directors. the technology committee monitors and evaluates innovation and technology trends that may affect the company's strategic plans, including monitoring of overall industry trends. the technology committee reviews and provides oversight of the company's continuity and disaster recovery planning and preparedness.
the audit and risk oversight committees routinely hold executive sessions with our key officers engaged in accounting and risk management. on a periodic basis, the two committees meet in joint session to cover matters relevant to both, such as the construct and appropriateness of the acl, which is reviewed quarterly. all directors have access to information provided to each committee and all scheduled meetings are open to all directors.
further, through its compensation committee, the board of directors seeks to ensure its system of rewards is risk-sensitive and aligns the interests of management, creditors, and shareholders. we utilize a variety of compensation-related tools to induce appropriate behavior, including common stock ownership thresholds for the chief executive officer and certain members of senior management, a requirement to hold until retirement or exit from the company, a portion of net shares received upon exercise of stock options or release of restricted stock awards (50% for executive officers and 25% for other award recipients), equity deferrals, recoupment provisions, and the right to terminate compensation plans at any time.
management has implemented an enterprise risk management and risk appetite framework. critically important is our self-assessment process, in which each business segment produces an analysis of its risks and the strength of its risk controls. the segment analyses are combined with assessments by our risk management organization of major risk sectors (e.g., credit, market, liquidity, operational, legal, compliance, reputational, and strategic) to produce an overall enterprise risk assessment. outcomes of the process include a determination of the quality of the overall control process, the direction of risk, and our position compared to the defined risk appetite.
management also utilizes a wide series of metrics (key risk indicators) to monitor risk positions throughout the company. in general, a range for each metric is established, which allows the company, in aggregate, to operate within an aggregate moderate-to-low risk profile. deviations from the range will indicate if the risk being measured exceeds desired tolerance, which may then necessitate corrective action.
we also have four executive level committees to manage risk: alco, credit policy and strategy, risk management, and capital management. each committee focuses on specific categories of risk and is supported by a series of subcommittees that are tactical in nature. we believe this structure helps ensure appropriate escalation of issues and overall communication of strategies.
huntington utilizes three lines of defense with regard to risk management: (1) business segments, (2) corporate risk management, and (3) internal audit and credit review. to induce greater ownership of risk within its business segments, segment risk officers have been embedded to identify and monitor risk, elevate and remediate issues, establish controls, perform self-testing, and oversee the self-assessment process. corporate risk management establishes policies, sets operating limits, reviews new or modified products/processes, ensures consistency and quality assurance within the segments, and produces the enterprise risk assessment. the chief risk officer has significant input into the design and outcome of incentive compensation plans as they apply to risk. internal audit and credit review provide additional assurance that risk-related functions are operating as intended.
risk overview we, like other financial companies, are subject to a number of risks that may adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations, many of which are outside of our direct control, though efforts are made to manage those risks while optimizing returns. among the risks assumed are:
•credit risk, which is the risk of loss due to loan and lease customers or other counterparties not being able to meet their financial obligations under agreed upon terms;
•market risk, which occurs when fluctuations in interest rates impact earnings and capital. financial impacts are realized through changes in the interest rates of balance sheet assets and liabilities (net interest margin) or directly through valuation changes of capitalized msr and/or trading assets (noninterest income);
•liquidity risk, which is the risk to current or anticipated earnings or capital arising from an inability to meet obligations when they come due. liquidity risk includes the inability to access funding sources or manage fluctuations in funding levels. liquidity risk also results from the failure to recognize or address changes in market conditions that affect the bank's ability to liquidate assets quickly and with minimal loss in value;
•operational and legal risk, which is the risk of loss arising from inadequate or failed internal processes or systems, human errors or misconduct, or adverse external events. operational losses result from internal fraud; external fraud, inadequate or inappropriate employment practices and workplace safety, failure to meet professional obligations involving customers, products, and business practices, damage to physical assets, business disruption and systems failures, and failures in execution, delivery, and process management.  legal risk includes, but is not limited to, exposure to orders, fines, penalties, or punitive damages resulting from litigation, as well as regulatory actions; and
•compliance risk, which exposes us to money penalties, enforcement actions or other sanctions as a result of nonconformance with laws, rules, and regulations that apply to the financial services industry.
we also expend considerable effort to contain risk which emanates from execution of our business processes and strategies and work relentlessly to protect the company's reputation. strategic risk and reputational risk do not easily lend themselves to traditional methods of measurement. rather, we closely monitor them through processes such as new product / initiative reviews, frequent financial performance reviews, colleague and client surveys, monitoring market intelligence, periodic discussions between management and our board, and other such efforts.
in addition to the other information included or incorporated by reference into this report, readers should carefully consider that the following important factors, among others, could negatively impact our business, future results of operations, and future cash flows materially.
credit risks:
1. our acl level may prove to be inappropriate or be negatively affected by credit risk exposures which could materially adversely affect our net income and capital.
our business depends on the creditworthiness of our customers. our acl of $670 million at december 31, 2015, represented management's estimate of probable losses inherent in our loan and lease portfolio as well as our unfunded loan commitments and letters of credit. we periodically review our acl for appropriateness. in doing so, we consider economic conditions and trends, collateral values, and credit quality indicators, such as past charge-off experience, levels of past due loans, and npas. there is no certainty that our acl will be appropriate over time to cover losses in the portfolio because of unanticipated adverse changes in the economy, market conditions, or events adversely affecting specific customers, industries, or markets. if the credit quality of our customer base materially decreases, if the risk profile of a market, industry, or group of customers changes materially, or if the acl is not appropriate, our net income and capital could be materially adversely affected, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
in addition, regulatory review of risk ratings and loan and lease losses may impact the level of the acl and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
2. weakness in economic conditions could materially adversely affect our business.
our performance could be negatively affected to the extent there is deterioration in business and economic conditions which have direct or indirect material adverse impacts on us, our customers, and our counterparties. these conditions could result in one or more of the following:
•   a decrease in the demand for loans and other products and services offered by us;
•   a decrease in customer savings generally and in the demand for savings and investment products offered by us; and
•   an increase in the number of customers and counterparties who become delinquent, file for protection under bankruptcy laws, or default on their loans or other obligations to us.
an increase in the number of delinquencies, bankruptcies, or defaults could result in a higher level of npas, ncos, provision for credit losses, and valuation adjustments on loans held for sale. the markets we serve are dependent on industrial and manufacturing businesses and, thus, are particularly vulnerable to adverse changes in economic conditions affecting these sectors.
market risks:
1. changes in interest rates could reduce our net interest income, reduce transactional income, and negatively impact the value of our loans, securities, and other assets. this could have a material adverse impact on our cash flows, financial condition, results of operations, and capital.
our results of operations depend substantially on net interest income, which is the difference between interest earned on interest earning assets (such as investments and loans) and interest paid on interest bearing liabilities (such as deposits and borrowings). interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors, including governmental monetary policies and domestic and international economic and political conditions. conditions such as inflation, deflation, recession, unemployment, money supply, and other factors beyond our control may also affect interest rates. if our interest earning assets mature or reprice faster than interest bearing liabilities in a declining interest rate environment, net interest income could be materially adversely impacted. likewise, if interest bearing liabilities mature or reprice more quickly than interest earning assets in a rising interest rate environment, net interest income could be adversely impacted. the continuation of the current low interest rate environment or a deflationary environment with negative interest rates could affect consumer and business behavior in ways that are adverse to us and could also constrict our net interest income margin which may restrict our ability to increase net interest income.
changes in interest rates can affect the value of loans, securities, assets under management, and other assets, including mortgage and nonmortgage servicing rights. an increase in interest rates that adversely affects the ability of borrowers to pay the principal or interest on loans and leases may lead to an increase in npas and a reduction of income recognized, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. when we place a loan on nonaccrual status, we reverse any accrued but unpaid interest receivable, which decreases interest income. however, we continue to incur interest expense as a cost of funding nals without any corresponding interest income. in addition, transactional income, including trust income, brokerage income, and gain on sales of loans can vary significantly from period-to-period based on a number of factors, including the interest rate environment. a decline in interest rates along with a flattening yield curve limits our ability to reprice deposits given the current historically low level of interest rates and could result in declining net interest margins if longer duration assets reprice faster than deposits.
rising interest rates reduce the value of our fixed-rate securities and cash flow hedging derivatives portfolio. any unrealized loss from these portfolios impacts oci, shareholders' equity, and the tangible common equity ratio. any realized loss from these portfolios impacts regulatory capital ratios. in a rising interest rate environment, pension and other post-retirement obligations somewhat mitigate negative oci impacts from securities and financial instruments. for more information, refer to "market risk" of the md&a.
certain investment securities, notably mortgage-backed securities, are very sensitive to rising and falling rates. generally, when rates rise, prepayments of principal and interest will decrease and the duration of mortgage-backed securities will increase. conversely, when rates fall, prepayments of principal and interest will increase and the duration of mortgage-backed securities will decrease. in either case, interest rates have a significant impact on the value of mortgage-backed securities.
the value of our msr asset is also a function of changes in interest rates and prepayment expectations. declining interest rates primarily in the longer end of the yield curve reduces the value of the msr asset.
in addition to volatility associated with interest rates, the company also has exposure to equity markets related to the investments within the benefit plans and other income from client based transactions.
2. industry competition may have an adverse effect on our success.
our profitability depends on our ability to compete successfully. we operate in a highly competitive environment, and we expect competition to intensify due in part to the sustained low interest rate and ongoing low-growth economic environment. certain of our competitors are larger and have more resources than we do, enabling them to be more aggressive than us in competing for loans and deposits. in our market areas, we face competition from other banks and financial service companies that offer similar services. some of our non-bank competitors are not subject to the same extensive regulations we are and, therefore, may have greater flexibility in competing for business. our ability to compete successfully depends on a number of factors, including customer convenience, quality of service by investing in new products and services, personal contacts, pricing, and range of products. if we are unable to successfully compete for new customers and retain our current customers, our business, financial condition, or results of operations may be adversely affected. in particular, if we experience an outflow of deposits as a result of our customers seeking investments with higher yields or greater financial stability, or a desire to do business with our competitors, we may be forced to rely more heavily on borrowings and other sources of funding to operate our business and meet withdrawal demands, thereby adversely affecting our net interest margin.  for more information, refer to "competition" section of item 1: business.
liquidity risks:
1. changes in either huntington's financial condition or in the general banking industry could result in a loss of depositor confidence.
liquidity is the ability to meet cash flow needs on a timely basis at a reasonable cost. the bank uses its liquidity to extend credit and to repay liabilities as they become due or as demanded by customers. the board of directors establishes liquidity policies and limits and management establishes operating guidelines for liquidity.
our primary source of liquidity is our large supply of deposits from consumer and commercial customers. the continued availability of this supply depends on customer willingness to maintain deposit balances with banks in general and us in particular. the availability of deposits can also be impacted by regulatory changes (e.g. changes in fdic insurance, the liquidity coverage ratio, etc.), and other events which can impact the perceived safety or economic benefits of bank deposits. while we make significant efforts to consider and plan for hypothetical disruptions in our deposit funding, market related, geopolitical, or other events could impact the liquidity derived from deposits.
2. if we lose access to capital markets, we may not be able to meet the cash flow requirements of our depositors, creditors, and borrowers, or have the operating cash needed to fund corporate expansion and other corporate activities.
wholesale funding sources include securitization, federal funds purchased, securities sold under repurchase agreements, non-core deposits, and long-term debt. the bank is also a member of the federal home loan bank of cincinnati, which provides members access to funding through advances collateralized with mortgage-related assets. we maintain a portfolio of highly-rated, marketable securities that is available as a source of liquidity.
capital markets disruptions can directly impact the liquidity of the bank and corporation. the inability to access capital markets funding sources as needed could adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and level of regulatory-qualifying capital. we may, from time-to-time, consider using our existing liquidity position to opportunistically retire outstanding securities in privately negotiated or open market transactions.
operational and legal risks:
1. we face security risks, including denial of service attacks, hacking, social engineering attacks targeting our colleagues and customers, malware intrusion or data corruption attempts, and identity theft that could result in the disclosure of confidential information, adversely affect our business or reputation, and create significant legal and financial exposure.
our computer systems and network infrastructure are subject to security risks and could be susceptible to cyber-attacks, such as denial of service attacks, hacking, terrorist activities or identity theft. financial services institutions and companies engaged in data processing have reported breaches in the security of their websites or other systems, some of which have involved sophisticated and targeted attacks intended to obtain unauthorized access to confidential information, destroy data, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems, often through the introduction of computer viruses or malware, cyber-attacks and other means. denial of service attacks have been launched against a number of large financial services institutions, including us. none of these events against us resulted in a breach of our client data or account information; however, the performance of our website, www.huntington.com, was adversely affected, and in some instances customers were prevented from accessing our website. we expect to be subject to similar attacks in the future. while events to date primarily resulted in inconvenience, future cyber-attacks could be more disruptive and damaging. hacking and identity theft risks, in particular, could cause serious reputational harm. cyber threats are rapidly evolving and we may not be able to anticipate or prevent all such attacks and could be held liable for any security breach or loss.
despite efforts to ensure the integrity of our systems, we may not be able to anticipate all security breaches of these types, nor may we be able to implement guaranteed preventive measures against such security breaches. persistent attackers may succeed in penetrating defenses given enough resources, time and motive. the techniques used by cyber criminals change frequently, may not be recognized until launched and can originate from a wide variety of sources, including outside groups such as external service providers, organized crime affiliates, terrorist organizations or hostile foreign governments. these risks may increase in the future as we continue to increase our mobile-payment and other internet-based product offerings and expand our internal usage of web-based products and applications.
even the most advanced internal control environment may be vulnerable to compromise. targeted social engineering attacks and "spear phishing" attacks are becoming more sophisticated and are extremely difficult to prevent. the successful social engineer will attempt to fraudulently induce colleagues, customers or other users of our systems to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to its data or that of its clients.
a successful penetration or circumvention of system security could cause us serious negative consequences, including significant disruption of operations, misappropriation of confidential information, or damage to our computers or systems or those of our customers and counterparties. a successful security breach could result in violations of applicable privacy and other laws, financial loss to us or to our customers, loss of confidence in our security measures, significant litigation exposure, and harm to our reputation, all of which could have a material adverse effect on the company.
2. the resolution of significant pending litigation, if unfavorable, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations for a particular period.
we face legal risks in our businesses, and the volume of claims and amount of damages and penalties claimed in litigation and regulatory proceedings against financial institutions remain high. substantial legal liability against us could have material adverse financial effects or cause significant reputational harm to us, which in turn could seriously harm our business prospects. it is possible that the ultimate resolution of these matters, if unfavorable, may be material to the results of operations for a particular reporting period.
note 20 of the notes to consolidated financial statements updates the status of certain material litigation including litigation related to the bankruptcy of cyberco holdings, inc.
3. we face significant operational risks which could lead to financial loss, expensive litigation, and loss of confidence by our customers, regulators, and capital markets.
we are exposed to many types of operational risks, including the risk of fraud or theft by colleagues or outsiders, unauthorized transactions by colleagues or outsiders, operational errors by colleagues, business disruption, and system failures. huntington executes against a significant number of controls, a large percent of which are manual and dependent on adequate execution by colleagues and third-party service providers. there is inherent risk that unknown single points of failure through the execution chain could give rise to material loss through inadvertent errors or malicious attack. these operational risks could lead to financial loss, expensive litigation, and loss of confidence by our customers, regulators, and the capital markets.
moreover, negative public opinion can result from our actual or alleged conduct in any number of activities, including clients, products and business practices; corporate governance; acquisitions; and from actions taken by government regulators and community organizations in response to those activities. negative public opinion can adversely affect our ability to attract and retain customers and can also expose us to litigation and regulatory action.
relative to acquisitions, we incur risks and challenges associated with the integration of acquired businesses and institutions in a timely and efficient manner, and we cannot guarantee that we will be successful in retaining existing customer relationships or achieving anticipated operating efficiencies expected from such acquisitions (including our pending acquisition of firstmerit corporation).  acquisitions may be subject to, and our pending acquisition of firstmerit corporation is subject to, the receipt of approvals from certain governmental authorities, including the federal reserve, the occ, and the united states department of justice, as well as the approval of our shareholders and the shareholders of companies that we seek to acquire. these approvals for acquisitions may not be received, may take longer than expected, or may impose conditions that are not presently anticipated or that could have an adverse effect on the combined company following the acquisitions. subject to requisite regulatory approvals, future business acquisitions may result in the issuance and payment of additional shares of stock, which would dilute current shareholders' ownership interests.  additionally, acquisitions may also involve the payment of a premium over book and market values. therefore, dilution of our tangible book value and net income per common share could occur in connection with any future transaction.
4. failure to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting in the future could impair our ability to accurately and timely report our financial results or prevent fraud, resulting in loss of investor confidence and adversely affecting our business and our stock price.
effective internal controls over financial reporting are necessary to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. as a financial holding company, we are subject to regulation that focuses on effective internal controls and procedures. such controls and procedures are modified, supplemented, and changed from time-to-time as necessitated by our growth and in reaction to external events and developments. any failure to maintain, in the future, an effective internal control environment could impact our ability to report our financial results on an accurate and timely basis, which could result in regulatory actions, loss of investor confidence, and an adverse impact on our business and our stock price.
5. we rely on quantitative models to measure risks and to estimate certain financial values.
quantitative models may be used to help manage certain aspects of our business and to assist with certain business decisions, including estimating probable loan losses, measuring the fair value of financial instruments when reliable market prices are unavailable, estimating the effects of changing interest rates and other market measures on our financial condition and results of operations, managing risk, and for capital planning purposes (including during the ccar capital planning and capital adequacy process). our measurement methodologies rely on many assumptions, historical analyses, and correlations. these assumptions may not capture or fully incorporate conditions leading to losses, particularly in times of market distress, and the historical correlations on which we rely may no longer be relevant. additionally, as businesses and markets evolve, our measurements may not accurately reflect this evolution. even if the underlying assumptions and historical correlations used in our models are adequate, our models may be deficient due to errors in computer code, bad data, misuse of data, or the use of a model for a purpose outside the scope of the model's design.
all models have certain limitations. reliance on models presents the risk that our business decisions based on information incorporated from models will be adversely affected due to incorrect, missing, or misleading information. in addition, our models may not capture or fully express the risks we face, may suggest that we have sufficient capitalization when we do not, or may lead us to misjudge the business and economic environment in which we will operate. if our models fail to produce reliable results on an ongoing basis, we may not make appropriate risk management, capital planning, or other business or financial decisions. strategies that we employ to manage and govern the risks associated with our use of models may not be effective or fully reliable. also, information that we provide to the public or regulators based on poorly designed models could be inaccurate or misleading.
banking regulators continue to focus on the models used by banks and bank holding companies in their businesses. some of our decisions that the regulators evaluate, including distributions to our shareholders, could be affected adversely due to their perception that the quality of the models used to generate the relevant information is insufficient.
6. we rely on third parties to provide key components of our business infrastructure.
we rely on third-party service providers to leverage subject matter expertise and industry best practice, provide enhanced products and services, and reduce costs. although there are benefits in entering into third-party relationships with vendors and others, there are risks associated with such activities. when entering a third-party relationship, the risks associated with that activity are not passed to the third-party but remain our responsibility. the technology committee of the board of directors provides oversight related to the overall risk management process associated with third-party relationships. management is accountable for the review and evaluation of all new and existing third-party relationships. management is responsible for ensuring that adequate controls are in place to protect us and our customers from the risks associated with vendor relationships.
increased risk could occur based on poor planning, oversight, and control and inferior performance or service on the part of the third-party, and may result in legal costs or loss of business. while we have implemented a vendor management program to actively manage the risks associated with the use of third-party service providers, any problems caused by third-party service providers could adversely affect our ability to deliver products and services to our customers and to conduct our business. replacing a third-party service provider could also take a long period of time and result in increased expenses.
7. changes in accounting policies, standards, and interpretations could materially affect how we report our financial condition and results of operations.
the fasb, regulatory agencies, and other bodies that establish accounting standards periodically change the financial accounting and reporting standards governing the preparation of our financial statements. additionally, those bodies that establish and interpret the accounting standards (such as the fasb, sec, and banking regulators) may change prior interpretations or positions on how these standards should be applied. these changes can be difficult to predict and can materially affect how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations. the fasb is currently close to issuing several new accounting standards that will have significant impacts on the banking industry.  most notably, new guidance on the calculation of credit reserves using expected losses (current expected credit losses) versus incurred losses is close to being finalized and, upon implementation, could
significantly impact our required credit reserves.  other impacts to capital levels, profit and loss, and various financial metrics will also result.
compliance risks:
1. bank regulations regarding capital and liquidity, including the annual ccar assessment process and the basel iii capital and liquidity standards, could require higher levels of capital and liquidity. among other things, these regulations could impact our ability to pay common stock dividends, repurchase common stock, attract cost-effective sources of deposits, or require the retention of higher amounts of low yielding securities.
the federal reserve administers the annual ccar, an assessment of the capital adequacy of bank holding companies with consolidated assets of $50 billion or more and of the practices used by covered banks to assess capital needs. under ccar, the federal reserve makes a qualitative assessment of capital adequacy on a forward-looking basis and reviews the strength of a bank holding company's capital adequacy process. the federal reserve also makes a quantitative assessment of capital based on supervisory-run stress tests that assess the ability to maintain capital levels above each minimum regulatory capital ratio and above a cet1 ratio of 4.5%, after making all capital actions included in a bank holding company's capital plan, under baseline and stressful conditions throughout a nine-quarter planning horizon. capital plans for 2016 are required to be submitted by april 5, 2016, and the federal reserve will either object to the capital plan and/or planned capital actions, or provide a notice of non-objection, no later than june 30, 2016. we intend to submit our capital plan to the federal reserve on or before april 5, 2016. the bank also must submit a capital plan to the occ on or before april 5, 2016. there can be no assurance that the federal reserve will respond favorably to our capital plan, capital actions or stress test and the federal reserve, occ, or other regulatory capital requirements may limit or otherwise restrict how we utilize our capital, including common stock dividends and stock repurchases.
in 2013, the federal reserve and the occ adopted final rules to implement the basel iii capital rules for u.s. banking organizations. the final rules establish an integrated regulatory capital framework and will implement in the united states the basel iii regulatory capital reforms from the basel committee on banking supervision and certain changes required by the dodd-frank act. under the final rule, minimum requirements will increase for both the quantity and quality of capital held by banking organizations. as a standardized approach institution, the basel iii minimum capital requirements became effective for us on january 1, 2015, and will be fully phased-in on january 1, 2019.
on september 3, 2014, the u.s. banking regulators approved a final rule to implement a minimum liquidity coverage ratio (lcr) requirement for banking organizations with total consolidated assets of $250 billion or more, and a less stringent modified lcr requirement to depository institution holding companies below the threshold but with total consolidated assets of $50 billion or more. the lcr requires covered banking organizations to maintain hqla equal to projected stressed cash outflows over a 30 calendar-day stress scenario. we are covered by the modified lcr requirement and therefore subject to the phase-in of the rule beginning january 2016 at 90% and january 2017 at 100%. we will also be required to calculate the lcr monthly. the lcr assigns less severe outflow assumptions to certain types of customer deposits, which should increase the demand, and perhaps the cost, among banks for these deposits. additionally, the hqla requirements will increase the demand for direct us government and us government- guaranteed debt that, while high quality, generally carry lower yields than other securities that banks hold in their investment portfolios.
2. if our regulators deem it appropriate, they can take regulatory actions that could result in a material adverse impact on our financial results, ability to compete for new business, or preclude mergers or acquisitions. in addition, regulatory actions could constrain our ability to fund our liquidity needs or pay dividends. any of these actions could increase the cost of our services.
we are subject to the supervision and regulation of various state and federal regulators, including the occ, federal reserve, fdic, sec, cfpb, financial industry regulatory authority, and various state regulatory agencies. as such, we are subject to a wide variety of laws and regulations, many of which are discussed in the regulatory matters section. as part of their supervisory process, which includes periodic examinations and continuous monitoring, the regulators have the authority to impose restrictions or conditions on our activities and the manner in which we manage the organization. such actions could negatively impact us in a variety of ways, including charging monetary fines, impacting our ability to pay dividends, precluding mergers or acquisitions, limiting our ability to offer certain products or services, or imposing additional capital requirements.
with the addition of the cfpb, our consumer products and services are subject to increasing regulatory oversight and scrutiny with respect to compliance under consumer laws and regulations. we may face a greater number or wider scope of investigations, enforcement actions, and litigation in the future related to consumer practices, thereby increasing costs associated with responding to or defending such actions. in addition, increased regulatory inquiries and investigations, as well as any additional legislative or regulatory developments affecting our consumer businesses, and any required changes to our business operations resulting from these developments, could result in significant loss of revenue, require remuneration to our customers, trigger fines or penalties, limit the products or services we offer, require us to increase our prices and, therefore, reduce demand for our products, impose additional compliance costs on us, cause harm to our reputation, or otherwise adversely affect our consumer businesses.
3. legislative and regulatory actions taken now or in the future that impact the financial industry may materially adversely affect us by increasing our costs, adding complexity in doing business, impeding the efficiency of our internal business processes, negatively impacting the recoverability of certain of our recorded assets, requiring us to increase our regulatory capital, limiting our ability to pursue business opportunities, and otherwise resulting in a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operation, liquidity, or stock price.
the dodd-frank act represents a comprehensive overhaul of the financial services industry within the united states, establishes the cfpb, and requires the bureau and other federal agencies to implement many new and significant rules and regulations. it is not possible to predict the full extent to which the dodd-frank act, or the resulting rules and regulations in their entirety, will impact our business. compliance with these new laws and regulations have and will continue to result in additional costs, which could be significant, and may have a material and adverse effect on our results of operations. in addition, if we do not appropriately comply with current or future legislation and regulations that apply to our consumer operations, we may be subject to fines, penalties or judgments, or material regulatory restrictions on our businesses, which could adversely affect operations and, in turn, financial results.
4. we may become subject to more stringent regulatory requirements and activity restrictions if the federal reserve and fdic determine that our resolution plan is not credible.
the dodd-frank act and implementing regulations jointly issued by federal reserve and the fdic require bank holding companies with more than $50 billion in assets to annually submit a resolution plan to the federal reserve and the fdic that, in the event of material financial distress or failure, establish the rapid, orderly resolution of the company under the u.s. bankruptcy code. if the federal reserve and the fdic jointly determine that our 2015 resolution plan is not "credible," we could become subjected to more stringent capital, leverage or liquidity requirements or restrictions, or restrictions on our growth, activities or operations, and could eventually be required to divest certain assets or operations in ways that could negatively impact its operations and strategy.
5. our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected if we lose our financial holding company status.
in order for us to maintain our status as a financial holding company, we and the bank must remain "well capitalized," and "well managed." if we or our bank cease to meet the requirements necessary for us to continue to qualify as a financial holding company, the federal reserve may impose upon us corrective capital and managerial requirements, and may place limitations on our ability to conduct all of the business activities that we conduct as a financial holding company. if the failure to meet these standards persists, we could be required to divest our bank, or cease all activities other than those activities that may be conducted by bank holding companies that are not financial holding companies. in addition, our ability to commence or engage in certain activities as a financial holding company will be restricted if the bank fails to maintain at least a "satisfactory" rating on its most recent community reinvestment act examination.
item 7: management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations introduction we are a multi-state diversified regional bank holding company organized under maryland law in 1966 and headquartered in columbus, ohio. through the bank, we have 150 years of servicing the financial needs of our customers. through our subsidiaries, we provide full-service commercial and consumer banking services, mortgage banking services, automobile financing, equipment leasing, investment management, trust services, brokerage services, insurance service programs, and other financial products and services. our 777 branches and private client group offices are located in ohio, michigan, pennsylvania, indiana, west virginia, and kentucky. selected financial services and other activities are also conducted in various other states. international banking services are available through the headquarters office in columbus, ohio and a limited purpose office located in the cayman islands. our foreign banking activities, in total or with any individual country, are not significant.
this md&a provides information we believe necessary for understanding our financial condition, changes in financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. the md&a should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements, notes to consolidated financial statements, and other information contained in this report. the forward-looking statements in this section and other parts of this report involve assumptions, risks, uncertainties, and other factors, including statements regarding our plans, objectives, goals, strategies, and financial performance. our actual results could differ materially from the results anticipated in these forward-looking statements as result of factors set forth under the caption "forward-looking statements" and those set forth in item 1a.
•   executive overview - provides a summary of our current financial performance and business overview, including our thoughts on the impact of the economy, legislative and regulatory initiatives, and recent industry developments. this section also provides our outlook regarding our expectations for the next several quarters.
•   discussion of results of operations - reviews financial performance from a consolidated company perspective. it also includes a significant items section that summarizes key issues helpful for understanding performance trends. key consolidated average balance sheet and income statement trends are also discussed in this section.
•   risk management and capital - discusses credit, market, liquidity, operational, and compliance risks, including how these are managed, as well as performance trends. it also includes a discussion of liquidity policies, how we obtain funding, and related performance. in addition, there is a discussion of guarantees and/or commitments made for items such as standby letters of credit and commitments to sell loans, and a discussion that reviews the adequacy of capital, including regulatory capital requirements.
•   business segment discussion - provides an overview of financial performance for each of our major business segments and provides additional discussion of trends underlying consolidated financial performance.
•   results for the fourth quarter - provides a discussion of results for the 2015 fourth quarter compared with the 2014 fourth quarter.
•   additional disclosures - provides comments on important matters including forward-looking statements, critical accounting policies and use of significant estimates, and recent accounting pronouncements and developments.
a reading of each section is important to understand fully the nature of our financial performance and prospects.
executive overview
2015 financial performance review in 2015, we reported net income of $693 million, or a 10% increase from the prior year. earnings per common share for the year were $0.81, up 13% from the prior year. this resulted in a 1.01% return on average assets and a 12.4% return on average tangible common equity. in addition, we grew our base of consumer and business customers as we increased 2015 average earning assets by $5.3 billion, or 9%, over the prior year. our strategic business investments and ocr sales approach continued to generate positive results in 2015. (also, see significant items influencing financial performance comparisons within the discussion of results of operations.)
fully-taxable equivalent net interest income was $2.0 billion in 2015, an increase of $118 million, or 6%, compared with 2014. this reflected the impact of 9% earning asset growth, 7% interest-bearing liability growth, and an 8 basis point decrease in the nim to 3.15%. the earning asset growth reflected a $3.2 billion, or 7%, increase in average loans and leases and a $1.8 billion, or 15%, increase in average securities. the increase in average loans and leases primarily reflected growth in c&i related to the acquisition of huntington technology finance and automobile loans, as originations remained strong. the increase in average securities primarily reflected the additional investment in lcr level 1 qualifying securities and the ongoing origination of direct purchase municipal instruments. the increase in interest-bearing liabilities primarily reflected growth in money market deposits related to continued
banker focus across all segments on obtaining our customers' full deposit relationship, an increase in total debt related to the issuance of bank-level senior debt during 2015, and an increase in brokered deposits and negotiated cds, which were used to efficiently finance balance sheet growth while continuing to manage the overall cost of funds. this was partially offset by a decrease in average core certificates of deposit due to the strategic focus on changing the funding sources to low and no cost demand deposits and money market deposits. the nim contraction reflected a 6 basis point decrease related to the mix and yield of earning assets and a 3 basis point increase in funding costs, partially offset by the 1 basis point increase in the benefit to the margin from the impact of noninterest-bearing funds.
overall asset quality remains strong, with modest volatility based on the absolute low level of problem credits. the provision for credit losses was $100 million in 2015, an increase of $19 million, or 23%, compared with 2014. nals increased $71 million, or 24%, from the prior year to $372 million, or 0.74% of total loans and leases. the increase was centered in the commercial portfolio and was comprised of several large oil and gas exploration and production relationships. npas increased $61 million, or 18%, from the prior year to $399 million, or 0.79% of total loans and leases and net oreo. ncos decreased $37 million, or 30%, from the prior year to $88 million. ncos represented an annualized 0.18% of average loans and leases in the current year compared to 0.27% in 2014. we continue to be pleased with the net charge-off performance across the entire portfolio, as we remain below our targeted range. overall consumer credit metrics, led by the home equity portfolio, continue to show an improving trend, while the commercial portfolios continue to experience some quarter-to-quarter volatility based on the absolute low level of problem loans. acl as a percentage of total loans and leases decreased to 1.33% from 1.40% a year ago, while the acl as a percentage of period-end total nals decreased to 180% from 222%. management believes the level of the acl is appropriate given the current composition of the overall loan and lease portfolio.
noninterest income was $1.0 billion in 2015, an increase of $60 million, or 6%, compared with 2014. this reflected an increase in cards and payment processing income, mortgage banking income, and gain on sale of loans. cards and payment processing income increased due to higher card related income and underlying customer growth. the increase in mortgage banking income was primarily driven by a $33 million, or 58%, increase in origination and secondary marketing revenue. gain on sale of loans increased due to an automobile loan securitization during 2015. these increases were partially offset by a decrease in securities gains and trust services. in 2014, we adjusted the mix of our securities portfolio to prepare for the lcr requirements, which resulted in securities gains. the decrease in trust services primarily related to our fiduciary trust businesses moving to a more open architecture platform and a decline in assets under management in proprietary mutual funds. during the 2015 fourth quarter, huntington sold haa, hasi, and unified.
noninterest expense was $2.0 billion in 2015, an increase of $94 million, or 5%, compared with 2014. this reflected an increase in personnel costs, other expense, and outside data processing and other services. personnel costs increased primarily due to an increase in salaries related to annual merit increases, the addition of huntington technology finance, and a 3% increase in the number of average full-time equivalent employees, largely related to the build-out of the in-store strategy. other noninterest expense increased due to an increase in operating lease expense related to huntington technology finance. outside data processing and other services increased, primarily reflecting higher debit and credit card processing costs and increased other technology investment expense, as we continue to invest in technology supporting our products, services, and our continuous improvement initiatives. these increases were partially offset by a decrease in amortization of intangibles reflecting the full amortization of the core deposit intangible from the sky financial acquisition.
the tangible common equity to tangible assets ratio at december 31, 2015, was 7.81%, down 36 basis points from a year ago. on a basel iii basis, the regulatory cet1 risk-based capital ratio was 9.79% at december 31, 2015, and the regulatory tier 1 risk-based capital ratio was 10.53%. on a basel i basis, the tier 1 common risk-based capital ratio was 10.23% at december 31, 2014, and the regulatory tier 1 risk-based capital ratio was 11.50%. all capital ratios were impacted by the repurchase of 23.0 million common shares over the last four quarters. during the 2015 fourth quarter, the company repurchased 2.5 million common shares at an average price of $11.59 per share under the $366 million repurchase authorization included in the 2015 ccar capital plan.
business overview general our general business objectives are: (1) grow net interest income and fee income, (2) deliver positive operating leverage, (3) increase primary relationships across all business segments, (4) continue to strengthen risk management, and (5) maintain capital and liquidity positions consistent with our risk appetite.
we are pleased with our 2015 performance. we delivered full-year revenue growth, disciplined expense control, strong net income, and eps growth for our shareholders. our consistent execution of disciplined lending and investment within a risk-balanced environment continues to pay off. we also took proactive steps to better position the company moving into 2016 by investing in key growth drivers, such as technology and our in-store strategy, while exiting some non-core businesses. furthermore, the finalization of our in-store branch expansion is also visibly supporting our deposit and loan growth.
economy our small and medium sized commercial customers continue to express confidence in their businesses, while consumers continue to benefit from recovering real estate markets, low energy prices, and early signs of wage inflation in certain markets. the auto industry is an important component of the economy in our footprint, and it appears poised for another good year in 2016. other industries that contribute meaningfully to the regional economy, such as health care, medical devices and medical technology, and higher education, among others, also remain positive. conversely, the low energy prices have negatively impacted certain sectors of the energy industry, including oil exploration and production firms.
the state leading economic indices, as reported by the federal reserve bank of philadelphia for our six state footprint, are all projected to be positive over the next six months, including west virginia, which had been hard hit of late from the impact of declining coal prices.
unemployment rates in our footprint states continue to trend positively and most remain in line with or better than the national average. there is also a positive trend for our ten largest deposit markets, which collectively account for more than 80% of our total deposit franchise. almost all of these markets continue to trend favorably, and seven of the ten markets currently have unemployment rates below the national average.
legislative and regulatory a comprehensive discussion of legislative and regulatory matters affecting us can be found in the regulatory matters section included in item 1 of this form 10-k.
2016 expectations we are well positioned starting the new year. we continue to budget for unchanged interest rates through 2016. we will continue to execute our core strategies to deepen and grow customer relationships while carefully managing expenses to stay on course for 2016 performance.
excluding significant items and net msr activity, we expect full-year revenue growth will be consistent with our long-term financial goal of 4-6%. while continuing to proactively invest in the franchise, we will manage the expense base to reflect the revenue environment.
overall, asset quality metrics are expected to remain near current levels, although moderate quarterly volatility also is expected, given the quickly evolving macroeconomic conditions, commodities, and currency market volatility. although we expect a gradual return to normalized credit costs, we anticipate ncos will remain below our long-term normalized range of 35 to 55 basis points.
the effective tax rate for 2016 is expected to be in the range of 25% to 28%.
pending acquisition of firstmerit corporation on january 26, 2016, huntington announced the signing of a definitive merger agreement under which ohio-based firstmerit corporation, the parent company of firstmerit bank, will merge into huntington in a stock and cash transaction expected to be valued at approximately $3.4 billion based on the closing stock price on the day preceding the announcement. firstmerit corporation is a diversified financial services company headquartered in akron, ohio, which reported assets of approximately $25.5 billion based on their december 31, 2015 unaudited balance sheet, and 366 banking offices and 400 atm locations in ohio, michigan, wisconsin, illinois, and pennsylvania. first merit corporation provides a complete range of banking and other financial services to consumers and businesses through its core operations. principal affiliates include: firstmerit bank, n.a. and first merit mortgage corporation.
under the terms of the agreement, shareholders of firstmerit corporation will receive 1.72 shares of huntington common stock and $5.00 in cash for each share of firstmerit corporation common stock. the transaction is expected to be completed in the 2016 third quarter, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions, including regulatory approvals and the approval of the shareholders of huntington and firstmerit corporation.
year ended december 31, change from 2014                                                     change from 2013
provision for credit losses                                    99,954                  18,965              23                     80,989                  (9,056    )          (10     )               90,045
net interest income after provision for credit losses       1,850,783                  94,631               5                  1,756,152                 141,589                 9                  1,614,563
service charges on deposit accounts                           280,349                   6,608               2                    273,741                   1,939                 1                    271,802
cards and payment processing income                           142,715                  37,314              35                    105,401                  12,810                14                     92,591
capital markets fees                                           53,616                   9,885              23                     43,731                  (1,489    )           (3     )               45,220
securities gains (losses)                                         744                 (16,810    )        (96     )               17,554                  17,136             4,100                        418
personnel costs                                             1,122,182                  73,407               7                  1,048,775                  47,138                 5                  1,001,637
outside data processing and other services                    231,353                  18,767               9                    212,586                  13,039                 7                    199,547
marketing                                                      52,213                   1,653               3                     50,560                    (625    )           (1     )               51,185
deposit and other insurance expense                            44,609                  (4,435    )         (9     )               49,044                  (1,117    )           (2     )               50,161
income before income taxes                                    913,605                  60,620               7                    852,985                 (15,771    )           (2     )              868,756
provision for income taxes                                    220,648                      55               -                    220,593                  (6,881    )           (3     )              227,474
(1)   comparisons for presented periods are impacted by a number of factors. refer to "significant items".
discussion of results of operations this section provides a review of financial performance from a consolidated perspective. it also includes a "significant items" section (see non-gaap financial measures) that summarizes key issues important for a complete understanding of performance trends. key consolidated balance sheet and income statement trends are discussed. all earnings per share data are reported on a diluted basis. for additional insight on financial performance, please read this section in conjunction with the "business segment discussion."
significant items earnings comparisons among the three years ended december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013 were impacted by a number of significant items summarized below.
1.   litigation reserve. $38 million and $21 million of net additions to litigation reserves were recorded as other noninterest expense in 2015 and 2014, respectively. this resulted in a negative impact of $0.03 and $0.02 per common share in 2015 and 2014, respectively.
2.   mergers and acquisitions. significant events relating to mergers and acquisitions, and the impacts of those events on our reported results, were as follows:
•   during 2015, $9 million of noninterest expense was recorded related to the acquisition of macquarie equipment finance, which was rebranded huntington technology finance. also during 2015, $4 million of noninterest expense and $3 million of noninterest income was recorded related to the sale of haa, hasi, and unified. this resulted in a negative impact of $0.01 per common share in 2015.
•   during 2014, $16 million of net noninterest expense was recorded related to the acquisition of 24 bank of america branches and camco financial. this resulted in a net negative impact of $0.01 per common share in 2014.
3.   franchise repositioning related expense. significant events relating to franchise repositioning, and the impacts of those events on our reported results, were as follows:
•   during 2015, $8 million of franchise repositioning related expense was recorded. this resulted in a negative impact of $0.01 per common share in 2015.
•   during 2014, $28 million of franchise repositioning related expense was recorded. this resulted in a negative impact of $0.02 per common share in 2014.
•   during 2013, $23 million of franchise repositioning related expense was recorded. this resulted in a negative impact of $0.02 per common share in 2013.
4.   pension curtailment gain. during 2013, a $34 million pension curtailment gain was recorded in personnel costs. this resulted in a positive impact of $0.03 per common share in 2013.
the following table reflects the earnings impact of the above-mentioned significant items for periods affected by this results of operations discussion:
table 3 - significant items influencing earnings performance comparison
significant items-favorable (unfavorable) impact:   earnings (1)                       eps (2)(3)             earnings (1)              eps (2)(3)             earnings (1)              eps (2)(3)
net additions to litigation reserve                 $(38,186            )              $(0.03      )          $(20,909      )           $(0.02      )          $-                        $-
mergers and acquisitions, net                       (9,323              )              (0.01       )          (15,818       )           (0.01       )          -                         -
franchise repositioning related expense             (7,588              )              (0.01       )          (27,976       )           (0.02       )          (23,461       )           (0.02       )
net interest income / average balance sheet our primary source of revenue is net interest income, which is the difference between interest income from earning assets (primarily loans, securities, and direct financing leases), and interest expense of funding sources (primarily interest-bearing deposits and borrowings). earning asset balances and related funding sources, as well as changes in the levels of interest rates, impact net interest income. the difference between the average yield on earning assets and the average rate paid for interest-bearing liabilities is the net interest spread. noninterest-bearing sources of funds, such as demand deposits and shareholders' equity, also support earning assets. the impact of the noninterest-bearing sources of funds, often referred to as "free" funds, is captured in the net interest margin, which is calculated as net interest income divided by average earning assets. both the net interest margin and net interest spread are presented on a fully-taxable equivalent basis, which means that tax-free interest income has been adjusted to a pretax equivalent income, assuming a 35% tax rate.
the following table shows changes in fully-taxable equivalent interest income, interest expense, and net interest income due to volume and rate variances for major categories of earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities:
table 4 - change in net interest income due to changes in average volume and interest rates (1)
investment securities                                           45.8                         3.2                        49.0                       69.7          10.2                                      79.9
other earning assets                                            10.4                         0.7                        11.1                       (6.3      )   0.2                                       (6.1      )
total interest income from earning assets                      173.8                 (31.2         )                   142.6                      200.1                 (84.1         )                   116.0
deposits                                                         5.6                 (9.9          )                    (4.3      )                 5.2                 (35.0         )                   (29.8      )
total interest expense of interest-bearing liabilities          34.1                 (9.6          )                    24.5                       36.8                 (53.5         )                   (16.7      )
(1)   the change in interest rates due to both rate and volume has been allocated between the factors in proportion to the relationship of the absolute dollar amounts of the change in each.
average balances change from 2014                                                  change from 2013
assets interest-bearing deposits in banks                    $90                      $5                 6     %               $85                     $15                21     %               $70
loans held for sale                                   654         331                           102         323                                (198     )         (38     )               521
available-for-sale and other securities:
total available-for-sale and other securities      10,074                   1,860                23                   8,214                   1,268                18                   6,946
trading account securities                                46                   -             -                  46                 (34   )       (43   )              80
held-to-maturity securities-taxable                    3,513                 (99   )        (3   )           3,612               1,457            68               2,155
total securities                                      13,633               1,761            15              11,872               2,691            29               9,181
consumer:
home equity                                            8,494                  99             1               8,395                  85             1               8,310
other consumer                                           481                  85            21                 396                 (40   )        (9   )             436
total consumer                                        23,685               1,601             7              22,084               2,461            13              19,623
allowance for loan and lease losses                     (606   )              32            (5   )            (638   )              87           (12   )            (725   )
total earning assets                                  63,023               5,318             9              57,705               6,107            12              51,598
intangible assets                                        703                 125            22                 578                  21             4                 557
all other assets                                       4,238                 282             7               3,956                  (5   )         -               3,961
total assets                                         $68,581              $6,082            10   %         $62,499              $6,200            11   %         $56,299
liabilities and shareholders' equity deposits:
demand deposits-noninterest-bearing                  $16,342              $2,354            17   %         $13,988              $1,117             9   %         $12,871
demand deposits-interest-bearing                       6,573                 677            11               5,896                  41             1               5,855
total demand deposits                                 22,915               3,031            15              19,884               1,158             6              18,726
money market deposits                                 19,383               1,466             8              17,917               2,242            14              15,675
savings and other domestic deposits                    5,220                 189             4               5,031                   2             -               5,029
core certificates of deposit                           2,603                (712   )       (21   )           3,315              (1,234   )       (27   )           4,549
total core deposits                                   50,121               3,974             9              46,147               2,168             5              43,979
other domestic time deposits of $250,000 or more         256                  14             6                 242                 (64   )       (21   )             306
brokered time deposits and negotiable cds              2,753                 614            29               2,139                 533            33               1,606
deposits in foreign offices                              502                 127            34                 375                  29             8                 346
total deposits                                        53,632               4,729            10              48,903               2,666             6              46,237
total interest-bearing liabilities                    44,242               3,071             7              41,171               4,732            13              36,439
all other liabilities                                  1,461                 391            37               1,070                  (4   )         -               1,074
shareholders' equity                                   6,536                 266             4               6,270                 355             6               5,915
total liabilities and shareholders' equity           $68,581              $6,082            10   %         $62,499              $6,200            11   %         $56,299
assets interest-bearing deposits in banks                           $90                          $103                          $102                 0.10      %          0.12      %          0.15      %
loans held for sale                                       23,812                        12,728                        18,905                 3.64                 3.94                 3.63
securities:
available-for-sale and other securities:
total available-for-sale and other securities            266,741                       215,642                       174,220                 2.65                 2.63                 2.51
trading account securities                                   493                           421                           355                 1.06                 0.92                 0.44
held-to-maturity securities-taxable                       86,614                        88,724                        50,214                 2.47                 2.46                 2.33
total securities                                         353,848                       304,787                       224,789                 2.60                 2.57                 2.45
consumer:
home equity                                              340,342                       343,281                       345,379                 4.01                 4.09                 4.16
other consumer                                            41,866                        28,824                        27,939                 8.71                 7.30                 6.41
total consumer                                           885,265                       848,304                       794,388                 3.74                 3.84                 4.05
total earning assets                                  $2,146,636                    $2,004,012                    $1,887,977                 3.41      %          3.47      %          3.66      %
liabilities and shareholders' equity deposits:
demand deposits-noninterest-bearing                           $-                            $-                            $-                    -      %             -      %             -      %
demand deposits-interest-bearing                           4,278                         2,272                         2,525                 0.07                 0.04                 0.04
total demand deposits                                      4,278                         2,272                         2,525                 0.02                 0.01                 0.01
money market deposits                                     43,406                        42,156                        38,830                 0.22                 0.24                 0.25
savings and other domestic deposits                        7,340                         8,779                        13,292                 0.14                 0.17                 0.26
core certificates of deposit                              20,646                        26,998                        50,544                 0.79                 0.81                 1.11
total core deposits                                       75,670                        80,205                       105,191                 0.22                 0.25                 0.34
other domestic time deposits of $250,000 or more           1,078                         1,036                         1,442                 0.42                 0.43                 0.47
brokered time deposits and negotiable cds                  4,767                         4,728                         9,100                 0.17                 0.22                 0.57
deposits in foreign offices                                  659                           483                           508                 0.13                 0.13                 0.15
total deposits                                            82,174                        86,452                       116,241                 0.22                 0.25                 0.35
total interest-bearing liabilities                    163,784         139,321         156,029      0.37          0.34          0.43
(2)   for purposes of this analysis, nonaccrual loans are reflected in the average balances of loans.
(3)   yield/rates and amounts include the effects of hedge and risk management activities associated with the respective asset and liability categories.
fully-taxable equivalent net interest income for 2015 increased $118 million, or 6%, from 2014. this reflected the impact of 9% earning asset growth, partially offset by 7% interest-bearing liability growth and an 8 basis point decrease in the nim to 3.15%.
average earning assets increased $5.3 billion, or 9%, from the prior year, driven by:
•   $1.8 billion, or 15%, increase in average securities, primarily reflecting additional investment in lcr level 1 qualifying securities. the 2015 average balance also included $1.7 billion of direct purchase municipal instruments originated by our commercial segment, up from $1.0 billion in the year-ago period.
•   $1.4 billion, or 8%, increase in average c&amp;i loans and leases, primarily reflecting the $0.9 billion increase in asset finance, including the $0.8 billion of equipment finance leases acquired in the huntington technology finance transaction at the end of the 2015 first quarter.
average noninterest-bearing demand deposits increased $2.4 billion, or 17%, while average total interest-bearing liabilities increased $3.1 billion, or 7%, primarily reflecting:
•   $1.5 billion, or 8%, increase in money market deposits, reflecting continued banker focus across all segments on obtaining our customers' full deposit relationship.
•   $0.7 billion, or 11%, increase in average interest-bearing demand deposits. the increase reflected growth in both consumer and commercial accounts.
•   $0.7 billion, or 11%, increase in average total debt, reflecting a $2.1 billion, or 60%, increase in average long-term debt partially offset by a $1.4 billion, or 51%, reduction in average short-term borrowings. the increase in average long-term debt reflected the issuance of $3.1 billion of bank-level senior debt during 2015, including $0.9 billion during the 2015 fourth quarter, as well as $0.5 billion of debt assumed in the huntington technology finance acquisition at the end of the 2015 first quarter.
•   $0.6 billion, or 29%, increase in brokered deposits and negotiated cds, which were used to efficiently finance balance sheet growth while continuing to manage the overall cost of funds.
•   $0.7 billion, or 21%, decrease in average core certificates of deposit due to the strategic focus on changing the funding sources to low- and no-cost demand deposits and money market deposits.
the primary items impacting the decrease in the nim were:
•   6 basis point negative impact from the mix and yield on earning assets, primarily reflecting lower rates on loans and the impact of an increase in total securities balances.
•   3 basis point negative impact from the mix and yield of total interest-bearing liabilities.
•   1 basis point increase in the benefit to the margin of noninterest-bearing funds.
fully-taxable equivalent net interest income for 2014 increased $133 million, or 8%, from 2013. this reflected the impact of 12% earning asset growth, partially offset by 13% interest-bearing liability growth and a 13 basis point decrease in the nim to 3.23%.
average earning assets increased $6.1 billion, or 12%, from the prior year, driven by:
•   $2.7 billion, or 29%, increase in average securities, reflecting an increase of lcr level 1 qualified securities and direct purchase municipal instruments.
•   $1.2 billion, or 7%, increase in average c&amp;i loans and leases, primarily reflecting growth in trade finance in support of our middle market and corporate customers.
•   $0.4 billion, or 8%, increase in average residential mortgage loans as a result of the camco financial acquisition and a decrease in the rate of payoffs due to lower levels of refinancing.
average noninterest bearing deposits increased $1.1 billion, or 9%, while average interest-bearing liabilities increased $4.7 billion, or 13%, from 2013, primarily reflecting:
•   $3.2 billion, or 104%, increase in short-term borrowings and long-term debt, which are a cost effective method of funding incremental securities growth.
•   $2.2 billion, or 14%, increase in money market deposits, reflecting the strategic focus on customer growth and increased share-of-wallet among both consumer and commercial customers.
•   $0.5 billion, or 33%, increase in brokered deposits and negotiated cds, which were used to efficiently finance balance sheet growth while continuing to manage the overall cost of funds.
•   $1.2 billion, or 27%, decrease in average core certificates of deposit due to the strategic focus on changing the funding sources to no-cost demand deposits and lower-cost money market deposits.
the primary items impacting the decrease in the nim were:
•   19 basis point negative impact from the mix and yield on earning assets, primarily reflecting lower rates on loans, and the impact of an increased total securities balance.
•   3 basis point decrease in the benefit to the margin of noninterest bearing funds, reflecting lower interest rates on total interest bearing liabilities from the prior year.
•   9 basis point positive impact from the mix and yield of total interest-bearing liabilities, reflecting the strategic focus on changing the funding sources from higher rate time deposits to no-cost demand deposits and low-cost money market deposits.
provision for credit losses
(this section should be read in conjunction with the credit risk section.)
the provision for credit losses is the expense necessary to maintain the alll and the aulc at levels appropriate to absorb our estimate of credit losses inherent in the loan and lease portfolio and the portfolio of unfunded loan commitments and letters-of-credit.
the provision for credit losses in 2015 was $100 million, up $19 million, or 23%, from 2014, reflecting a $37 million, or 30%, decrease in ncos. the provision for credit losses in 2015 was $12 million more than total ncos.
the provision for credit losses in 2014 was $81 million, down $9 million, or 10%, from 2013, reflecting a $64 million, or 34%, decrease in ncos. the provision for credit losses in 2014 was $44 million less than total ncos.
noninterest income the following table reflects noninterest income for the past three years:
year ended december 31, change from 2014                                                change from 2013
service charges on deposit accounts        $280,349              $6,608               2     %          $273,741                $1,939                 1   %              $271,802
cards and payment processing income         142,715              37,314              35                 105,401                12,810                14                    92,591
capital markets fees                         53,616               9,885              23                  43,731                (1,489    )           (3   )                45,220
securities gains (losses)                       744             (16,810    )        (96     )            17,554                17,136             4,100         418
•   $37 million, or 35%, increase in cards and payment processing income due to higher card related income and underlying customer growth.
•   $27 million, or 32%, increase in mortgage banking income primarily driven by a $33 million, or 58%, increase in origination and secondary marketing revenue.
•   $12 million, or 57%, increase in gain on sale of loans primarily reflecting an increase of $7 million in sba loan sales gains and the $5 million automobile loan securitization gain during the 2015 second quarter.
•   $10 million, or 23%, increase in capital market fees primarily related to customer foreign exchange and commodities derivatives products.
•   $17 million, or 96% decrease in securities gains as we adjusted the mix of our securities portfolio to prepare for the lcr requirements during the 2014 first quarter.
•   $10 million, or 9%, decrease in trust services primarily related to our fiduciary trust businesses moving to a more open architecture platform and a decline in assets under management in proprietary mutual funds. during the 2015 fourth quarter, huntington sold haa, hasi, and unified.
•   $42 million, or 33%, decrease in mortgage banking income primarily driven by a $28 million, or 33%, reduction in origination and secondary marketing revenue as originations decreased and gain-on-sale margins compressed, and a $14 million negative impact from net msr hedging activity.
•   $13 million, or 9%, decrease in other income primarily due to a decrease in lihtc gains and lower fees associated with commercial loan activity.
•   $17 million increase in securities gains as we adjusted the mix of our securities portfolio to prepare for the lcr requirements.
•   $13 million, or 14%, increase in cards and payment processing income due to higher card related income and underlying customer growth.
(this section should be read in conjunction with significant items 1, 2, 3, and 4.)
the following table reflects noninterest expense for the past three years:
year ended december 31, change from 2014                                                           change from 2013
personnel costs                                         $1,122,182                     $73,407                    7      %             $1,048,775                     $47,138                 5   %            $1,001,637
outside data processing and other services                 231,353                      18,767                    9                       212,586                      13,039                 7                   199,547
marketing                                                   52,213                       1,653                    3                        50,560                        (625      )         (1   )                51,185
deposit and other insurance expense                         44,609                      (4,435      )            (9      )                 49,044                      (1,117      )         (2   )                50,161
impacts of significant items:
personnel costs                                 $5,457               $19,850             $(27,249      )
outside data processing and other services       4,365                 5,507             1,350
marketing                                           28                 1,357             -
year ended december 31,                        change from 2014                  change from 2013
(dollar amounts in thousands)                               2015   2014                        2013                                      amount          percent           amount          percent personnel costs                                 $1,116,725                  $1,028,925                  $1,028,886                 $87,800               9     %         $39               -     %
outside data processing and other services         226,988                     207,079                     198,197                  19,909              10             8,882               4
marketing                                           52,185                      49,203                      51,185                   2,982               6            (1,982    )         (4     )
deposit and other insurance expense                 44,609                      49,044                      50,161                  (4,435    )         (9     )      (1,117    )         (2     )
•   $73 million, or 7%, increase in personnel costs. excluding the impact of significant items, personnel costs increased $88 million, or 9%, reflecting a $79 million increase in salaries related to the 2015 second quarter implementation of annual merit increases, the addition of huntington technology finance, and a 3% increase in the number of average full-time equivalent employees, largely related to the build-out of the in-store strategy.
•   $26 million, or 15%, increase in other noninterest expense. excluding the impact of significant items, other noninterest expense increased $10 million, or 7%, due to an increase in operating lease expense related to huntington technology finance.
•   $19 million, or 9%, increase in outside data processing and other services. excluding the impact of significant items, outside data processing and other services increased $20 million, or 10%, primarily reflecting higher debit and credit card processing costs and increased other technology investment expense, as we continue to invest in technology supporting our products, services, and our continuous improvement initiatives.
•   $11 million, or 29%, decrease in amortization of intangibles reflecting the full amortization of the core deposit intangible at the end of the 2015 second quarter from the sky financial acquisition.
•   $9 million, or 16%, decrease in professional services. excluding the impact of significant items, professional services decreased $12 million, or 21%, reflecting a decrease in outside consultant expenses related to strategic planning.
•   $6 million, or 5%, decrease in net occupancy. excluding the impact of significant items, net occupancy remained relatively unchanged.
•   $47 million, or 5%, increase in personnel costs. excluding the impact of significant items, personnel costs were relatively unchanged.
•   $33 million, or 24%, increase in other noninterest expense. excluding the impact of significant items, other noninterest expense increased $11 million, or 8%, due to an increase in state franchise taxes, protective advances, and litigation expense.
•   $19 million, or 47%, increase in professional services. excluding the impact of significant items, professional services increased $16 million, or 41%, reflecting an increase in outside consultant expenses related to strategic planning and legal services.
•   $13 million, or 7%, increase in outside data processing and other services. excluding the impact of significant items, outside data processing and other services increased $9 million, or 4%, primarily reflecting higher debit and credit card processing costs and increased other technology investment expense, as we continue to invest in technology supporting our products, services, and our continuous improvement initiatives.
•   $13 million, or 12%, increase in equipment. excluding the impact of significant items, equipment increased $13 million, or 12%, primarily reflecting higher depreciation expense.
provision for income taxes
(this section should be read in conjunction with note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.)
the provision for income taxes was $221 million for 2015 compared with a provision for income taxes of $221 million in 2014. both years included the benefits from tax-exempt income, tax-advantaged investments, release of federal capital loss carryforward valuation allowance, general business credits, and investments in qualified affordable housing projects. in 2015, a $69 million reduction in the provision for federal income taxes was recorded for the portion of federal deferred tax assets related to capital loss carryforwards that are more likely than not to be realized compared to a $27 million reduction in 2014. in 2015, there was essentially no change recorded in the provision for state income taxes, for the portion of state deferred tax assets and state net operating loss carryforwards that are more likely than not to be realized, compared to a $7 million reduction, net of federal taxes, in 2014. at december 31, 2015, we had a net federal deferred tax asset of $7 million and a net state deferred tax asset of $43 million.
we file income tax returns with the irs and various state, city, and foreign jurisdictions. federal income tax audits have been completed for tax years through 2009. the irs is currently examining our 2010 and 2011 consolidated federal income tax returns. various state and other jurisdictions remain open to examination, including ohio, kentucky, indiana, michigan, pennsylvania, west virginia and illinois.
the provision for income taxes was $221 million for 2014 compared with a provision for income taxes of $227 million in 2013. both years included the benefits from tax-exempt income, tax-advantaged investments, general business credits, and the change in accounting for investments in qualified affordable housing projects. in 2014, a $27 million reduction in the 2014 provision for federal income taxes was recorded for the portion of federal capital loss carryforward deferred tax assets that are more likely than not to be realized compared to a $93 million increase in 2013. in 2014, a $7 million reduction in the 2014 provision for state income taxes, net of federal taxes, was recorded for the portion of state deferred tax assets and state net operating loss carryforwards that are more likely than not to be realized, compared to a $6 million reduction in 2013.
risk management and capital a comprehensive discussion of risk management and capital matters affecting us can be found in the risk governance section included in item 1a and the regulatory matters section of item 1 of this form 10-k.
some of the more significant processes used to manage and control credit, market, liquidity, operational, and compliance risks are described in the following paragraphs.
credit risk credit risk is the risk of financial loss if a counterparty is not able to meet the agreed upon terms of the financial obligation. the majority of our credit risk is associated with lending activities, as the acceptance and management of credit risk is central to profitable lending. we also have credit risk associated with our afs and htm securities portfolios (see note 4 and note 5 of the notes to consolidated financial statements). we engage with other financial counterparties for a variety of purposes including investing, asset and liability management, mortgage banking, and trading activities. while there is credit risk associated with derivative activity, we believe this exposure is minimal.
we continue to focus on the identification, monitoring, and managing of our credit risk. in addition to the traditional credit risk mitigation strategies of credit policies and processes, market risk management activities, and portfolio diversification, we use quantitative measurement capabilities utilizing external data sources, enhanced use of modeling technology, and internal stress testing processes. our portfolio management resources demonstrate our commitment to maintaining an aggregate moderate-to-low risk profile. in our efforts to continue to identify risk mitigation techniques, we have focused on product design features, origination policies, and solutions for delinquent or stressed borrowers.
the maximum level of credit exposure to individual credit borrowers is limited by policy guidelines based on the perceived risk of each borrower or related group of borrowers. all authority to grant commitments is delegated through the independent credit administration function and is closely monitored and regularly updated. concentration risk is managed through limits on loan type, geography, industry, and loan quality factors. we focus predominantly on extending credit to retail and commercial customers with existing or expandable relationships within our primary banking markets, although we will consider lending opportunities outside our primary markets if we believe the associated risks are acceptable and aligned with strategic initiatives. although we offer a broad set of products, we continue to develop new lending products and opportunities. each of these new products and opportunities goes through a rigorous development and approval process prior to implementation to ensure our overall objective of maintaining an aggregate moderate-to-low risk portfolio profile.
the checks and balances in the credit process and the separation of the credit administration and risk management functions are designed to appropriately assess and sanction the level of credit risk being accepted, facilitate the early recognition of credit problems when they occur, and provide for effective problem asset management and resolution. for example, we do not extend additional credit to delinquent borrowers except in certain circumstances that substantially improve our overall repayment or collateral coverage position.
our asset quality indicators reflected overall stabilization of our credit quality performance in 2015 compared to 2014.
loan and lease credit exposure mix at december 31, 2015, our loans and leases totaled $50.3 billion, representing a $2.7 billion, or 6%, increase compared to $47.7 billion at december 31, 2014. there was continued growth in the c&i portfolio, primarily as a result of an increase in equipment leases of $0.8 billion related to the acquisition of huntington technology finance. in addition, the automobile portfolio increased by
$0.8 billion as a result of strong originations. the cre portfolio had modest growth over the period as the continued runoff of the non-core portfolio was more than offset by new production within the requirements associated with our internal concentration limits.
total commercial loans and leases were $25.8 billion at december 31, 2015, and represented 51% of our total loan and lease credit exposure. our commercial loan portfolio is diversified along product type, customer size, and geography within our footprint, and is comprised of the following (see commercial credit discussion):
c&i - c&i loans and leases are made to commercial customers for use in normal business operations to finance working capital needs, equipment purchases, or other projects. the majority of these borrowers are customers doing business within our geographic regions. c&i loans and leases are generally underwritten individually and secured with the assets of the company and/or the personal guarantee of the business owners. the financing of owner occupied facilities is considered a c&i loan even though there is improved real estate as collateral. this treatment is a result of the credit decision process, which focuses on cash flow from operations of the business to repay the debt. the operation, sale, rental, or refinancing of the real estate is not considered the primary repayment source for these types of loans. as we have expanded our c&i portfolio, we have developed a series of "vertical specialties" to ensure that new products or lending types are embedded within a structured, centralized commercial lending area with designated, experienced credit officers. these specialties are comprised of either targeted industries (for example, healthcare, food & agribusiness, energy, etc.) and/or lending disciplines (equipment finance, abl, etc.), all of which requires a high degree of expertise and oversight to effectively mitigate and monitor risk. as such, we have dedicated colleagues and teams focused on bringing value added expertise to these specialty clients.
cre - cre loans consist of loans to developers and reits supporting income-producing or for-sale commercial real estate properties. we mitigate our risk on these loans by requiring collateral values that exceed the loan amount and underwriting the loan with projected cash flow in excess of the debt service requirement. these loans are made to finance properties such as apartment buildings, office and industrial buildings, and retail shopping centers, and are repaid through cash flows related to the operation, sale, or refinance of the property.
construction cre - construction cre loans are loans to developers, companies, or individuals used for the construction of a commercial or residential property for which repayment will be generated by the sale or permanent financing of the property. our construction cre portfolio primarily consists of retail, multi family, office, and warehouse project types. generally, these loans are for construction projects that have been presold or preleased, or have secured permanent financing, as well as loans to real estate companies with significant equity invested in each project. these loans are underwritten and managed by a specialized real estate lending group that actively monitors the construction phase and manages the loan disbursements according to the predetermined construction schedule.
total consumer loans and leases were $24.5 billion at december 31, 2015, and represented 49% of our total loan and lease credit exposure. the consumer portfolio is comprised primarily of automobile loans, home equity loans and lines-of-credit, and residential mortgages (see consumer credit discussion). the increase from december 31, 2014 primarily relates to growth in the automobile portfolio.
automobile - automobile loans are comprised primarily of loans made through automotive dealerships and include exposure in selected states outside of our primary banking markets. the exposure outside of our primary banking markets represents 22% of the total exposure, with no individual state representing more than 7%. applications are underwritten using an automated underwriting system that applies consistent policies and processes across the portfolio.
home equity - home equity lending includes both home equity loans and lines-of-credit. this type of lending, which is secured by a first-lien or junior-lien on the borrower's residence, allows customers to borrow against the equity in their home or refinance existing mortgage debt. products include closed-end loans which are generally fixed-rate with principal and interest payments, and variable-rate, interest-only lines-of-credit which do not require payment of principal during the 10-year revolving period. the home equity line of credit may convert to a 20-year amortizing structure at the end of the revolving period. applications are underwritten centrally in conjunction with an automated underwriting system. the home equity underwriting criteria is based on minimum credit scores, debt-to-income ratios, and ltv ratios, with current collateral valuations. the underwriting for the floating rate lines of credit also incorporates a stress analysis for a rising interest rate.
residential mortgage - residential mortgage loans represent loans to consumers for the purchase or refinance of a residence. these loans are generally financed over a 15-year to 30-year term, and in most cases, are extended to borrowers to finance their primary residence. applications are underwritten centrally using consistent credit policies and processes. all residential mortgage loan decisions utilize a full appraisal for collateral valuation. huntington has not originated or acquired residential mortgages that allow negative amortization or allow the borrower multiple payment options.
other consumer - other consumer loans primarily consists of consumer loans not secured by real estate, including personal unsecured loans, overdraft balances, and credit cards.
the table below provides the composition of our total loan and lease portfolio:
table 8 - loan and lease portfolio composition
consumer:
home equity                        8,471          17               8,491          18               8,336          19               8,335          20               8,215          21
other consumer                       563           1                 414           1                 380           2                 419           1                 498           3
total consumer                    24,513          49              23,426          49              20,676          48              18,358          44              18,399          48
(1)   as defined by regulatory guidance, there were no commercial loans outstanding that would be considered a concentration of lending to a particular industry or group of industries.
our loan portfolio is diversified by consumer and commercial credit. at the corporate level, we manage the credit exposure in part via a credit concentration policy. the policy designates specific loan types, collateral types, and loan structures to be formally tracked and assigned limits as a percentage of capital. c&i lending by naics categories, specific limits for cre primary project types, loans secured by residential real estate, shared national credit exposure, and designated high risk loan definitions represent examples of specifically tracked components of our concentration management process. currently there are no identified concentrations that exceed the established limit. our concentration management policy is approved by the risk oversight committee (roc) and is one of the strategies used to ensure a high quality, well diversified portfolio that is consistent with our overall objective of maintaining an aggregate moderate-to-low risk profile. changes to existing concentration limits require the approval of the roc prior to implementation, incorporating specific information relating to the potential impact on the overall portfolio composition and performance metrics.
the table below provides our total loan and lease portfolio segregated by the type of collateral securing the loan or lease. the changes in the collateral composition from december 31, 2014 are consistent with the portfolio growth metrics, with increases noted in the machinery/equipment and vehicle categories. the increase in machinery/equipment reflects the addition of approximately $0.8 billion in equipment leases related to the acquisition of huntington technology finance.
the increase in the unsecured exposure is centered in high quality commercial credit customers.
table 9 - loan and lease portfolio by collateral type
real estate-consumer                14,469                   29              14,322          30              13,657          32              13,305          33              13,444          35
securities/deposits                    974                    2                 964           2       786                     2       826                     2       800                     2
(1)   2015 includes a decrease of approximately $0.8 billion in automobile loans resulting from an automobile securitization transaction.
(2)   reflects the addition of approximately $0.8 billion in equipment leases related to the acquisition of huntington technology finance.
commercial credit the primary factors considered in commercial credit approvals are the financial strength of the borrower, assessment of the borrower's management capabilities, cash flows from operations, industry sector trends, type and sufficiency of collateral, type of exposure, transaction structure, and the general economic outlook. while these are the primary factors considered, there are a number of other factors that may be considered in the decision process. we utilize a centralized preview and senior loan approval committee, led by our chief credit officer. the risk rating (see next paragraph) and complexity of the credit determines the threshold for approval of the senior loan committee with a minimum credit exposure of $10.0 million. for loans not requiring senior loan committee approval, with the exception of small business loans, credit officers who understand each local region and are experienced in the industries and loan structures of the requested credit exposure are involved in all loan decisions and have the primary credit authority. for small business loans, we utilize a centralized loan approval process for standard products and structures. in this centralized decision environment, certain individuals who understand each local region may make credit-extension decisions to preserve our commitment to the communities in which we operate. in addition to disciplined and consistent judgmental factors, a sophisticated credit scoring process is used as a primary evaluation tool in the determination of approving a loan within the centralized loan approval process.
in commercial lending, on-going credit management is dependent on the type and nature of the loan. we monitor all significant exposures on an on-going basis. all commercial credit extensions are assigned internal risk ratings reflecting the borrower's pd and lgd. this two-dimensional rating methodology provides granularity in the portfolio management process. the pd is rated and applied at the borrower level. the lgd is rated and applied based on the specific type of credit extension and the quality and lien position associated with the underlying collateral. the internal risk ratings are assessed at origination and updated at each periodic monitoring event. there is also extensive macro portfolio management analysis on an on-going basis. we continually review and adjust our risk-rating criteria based on actual experience, which provides us with the current risk level in the portfolio and is the basis for determining an appropriate allowance for credit losses (acl) amount for the commercial portfolio. a centralized portfolio management team monitors and reports on the performance of the entire commercial portfolio, including small business loans, to provide consistent oversight.
in addition to the initial credit analysis conducted during the approval process, our credit review group performs testing to provide an independent review and assessment of the quality and risk of new loan originations. this group is part of our risk management area and conducts portfolio reviews on a risk-based cycle to evaluate individual loans, validate risk ratings, and test the consistency of credit processes.
our standardized loan grading system considers many components that directly correlate to loan quality and likelihood of repayment, one of which is guarantor support. on an annual basis, or more frequently if warranted, we consider, among other things, the guarantor's reputation and creditworthiness, along with various key financial metrics such as liquidity and net worth, assuming
such information is available. our assessment of the guarantor's credit strength, or lack thereof, is reflected in our risk ratings for such loans, which is directly tied to, and an integral component of, our acl methodology. when a loan goes to impaired status, viable guarantor support is considered in the determination of a credit loss.
if our assessment of the guarantor's credit strength yields an inherent capacity to perform, we will seek repayment from the guarantor as part of the collection process and have done so successfully.
substantially all loans categorized as classified (see note 3 of notes to consolidated financial statements) are managed by our special assets division. sad is a specialized group of credit professionals that handle the day-to-day management of workouts, commercial recoveries, and problem loan sales. its responsibilities include developing and implementing action plans, assessing risk ratings, and determining the appropriateness of the allowance, the accrual status, and the ultimate collectability of the classified loan portfolio.
c&i portfolio the c&i portfolio is comprised of loans to businesses where the source of repayment is associated with the on-going operations of the business. generally, the loans are secured by the borrower's assets, such as equipment, accounts receivable, and/or inventory. in many cases, the loans are secured by real estate, although the operation, sale, or refinancing of the real estate is not a primary source of repayment for the loan. for loans secured by real estate, appropriate appraisals are obtained at origination and updated on an as needed basis in compliance with regulatory requirements.
we manage the risks inherent in the c&i portfolio through origination policies, a defined loan concentration policy with established limits, on-going loan level reviews and portfolio level reviews, recourse requirements, and continuous portfolio risk management activities. our origination policies for the c&i portfolio include loan product-type specific policies such as ltv and debt service coverage ratios, as applicable. currently, a higher-risk segment of the c&i portfolio is loans to borrowers supporting oil and gas exploration and production and is further described below.
the c&i portfolio continues to have solid origination activity as evidenced by its growth over the past 12 months and we maintain a focus on high quality originations. problem loans had trended downward over the last several years, reflecting a combination of proactive risk identification and effective workout strategies implemented by the sad. however, over the past year, c&i problem loans began to increase, primarily as a result of the oil and gas exploration and production customers and the increase in overall portfolio size. we continue to maintain a proactive approach to identifying borrowers that may be facing financial difficulty in order to maximize the potential solutions. subsequent to the origination of the loan, the credit review group provides an independent review and assessment of the quality of the underwriting and risk of new loan originations.
we have a dedicated energy lending group that focuses on upstream companies (exploration and production or e&p firms) as well as midstream (pipeline transportation) companies. this lending group is comprised of colleagues with many years of experience in this area of specialized lending, through several economic cycles. the exposure to the e&p companies is centered in broadly syndicated reserve-based loans and is 0.5% of our total loans. all of these loans are secured and in a first-lien position. the customer base consists of larger firms that generally have had access to the capital markets and/or are backed by private equity firms. this lending group has no exposure to oil field services companies. however, we have a few legacy oil field services customers for which the remaining aggregate credit exposure is negligible.
the significant reduction in oil and gas prices over the past year has had a negative impact on the energy industry, particularly exploration and production companies as well as the oil field services providers. the impact of low prices for an extended period of time has had some level of adverse impact on most, if not all, borrowers in this segment. most of these borrowers have, therefore, had recent downward adjustments to their risk ratings, which has increased our loan loss reserve.
we have other energy related exposures, including gas stations, wholesale distributors, mining, and utilities. we continue to monitor these exposures closely. however, these exposures have different factors affecting their performance, and we have not seen the same level of volatility in performance or risk rating migration.
cre portfolio we manage the risks inherent in this portfolio specific to cre lending, focusing on the quality of the developer and the specifics associated with each project. generally, we: (1) limit our loans to 80% of the appraised value of the commercial real estate at origination, (2) require net operating cash flows to be 125% of required interest and principal payments, and (3) if the commercial real estate is non-owner occupied, require that at least 50% of the space of the project be preleased. we actively monitor both geographic and project-type concentrations and performance metrics of all cre loan types, with a focus on loans identified as higher risk based on the risk rating methodology. both macro-level and loan-level stress-test scenarios based on existing and forecast market conditions are part of the on-going portfolio management process for the cre portfolio.
dedicated real estate professionals originate and manage the portfolio. the portfolio is diversified by project type and loan size, and this diversification represents a significant portion of the credit risk management strategies employed for this portfolio. subsequent to the origination of the loan, the credit review group provides an independent review and assessment of the quality of the underwriting and risk of new loan originations.
appraisal values are obtained in conjunction with all originations and renewals, and on an as needed basis, in compliance with regulatory requirements and to ensure appropriate decisions regarding the on-going management of the portfolio reflect the changing market conditions. appraisals are obtained from approved vendors and are reviewed by an internal appraisal review group comprised of certified appraisers to ensure the quality of the valuation used in the underwriting process. we continue to perform on-going portfolio level reviews within the cre portfolio. these reviews generate action plans based on occupancy levels or sales volume associated with the projects being reviewed. this highly individualized process requires working closely with all of our borrowers, as well as an in-depth knowledge of cre project lending and the market environment.
consumer credit consumer credit approvals are based on, among other factors, the financial strength and payment history of the borrower, type of exposure, and transaction structure. consumer credit decisions are generally made in a centralized environment utilizing decision models. importantly, certain individuals who understand each local region have the authority to make credit extension decisions to preserve our focus on the local communities in which we operate. each credit extension is assigned a specific pd and lgd. the pd is generally based on the borrower's most recent credit bureau score (fico), which we update quarterly, providing an ongoing view of the borrowers pd. the lgd is related to the type of collateral associated with the credit extension, which typically does not change over the course of the loan term. this allows huntington to maintain a current view of the customer for credit risk management and acl purposes.
in consumer lending, credit risk is managed from a segment (i.e., loan type, collateral position, geography, etc.) and vintage performance analysis. all portfolio segments are continuously monitored for changes in delinquency trends and other asset quality indicators. we make extensive use of portfolio assessment models to continuously monitor the quality of the portfolio, which may result in changes to future origination strategies. the ongoing analysis and review process results in a determination of an appropriate alll amount for our consumer loan portfolio. the independent risk management group has a consumer process review component to ensure the effectiveness and efficiency of the consumer credit processes.
collection action is initiated as needed through a centrally managed collection and recovery function. the collection group employs a series of collection methodologies designed to maintain a high level of effectiveness while maximizing efficiency. in addition to the consumer loan portfolio, the collection group is responsible for collection activity on all sold and securitized consumer loans and leases. collection practices include a single contact point for the majority of the residential real estate secured portfolios.
automobile portfolio our strategy in the automobile portfolio continues to focus on high quality borrowers as measured by both fico and internal custom scores, combined with appropriate ltvs, terms, and profitability. our strategy and operational capabilities allow us to appropriately manage the origination quality across the entire portfolio, including our newer markets. although increased origination volume and entering new markets can be associated with increased risk levels, we believe our disciplined strategy and operational processes significantly mitigate these risks.
we have continued to consistently execute our value proposition and take advantage of available market opportunities. importantly, we have maintained our high credit quality standards while expanding the portfolio.
residential real estate secured portfolios the properties securing our residential mortgage and home equity portfolios are primarily located within our geographic footprint. huntington continues to support our local markets with consistent underwriting across all residential secured products. the residential-secured portfolio originations continue to be of high quality, with the majority of the negative credit impact coming from loans originated in 2006 and earlier. our portfolio management strategies associated with our home savers group allow us to focus on effectively helping our customers with appropriate solutions for their specific circumstances.
table 10 - selected home equity and residential mortgage portfolio data
home equity                           residential mortgage secured by first-lien                         secured by junior-lien december 31,
portfolio weighted-average ltv ratio (1)             72     %   71                  %               82     %                81     %               75     %                74     %
portfolio weighted-average fico score (2)           764         759                                753                     752                    752                     752
home equity                       residential mortgage (3)
(1)   the ltv ratios for home equity loans and home equity lines-of-credit are cumulative and reflect the balance of any senior loans. ltv ratios reflect collateral values at the time of loan origination.
(2)   portfolio weighted average fico scores reflect currently updated customer credit scores whereas origination weighted-average fico scores reflect the customer credit scores at the time of loan origination.
(3)   represents only owned-portfolio originations.
home equity portfolio our home equity portfolio (loans and lines-of-credit) consists of both first-lien and junior-lien mortgage loans with underwriting criteria based on minimum credit scores, debt-to-income ratios, and ltv ratios. we offer closed-end home equity loans which are generally fixed-rate with principal and interest payments, and variable-rate interest-only home equity lines-of-credit which do not require payment of principal during the 10-year revolving period of the line-of-credit. applications are underwritten centrally in conjunction with an automated underwriting system.
within the home equity portfolio, the standard product is a 10-year interest-only draw period with a 20-year fully amortizing term at the end of the draw period. after the 10-year draw period, the borrower must reapply, subject to full underwriting guidelines, to continue with the interest-only revolving structure and maintain draw capability or begin repaying the debt in a term structure.
residential mortgages portfolio huntington underwrites all applications centrally, with a focus on higher quality borrowers. we do not originate residential mortgages that allow negative amortization or allow the borrower multiple payment options and have incorporated regulatory requirements and guidance into our underwriting process. residential mortgages are originated based on a completed full appraisal during the credit underwriting process. we update values in compliance with applicable regulations to facilitate our portfolio management, as well as our workout and loss mitigation functions.
several government programs continued to impact the residential mortgage portfolio, including various refinance programs such as harp and hamp, which positively affected the availability of credit for the industry. during the year ended december 31, 2015, we closed $189 million in harp residential mortgages and $3 million in hamp residential mortgages. the harp and hamp residential mortgage loans are part of our residential mortgage portfolio or serviced for others.
we are subject to repurchase risk associated with residential mortgage loans sold in the secondary market. an appropriate level of reserve for representations and warranties related to residential mortgage loans sold has been established to address this repurchase risk inherent in the portfolio.
credit quality
(this section should be read in conjunction with note 3 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.)
we believe the most meaningful way to assess overall credit quality performance is through an analysis of credit quality performance ratios. this approach forms the basis of most of the discussion in the sections immediately following: npas and nals,
tdrs, acl, and ncos. in addition, we utilize delinquency rates, risk distribution and migration patterns, and product segmentation in the analysis of our credit quality performance.
credit quality performance in 2015 reflected continued overall positive results. net charge-offs were substantially lower as a result of several large recoveries. npas increased 18% to $399 million, compared to december 31, 2014. ncos decreased 30% compared to the prior year. the acl to total loans ratio decreased by 7 basis points to 1.33%.
npas and nals npas consist of (1) nals, which represent loans and leases no longer accruing interest, (2) oreo properties, and (3) other npas. any loan in our portfolio may be placed on nonaccrual status prior to the policies described below when collection of principal or interest is in doubt. also, when a borrower with discharged non-reaffirmed debt in a chapter 7 bankruptcy is identified and the loan is determined to be collateral dependent, the loan is placed on nonaccrual status.
c&i and cre loans (except for purchased credit impaired loans) are placed on nonaccrual status at 90-days past due, or earlier if repayment of principal and interest is in doubt. of the $204 million of cre and c&i-related nals at december 31, 2015, $135 million, or 66%, represented loans that were less than 30-days past due, demonstrating our continued commitment to proactive credit risk management. with the exception of residential mortgage loans guaranteed by government organizations which continue to accrue interest, first lien loans secured by residential mortgage collateral are placed on nonaccrual status at 150-days past due. junior-lien home equity loans are placed on nonaccrual status at the earlier of 120-days past due or when the related first-lien loan has been identified as nonaccrual. automobile and other consumer loans are generally charged-off prior to the loan reaching 120-days past due.
when loans are placed on nonaccrual, accrued interest income is reversed with current year accruals charged to interest income and prior year amounts generally charged-off as a credit loss. when, in our judgment, the borrower's ability to make required interest and principal payments has resumed and collectability is no longer in doubt, the loan or lease could be returned to accrual status.
the table reflects period-end nals and npas detail for each of the last five years:
table 11 - nonaccrual loans and leases and nonperforming assets
home equity                                              66,278                    78,515                    66,169                    59,519                    40,687
other consumer                                                -                        45                        20                         6                         -
other nonperforming assets(1)                                 -                     2,440                     2,440                    10,045                    10,772
total nonperforming assets                             $398,923                  $337,723                  $352,160                  $445,775                  $590,276
nonperforming assets ratio(2)                              0.79                      0.71                      0.82                      1.09                      1.51
allowance for loan and lease losses as % of:
nonperforming assets                                        150                       179                       184                       173                       163
allowance for credit losses as % of:
nonperforming assets   168     197         202         182         172
(1)   other nonperforming assets includes certain impaired investment securities.
(2)   this ratio is calculated as nonperforming assets divided by the sum of loans and leases, impaired loans held for sale, net other real estate owned, and other nonperforming assets.
the $61 million, or 18%, increase in npas compared with december 31, 2014, primarily reflected:
•   $103 million, or 143%, increase in c&amp;i nals, primarily reflecting the addition of several large oil and gas exploration and production relationships in the 2015 fourth quarter. the remaining increase is not related to any specific industry or structure.
•   $20 million, or 40%, decline in cre nals, reflecting improved delinquency trends and successful workout strategies implemented by our commercial loan workout group.
•   $12 million, or 16%, decline in home equity nals, reflecting improved delinquency trends and moving $8.9 million of nonaccrual home equity tdrs from loans to loans held for sale.
•   $8 million, or 22%, decline in oreo, specifically associated with the sale of residential properties.
the following table reflects period-end accruing loans and leases 90 days or more past due for each of the last five years:
home equity                                                                                                         9,044                  12,159                  13,983                  18,200                  20,198
(1)   amounts include huntington technology finance administrative lease delinquencies and accruing purchase impaired loans related to acquisitions.
(2)   amounts include accruing purchase impaired loans related to acquisitions.
tdrs are modified loans where a concession was provided to a borrower experiencing financial difficulties. tdrs can be classified as either accruing or nonaccruing loans. nonaccrual tdrs are included in nals whereas accruing tdrs are excluded from nals, as it is probable that all contractual principal and interest due under the restructured terms will be collected. tdrs primarily reflect our loss mitigation efforts to proactively work with borrowers in financial difficulty or to comply with regulatory regulations regarding the treatment of certain bankruptcy filing situations. over the past five quarters, the accruing component of the total tdr balance has been between 86% and 83% indicating there is no identified credit loss and the borrowers continue to make their monthly payments.  in fact, over 81% of the $464 million of accruing tdrs secured by residential real estate (residential mortgage and home equity in table 14) are current on their required payments.  in addition over 60% of the accruing pool have had no delinquency at all in the past 12 months. there is very limited migration from the accruing to non-accruing components, and virtually all of the charge-offs as presented in table 14 come from the non-accruing tdr balances.
the following table presents our accruing and nonaccruing tdrs at period-end for each of the past five years:
home equity                                                199,393   (1)             252,084                   188,266                   110,581                    52,224
other consumer                                               4,488                     4,018                     1,041                     2,544                     6,108
home equity                                                 20,996   (2)              27,224                    20,715                     6,951                       369
other consumer                                                 151         70                                        -         113                                     113
(1)   excludes approximately $88 million in accruing home equity tdrs transferred from loans to loans held for sale at september 30, 2015.
(2)   excludes approximately $9 million in nonaccruing home equity tdrs transferred from loans to loans held for sale at september 30, 2015.
our strategy is to structure tdrs in a manner that avoids new concessions subsequent to the initial tdr terms. however, there are times when subsequent modifications are required, such as when the modified loan matures. often the loans are performing in accordance with the tdr terms, and a new note is originated with similar modified terms. these loans are subjected to the normal underwriting standards and processes for other similar credit extensions, both new and existing. if the loan is not performing in accordance with the existing tdr terms, typically an individualized approach to repayment is established. in accordance with asc 310-20-35, the refinanced note is evaluated to determine if it is considered a new loan or a continuation of the prior loan. a new loan is considered for removal of the tdr designation. a continuation of the prior note requires the continuation of the tdr designation, and because the refinanced note constitutes a new or amended debt instrument, it is included in our tdr activity table (below) as a new tdr and a restructured tdr removal during the period.
the types of concessions granted are consistent with those granted on new tdrs and include interest rate reductions, amortization or maturity date changes beyond what the collateral supports, and principal forgiveness based on the borrower's specific
needs at a point in time. our policy does not limit the number of times a loan may be modified. a loan may be modified multiple times if it is considered to be in the best interest of both the borrower and huntington.
commercial loans are not automatically considered to be accruing tdrs upon the granting of a new concession. if the loan is in accruing status and no loss is expected based on the modified terms, the modified tdr remains in accruing status. for loans that are on nonaccrual status before the modification, collection of both principal and interest must not be in doubt, and the borrower must be able to exhibit sufficient cash flows for at least a six-month period of time to service the debt in order to return to accruing status. this six-month period could extend before or after the restructure date.
any granted change in terms or conditions that are not readily available in the market for that borrower, requires the designation as a tdr. there are no provisions for the removal of the tdr designation based on payment activity for consumer loans. a loan may be returned to accrual status when all contractually due interest and principal has been paid and the borrower demonstrates the financial capacity to continue to pay as agreed, with the risk of loss diminished. during the 2015 third quarter, huntington transferred $96.8 million of home equity tdrs from loans to loans held for sale in anticipation of a sale.
the following table reflects tdr activity for each of the past five years:
table 14 - troubled debt restructured loan activity
transfer to held-for-sale                 (96,786       )                  -                       -                       -                       -
(4)   represents existing tdrs that were underwritten with new terms providing a concession. a corresponding amount is included in the new tdrs amount above.
acl our total credit reserve is comprised of two different components, both of which in our judgment are appropriate to absorb credit losses inherent in our loan and lease portfolio: the alll and the aulc. combined, these reserves comprise the total acl. our acl methodology committee is responsible for developing the methodology, assumptions and estimates used in the calculation, as well as determining the appropriateness of the acl. the alll represents the estimate of losses inherent in the loan portfolio at the reported date. additions to the alll result from recording provision expense for loan losses or increased risk levels resulting from loan risk-rating downgrades, while reductions reflect charge-offs (net of recoveries), decreased risk levels resulting from loan risk-rating upgrades, or the sale of loans. the aulc is determined by applying the same quantitative reserve determination process to the unfunded portion of the loan exposures adjusted by an applicable funding expectation.
during the 2015 first quarter, we reviewed our existing commercial and consumer credit models and enhanced certain processes and methods of acl estimation. during this review, we updated our analysis of the loss emergence periods used for consumer receivables collectively evaluated for impairment and, as a result, extended our loss emergence periods for products within these portfolios. as part of these enhancements to our credit reserve process, we also evaluated the methods used to separately estimate economic risks inherent in our portfolios and decided to no longer utilize these separate estimation techniques. rather, we now incorporate economic risks in our loss estimates as a component of our reserve calculation. the enhancements made to our credit reserve processes during the 2015 first quarter allow for increased segmentation and analysis of the estimated incurred losses within our loan portfolios. the net acl impact of these enhancements was immaterial.
during the 2015 third quarter, we reviewed our existing commercial and consumer credit models and completed a periodic reassessment of certain acl assumptions. specifically, we updated our analysis of the loss emergence periods used for commercial receivables collectively evaluated for impairment.  based on our observed portfolio experience, we extended our loss emergence periods for the c&i portfolio and cre portfolios. we also updated loss factors in our consumer home equity and residential mortgage portfolios based on more recently observed portfolio experience.  the net acl impact of these enhancements was immaterial.
we regularly evaluate the appropriateness of the acl by performing on-going evaluations of the loan and lease portfolio, including such factors as the differing economic risks associated with each loan category, the financial condition of specific borrowers, the level of delinquent loans, the value of any collateral and, where applicable, the existence of any guarantees or other documented support. we evaluate the impact of changes in interest rates and overall economic conditions on the ability of borrowers to meet their financial obligations when quantifying our exposure to credit losses and assessing the appropriateness of our acl at each reporting date. in addition to general economic conditions and the other factors described above, additional factors considered include: the impact of increasing or decreasing residential real estate values, the diversification of cre loans; the development of new or expanded commercial business verticals such as healthcare, abl, and energy. a provision for credit losses is recorded to adjust the acl to the level we have determined to be appropriate to absorb credit losses inherent in our loan and lease portfolio as of the balance sheet date.
our acl evaluation process includes the on-going assessment of credit quality metrics, and a comparison of certain acl benchmarks to current performance. while the total acl balance has declined in recent years, all of the relevant benchmarks remain strong.
the following table reflects activity in the alll and aulc for each of the last five years:
table 15 - summary of allowance for credit losses
allowance for loan and lease losses, beginning of year                                   $605,196                $647,870                $769,075                $964,828                $1,249,008
consumer:
home equity                                                                               (36,481    )            (54,473    )            (98,184    )           (124,286    )             (109,427    )
other consumer                                                                            (31,415    )            (33,494    )            (34,568    )            (33,090    )              (32,520    )
total consumer                                                                           (120,081    )           (145,243    )           (190,900    )           (235,674    )             (240,609    )
consumer:
home equity                                                                                16,631                  17,526                  15,921                   7,907                     7,630
other consumer                                                                              5,270                   5,890                   7,108                   7,049                     6,776
total consumer                                                                             43,669                  43,372                  43,478                  35,889                    41,320
provision for loan and lease losses                                                        88,679                  83,082                  67,797                 155,193                   167,730
allowance for assets sold and securitized or transferred to loans held for sale            (8,239    )             (1,129    )               (336    )             (8,484    )              (14,821    )
allowance for loan and lease losses, end of year                                          597,843                 605,196                 647,870                 769,075                   964,828
allowance for unfunded loan commitments, beginning of year                                 60,806                  62,899                  40,651                  48,456                    42,127
(reduction in) provision for unfunded loan commitments and letters of credit losses        11,275                  (2,093    )             22,248                  (7,805    )                6,329
allowance for unfunded loan commitments, end of year                                       72,081                  60,806                  62,899                  40,651                    48,456
allowance for credit losses, end of year                                                 $669,924                $666,002                $710,769                $809,726                $1,013,284
the table below reflects the allocation of our acl among our various loan categories during each of the past five years:
table 16 - allocation of allowance for credit losses (1)
consumer:
home equity                                      83,671            17                96,413            18               111,131            19               118,764            20                 143,873            21
total consumer                                  199,090            49               215,362            49               219,512            48               242,655            44                 300,755            48
total allowance for loan and lease losses       597,843           100   %           605,196           100   %           647,870           100   %           769,075           100   %             964,828           100   %
allowance for unfunded loan commitments          72,081                              60,806                              62,899                              40,651                                48,456
total allowance for credit losses              $669,924                            $666,002                            $710,769                            $809,726                            $1,013,284
total allowance for loan and leases losses as % of:
nonperforming assets                                              150                                 179                                 184                                 173                                   163
total allowance for credit losses as % of:
nonperforming assets                                              168                                 197                                 202                                 182                                   172
the $4 million, or 1%, increase in the acl compared with december 31, 2014, was driven by:
•   $16 million, or 48%, increase in the alll of the automobile portfolio. the increase was driven by growth in loan balances, along with the extension of loss emergence periods embedded within the portfolio's reserve factors. it was partially offset by the impact of no longer utilizing separate qualitative methods to estimate economic risks inherent in our portfolio.
•   $12 million, or 4%, increase in the alll of the c&amp;i portfolio. the increase in the allowance for credit losses within the commercial portfolio reflects the impact of select downgrades, including within the oil &amp; gas portfolio. in addition, the extension of the loss emergence periods utilized in establishing the portfolio's reserve factors contributed to the increase in reserve levels. offsetting these increases was the decision to no longer utilize separate qualitative methods to estimate economic risks inherent in our portfolio, as well as improved performance on the pass graded portfolio over the past year.
•   $11 million, or 19%, increase in the aulc driven by both commercial and consumer portfolio growth and by risk rating migration within the c&amp;i portfolio which impacted the updated assessment of the unfunded commercial exposure.
•   $14 million, or 37%, decline in the alll of the other consumer portfolio. the decline was primarily driven by our assessment of consumer overdraft reserve factors, and the impact of no longer utilizing separate qualitative methods to estimate economic risks inherent in our portfolios.
•   $13 million, or 13%, decline in the alll of the home equity portfolio. continued improvement in the residential real estate market led to improved expected loss factors in the portfolio, along with no longer utilizing separate qualitative methods to estimate economic risks inherent in the portfolio. these reductions were partially offset by the extension of loss emergence periods utilized in the reserve factors for the portfolio.
•   $6 million, or 12%, decline in the alll of the residential mortgage portfolio. continued improvement in both the residential real estate market and portfolio delinquency performance led to improved expected loss factors in the portfolio, along with no longer utilizing separate qualitative methods to estimate economic risks inherent in the portfolio lead to the reduction in reserve levels. these reductions were partially offset by the extension of loss emergence periods utilized in the reserve factors for the portfolio.
•   $3 million, or 3%, decline in the alll of the cre portfolio. the decline was driven by improving credit quality particularly reductions in cre nals as well as management's decision to no longer utilize separate qualitative methods to estimate economic risks inherent in our portfolio and was partially offset by increases from the extension of loss emergence periods utilized in the reserve factors.
the acl to total loans declined to 1.33% at december 31, 2015, compared to 1.40% at december 31, 2014. management believes the decline in the ratio is appropriate given the risk profile of our loan portfolio. further, the continued focus on early identification of loans with changes in credit metrics and proactive action plans for these loans, originating high quality new loans, and sad resolutions is expected to contribute to maintaining our key credit quality metrics.
given the combination of these noted positive and negative factors, we believe that our acl is appropriate and its coverage level is reflective of the quality of our portfolio and the current operating environment.
ncos any loan in any portfolio may be charged-off prior to the policies described below if a loss confirming event has occurred. loss confirming events include, but are not limited to, bankruptcy (unsecured), continued delinquency, foreclosure, or receipt of an asset valuation indicating a collateral deficiency where that asset is the sole source of repayment. additionally, discharged, collateral dependent non-reaffirmed debt in chapter 7 bankruptcy filings will result in a charge-off to estimated collateral value, less anticipated selling costs at the time of discharge.
c&i and cre loans are either charged-off or written down to net realizable value at 90-days past due with the exception of administrative small ticket lease delinquencies. automobile loans and other consumer loans are generally charged-off at 120-days past due. first-lien and junior-lien home equity loans are charged-off to the estimated fair value of the collateral, less anticipated selling costs, at 150-days past due and 120-days past due, respectively. residential mortgages are charged-off to the estimated fair value of the collateral, less anticipated selling costs, at 150-days past due.
the following table reflects nco detail for each of the last five years:
consumer:
home equity                                    19,850                36,947                82,263               116,379               101,797
other consumer                                 26,145                27,604                27,460                26,041                25,744
total consumer                                 76,412               101,871               147,422               199,785               199,289
consumer:
home equity                                      0.23                  0.44                  0.99                  1.40                  1.28
other consumer                                   5.44                  6.99                  6.30                  5.72                  4.85
total consumer                                   0.32                  0.46                  0.75                  1.08                  1.05
in assessing nco trends, it is helpful to understand the process of how commercial loans are treated as they deteriorate over time. the alll established is consistent with the level of risk associated with the original underwriting. as a part of our normal portfolio management process for commercial loans, the loan is periodically reviewed and the alll is increased or decreased based on the updated risk rating. in certain cases, the standard alll is determined to not be appropriate, and a specific reserve is established based on the projected cash flow or collateral value of the specific loan. charge-offs, if necessary, are generally recognized in a period after the specific alll was established. if the previously established alll exceeds that necessary to satisfactorily resolve the problem loan, a reduction in the overall level of the alll could be recognized. consumer loans are treated in much the same manner as commercial loans, with increasing reserve factors applied based on the risk characteristics of the loan, although specific reserves are not identified for consumer loans. in summary, if loan quality deteriorates, the typical credit sequence would be periods of reserve building, followed by periods of higher ncos as the previously established alll is utilized. additionally, an increase in the alll either precedes or is in conjunction with increases in nals. when a loan is classified as nal, it is evaluated for specific alll or charge-off. as a result, an increase in nals does not necessarily result in an increase in the alll or an expectation of higher future ncos.
all residential mortgage loans greater than 150-days past due are charged-down to the estimated value of the collateral, less anticipated selling costs. the remaining balance is in delinquent status until a modification can be completed, or the loan goes through the foreclosure process. for the home equity portfolio, all of the defaults represent full charge-offs, as there is no remaining equity, creating a lower delinquency rate but a higher nco impact.
ncos decreased $37 million, or 30%, in 2015, primarily as a result of continued credit quality improvement in the cre, home equity and residential mortgage portfolios. given the low level of c&i and cre nco's, there will continue to be some volatility on a period-to-period comparison basis.
market risk market risk represents the risk of loss due to changes in market values of assets and liabilities. we incur market risk in the normal course of business through exposures to market interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices, and credit spreads. we have identified two primary sources of market risk: interest rate risk and price risk.
interest rate risk overview huntington actively manages interest rate risk, as changes in market interest rates can have a significant impact on reported earnings. the interest rate risk process is designed to compare income simulations under different market scenarios designed to alter the direction, magnitude, and speed of interest rate changes, as well as the slope of the yield curve. these scenarios are designed to illustrate the embedded optionality in the balance sheet from, among other things, faster or slower mortgage, and mortgage backed securities prepayments, and changes in funding mix.
income simulation and economic value analysis interest rate risk measurement is calculated and reported to the alco monthly and roc at least quarterly. the information reported includes period-end results and identifies any policy limits exceeded, along with an assessment of the policy limit breach and the action plan and timeline for resolution, mitigation, or assumption of the risk.
huntington uses two approaches to model interest rate risk: net interest income at risk (nii at risk) and economic value of equity at risk (eve). under nii at risk, net interest income is modeled utilizing various assumptions for assets, liabilities, and derivative positions under various interest rate scenarios over a one-year time horizon. eve measures the period end market value of assets minus the market value of liabilities and the change in this value as rates change. eve is a period end measurement.
basis point change scenario   -25                  +100                 +200
board policy limits           -      %             -2.0   %             -4.0   %
the nii at risk results included in the table above reflect the analysis used monthly by management. it models gradual -25, +100 and +200 basis point parallel shifts in market interest rates, implied by the forward yield curve over the next one-year period. due to the current low level of short-term interest rates, the analysis reflects a declining interest rate scenario of 25 basis points, the point at which many assets and liabilities reach zero percent.
huntington is within board of director policy limits for the +100 and +200 basis point scenarios. there is no policy limit for the -25 basis point scenario. the nii at risk reported at december 31, 2015, shows that huntington's earnings are not particularly sensitive to these types of changes in interest rates over the next year. in the recent period, while the amount of fixed rate assets, primarily auto loans and securities, increased, nii at risk was not meaningfully impacted.
as of december 31, 2015, huntington had $8.2 billion of notional value in receive fixed-generic asset conversion swaps used for asset and liability management purposes. in january 2016, $1.9 billion of notional value of these swaps were terminated. the remaining $6.4 billion of notional value will mature as follows: $3.0 billion in 2016, $3.3 billion in 2017, and $0.1 billion in 2018.
table 19 - economic value of equity at risk economic value of equity at risk (%)
basis point change scenario   -25                  +100                 +200
board policy limits           -      %             -5.0   %             -12.0   %
the eve results included in the table above reflect the analysis used monthly by management. it models immediate -25, +100 and +200 basis point parallel shifts in market interest rates. due to the current low level of short-term interest rates, the analysis reflects a declining interest rate scenario of 25 basis points, the point at which many assets and liabilities reach zero percent.
huntington is within board of director policy limits for the +100 and +200 basis point scenarios. there is no policy limit for the -25 basis point scenario. the eve reported at december 31, 2015 shows that as interest rates increase (decrease) immediately, the economic value of equity position will decrease (increase). when interest rates rise, fixed rate assets generally lose economic value; the longer the duration, the greater the value lost. the opposite is true when interest rates fall. when interest rates rise, fixed rate liabilities generally increase economic value; the longer the duration, the greater the value gained. the opposite is true when interest rates fall. the eve at risk reported as of december 31, 2015 for the +200 basis points scenario shows a more liability sensitive position compared with december 31, 2014. the primary factors contributing to this change were the growth of longer duration hqla in preparation for lcr compliance and an increase in automobile loans, offset somewhat by the growth of both consumer and commercial deposit balances.
(this section should be read in conjunction with note 6 of notes to the consolidated financial statements.)
at december 31, 2015, we had a total of $161 million of capitalized msrs representing the right to service $16.2 billion in mortgage loans. of this $161 million, $18 million was recorded using the fair value method and $143 million was recorded using the amortization method.
msr fair values are sensitive to movements in interest rates as expected future net servicing income depends on the projected outstanding principal balances of the underlying loans, which can be reduced by prepayments. prepayments usually increase when mortgage interest rates decline and decrease when mortgage interest rates rise. we have employed strategies to reduce the risk of msr fair value changes or impairment. however, volatile changes in interest rates can diminish the effectiveness of these economic hedges. we report msr fair value adjustments net of hedge-related trading activity in the mortgage banking income category of noninterest income. changes in fair value between reporting dates are recorded as an increase or a decrease in mortgage banking income.
msrs recorded using the amortization method generally relate to loans originated with historically low interest rates, resulting in a lower probability of prepayments and, ultimately, impairment. msr assets are included in accrued income and other assets in the consolidated financial statements.
price risk price risk represents the risk of loss arising from adverse movements in the prices of financial instruments that are carried at fair value and are subject to fair value accounting. we have price risk from trading securities, securities owned by our broker-dealer subsidiary, foreign exchange positions, equity investments, and investments in securities backed by mortgage loans. we have established loss limits on the trading portfolio, on the amount of foreign exchange exposure that can be maintained, and on the amount of marketable equity securities that can be held.
liquidity risk liquidity risk is the risk of loss due to the possibility that funds may not be available to satisfy current or future commitments resulting from external macro market issues, investor and customer perception of financial strength, and events unrelated to us, such as war, terrorism, or financial institution market specific issues. in addition, the mix and maturity structure of huntington's balance sheet, the amount of on-hand cash and unencumbered securities, and the availability of contingent sources of funding can have an impact on huntington's ability to satisfy current or future funding commitments. we manage liquidity risk at both the bank and the parent company.
the overall objective of liquidity risk management is to ensure that we can obtain cost-effective funding to meet current and future obligations, and can maintain sufficient levels of on-hand liquidity, under both normal business-as-usual and unanticipated stressed circumstances. the alco was appointed by the roc to oversee liquidity risk management and the establishment of liquidity risk policies and limits. contingency funding plans are in place, which measure forecasted sources and uses of funds under various scenarios in order to prepare for unexpected liquidity shortages. liquidity risk is reviewed monthly for the bank and the parent company, as well as its subsidiaries. in addition, liquidity working groups meet regularly to identify and monitor liquidity positions, provide policy guidance, review funding strategies, and oversee the adherence to, and maintenance of, the contingency funding plans.
available-for-sale and other securities portfolio
(this section should be read in conjunction with note 4 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.)
our investment securities portfolio is evaluated under established asset/liability management objectives. changing market conditions could affect the profitability of the portfolio, as well as the level of interest rate risk exposure.
the composition and maturity of the portfolio is presented on the following two tables:
table 20 - available-for-sale and other securities portfolio summary at fair value
u.s. treasury, federal agency, and other agency securities                              $4,643,073              $5,679,696              $3,937,713
total available-for-sale and other securities                                           $8,775,441              $9,384,670              $7,308,753
(1)   the average duration assumes a market driven prepayment rate on securities subject to prepayment.
table 21 - available-for-sale and other securities portfolio composition and maturity
amortized cost               fair value          yield (1)
u.s. treasury, federal agency, and other agency securities:
federal agencies: mortgage-backed securities:
total federal agencies: mortgage-backed securities                                        4,505,318                4,521,688              2.41
total u.s. treasury, federal agency, and other agency securities                          4,625,851                4,643,073              2.41
municipal securities:
total municipal securities                          2,431,943           2,456,396       3.24
asset-backed securities:
total asset-backed securities                         901,059             861,413       2.34
non-marketable equity securities (2)                  332,786             332,786       5.06
mutual funds                                           10,604              10,604        n/a marketable equity securities (3)                          523                 794        n/a total other                                           347,863             348,082       4.87
total available-for-sale and other securities      $8,770,923          $8,775,441       2.77   %
(2)   consists of fhlb and frb restricted stock holding carried at par. for 2016, the federal reserve reduced the dividend rate on frb stock from 6% to the current 10-year treasury rate for banks with more than $10 billion in assets.
(3)   consists of certain mutual fund and equity security holdings.
investment securities portfolio the expected weighted average maturities of our afs and htm portfolios are significantly shorter than their contractual maturities as reflected in note 4 and note 5 of the notes to consolidated financial statements. particularly regarding the mbs and abs, prepayments of principal and interest that historically occur in advance of scheduled maturities will shorten the expected life of these portfolios. the expected weighted average maturities, which take into account expected prepayments of principal and interest under existing interest rate conditions, are shown in the following table:
table 22 - expected life of investment securities
available-for-sale &amp; other       held-to-maturity securities       securities amortized                          fair       amortized                  fair cost                         value       cost                       value
other securities                                         343,915                               344,184              -                          -
(1) the average duration of the securities with an average life of 5 years to 10 years is 5.43 years bank liquidity and sources of funding our primary sources of funding for the bank are retail and commercial core deposits. at december 31, 2015, these core deposits funded 73% of total assets (102% of total loans). other sources of liquidity include non-core deposits, fhlb advances, wholesale debt instruments, and securitizations. demand deposit overdrafts that have been reclassified as loan balances and were $16 million and $19 million at december 31, 2015 and december 31, 2014, respectively.
the following tables reflect contractual maturities of other domestic time deposits of $250,000 or more and brokered deposits and negotiable cds as well as other domestic time deposits of $100,000 or more and brokered deposits and negotiable cds at december 31, 2015.
table 23 - maturity schedule of time deposits, brokered deposits, and negotiable cds
3 monthsor less               3 monthsto 6 months              6 monthsto 12 months               12 monthsor more          total other domestic time deposits of $250,000 or more and brokered deposits and negotiable cds          $3,002                              $65                               $58                            $320                  $3,445
other domestic time deposits of $100,000 or more and brokered deposits and negotiable cds          $3,107                             $174                              $185                            $470                  $3,936
the following table reflects deposit composition detail for each of the last five years:
table 24 - deposit composition
demand deposits-noninterest-bearing             $16,480         30   %         $15,393         30   %         $13,650         29   %         $12,600         27   %         $11,158         26   %
demand deposits-interest-bearing                  7,682         14               6,248         12               5,880         12               6,218         13               5,722         13
money market deposits                            19,792         36              18,986         37              17,213         36              14,691         32              13,117         30
savings and other domestic deposits               5,246          9               5,048         10               4,871         10               5,002         11               4,698         11
core certificates of deposit                      2,382          4               2,936          5               3,723          8               5,516         12               6,513         15
total core deposits:                             51,582         93              48,611         94              45,337         95              44,027         95              41,208         95
other domestic deposits of $250,000 or more         501          1                 198          -                 274          1                 354          1                 390          1
brokered deposits and negotiable cds              2,944          5               2,522          5               1,580          3               1,594          3               1,321          3
deposits in foreign offices                         268          1                 401          1                 316          1                 278          1                 361          1
total deposits                                  $55,295        100   %         $51,732        100   %         $47,507        100   %         $46,253        100   %         $43,280        100   %
total core deposits:
consumer                                         27,108         53              25,886         53              25,355         56              25,669         58              24,842         60
total core deposits                             $51,582        100   %         $48,611        100   %         $45,337        100   %         $44,027        100   %         $41,208        100   %
the following table reflects short-term borrowings detail for each of the last three years:
weighted average interest rate at year-end federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase            0.13   %                0.08   %              0.06   %
maximum amount outstanding at month-end during the year federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase      $1,119,771              $1,491,350              $787,127
average amount outstanding during the year federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase        $783,952                $987,156              $692,481
weighted average interest rate during the year federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase            0.06   %                0.07   %              0.08   %
the bank maintains borrowing capacity at the fhlb and the federal reserve bank discount window. the bank does not consider borrowing capacity from the federal reserve bank discount window as a primary source of liquidity. information regarding amounts pledged, for the ability to borrow if necessary, and the unused borrowing capacity at both the federal reserve bank and the fhlb, is outlined in the following table:
table 26 - federal reserve bank and fhlb borrowing capacity
loans and securities pledged:
total loans and securities pledged                                   $17.5               $18.0
total unused borrowing capacity at federal reserve bank and fhlb     $13.6               $12.5
(for further information related to debt issuances please see note 10 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.)
liquidity coverage ratio at december 31, 2015, we believe the bank had sufficient liquidity to be in compliance with the lcr requirements and to meet its cash flow obligations for the foreseeable future.
table 27 - maturity schedule of commercial loans
at december 31, 2015, the carrying value of investment securities pledged to secure public and trust deposits, trading account liabilities, u.s. treasury demand notes, and security repurchase agreements totaled $2.6 billion. there were no securities of a single issuer, which are not governmental that exceeded 10% of shareholders' equity at december 31, 2015.
parent company liquidity the parent company's funding requirements consist primarily of dividends to shareholders, debt service, income taxes, operating expenses, funding of nonbank subsidiaries, repurchases of our stock, and acquisitions. the parent company obtains funding to meet obligations from dividends and interest received from the bank, interest and dividends received from direct subsidiaries, net taxes collected from subsidiaries included in the federal consolidated tax return, fees for services provided to subsidiaries, and the issuance of debt securities.
on january 20, 2016, the board of directors declared a quarterly common stock cash dividend of $0.07 per common share. the dividend is payable on april 1, 2016, to shareholders of record on march 18, 2016. based on the current quarterly dividend of $0.07 per common share, cash demands required for common stock dividends are estimated to be approximately $56 million per quarter. on january 20, 2016, the board of directors declared a quarterly series a and series b preferred stock dividend payable on april 15, 2016 to shareholders of record on april 1, 2016. based on the current dividend, cash demands required for series a preferred stock are estimated to be approximately $8 million per quarter. cash demands required for series b preferred stock are expected to be less than $1 million per quarter.
during the fourth quarter, the bank paid dividends of $154 million to the holding company. the bank declared a dividend to the holding company of $174 million in the first quarter of 2016. to help meet any additional liquidity needs, we have an open-ended, automatic shelf registration statement filed and effective with the sec, which permits the parent company to issue an unspecified amount of debt or equity securities.
on january 26, 2016, huntington announced the signing of a definitive merger agreement under which ohio-based firstmerit corporation, the parent company of firstmerit bank, will merge into huntington in a stock and cash transaction valued at approximately $3.4 billion based on the closing stock price on the day preceding the announcement. the transaction is expected to be completed in the 2016 third quarter, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions, including regulatory approvals and the approval of the shareholders of huntington and firstmerit corporation. considering this potential obligation, and expected quarterly dividend payments, we believe the parent company has sufficient liquidity to meet its cash flow obligations for the foreseeable future.
off-balance sheet arrangements in the normal course of business, we enter into various off-balance sheet arrangements. these arrangements include commitments to extend credit, interest rate swaps, financial guarantees contained in standby letters-of-credit issued by the bank, and commitments by the bank to sell mortgage loans.
commitments to extend credit commitments to extend credit generally have fixed expiration dates, are variable-rate, and contain clauses that permit huntington to terminate or otherwise renegotiate the contracts in the event of a significant deterioration in the customer's credit quality. these arrangements normally require the payment of a fee by the customer, the pricing of which is based on prevailing market conditions, credit quality, probability of funding, and other relevant factors. since many of these commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the contract amounts are not necessarily indicative of future cash requirements. the interest rate risk arising from these financial instruments is insignificant as a result of their predominantly short-term, variable-rate nature. see note 20 for more information.
interest rate swaps balance sheet hedging activity is arranged to receive hedge accounting treatment and is classified as either fair value or cash flow hedges. fair value hedges are purchased to convert deposits and long-term debt from fixed-rate obligations to floating rate. cash flow hedges are also used to convert floating rate loans made to customers into fixed rate loans. see note 18 for more information.
standby letters-of-credit standby letters-of-credit are conditional commitments issued to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third-party. these guarantees are primarily issued to support public and private borrowing arrangements, including commercial paper, bond financing, and similar transactions. most of these arrangements mature within two years and are expected to expire without being drawn upon. standby letters-of-credit are included in the determination of the amount of risk-based capital that the parent company and the bank are required to hold. through our credit process, we monitor the credit risks of outstanding standby letters-of-credit. when it is probable that a standby letter-of-credit will be drawn and not repaid in full, a loss is recognized in the provision for credit losses. see note 20 for more information.
commitments to sell loans activity related to our mortgage origination activity supports the hedging of the mortgage pricing commitments to customers and the secondary sale to third parties. in addition, we have commitments to sell residential real estate loans. these contracts mature in less than one year. see note 20 for more information.
we believe that off-balance sheet arrangements are properly considered in our liquidity risk management process.
one yearor less           1 to 3years           3 to 5years            more than5 years               total deposits without a stated maturity                      $48,573                      $-                    $-                        $-                 $48,573
certificates of deposit and other time deposits           5,565                     933                   161                        63                   6,722
purchase commitments                                         80                      73                    17                         6                     176
operational risk operational risk is the risk of loss due to human error; inadequate or failed internal systems and controls, including the use of financial or other quantitative methodologies that may not adequately predict future results; violations of, or noncompliance with, laws, rules, regulations, prescribed practices, or ethical standards; and external influences such as market conditions, fraudulent activities, disasters, and security risks. we continuously strive to strengthen our system of internal controls to ensure compliance with laws, rules, and regulations, and to improve the oversight of our operational risk. we actively and continuously monitor cyber-attacks such as attempts related to online deception and loss of sensitive customer data. we evaluate internal systems, processes and controls to mitigate loss from cyber-attacks and, to date, have not experienced any material losses.
our objective for managing cyber security risk is to avoid or minimize the impacts of external threat events or other efforts to penetrate our systems. we work to achieve this objective by hardening networks and systems against attack, and by diligently managing visibility and monitoring controls within our data and communications environment to recognize events and respond before the attacker has the opportunity to plan and execute on its own goals. to this end we employ a set of defense in-depth strategies, which include efforts to make huntington less attractive as a target and less vulnerable to threats, while investing in threat analytic capabilities for rapid detection and response. potential concerns related to cyber security may be escalated to our board-level technology committee, as appropriate. as a complement to the overall cyber security risk management, we use a number of internal training methods, both formally through mandatory courses and informally through written communications and other updates. internal policies and procedures have been implemented to encourage the reporting of potential phishing attacks or other security risks. we also use third-party services to test the effectiveness of our cyber security risk management framework, and any such third parties are required to comply with our policies regarding information security and confidentiality.
to mitigate operational risks, we have a senior management operational risk committee and a senior management legal, regulatory, and compliance committee. the responsibilities of these committees, among other duties, include establishing and maintaining management information systems to monitor material risks and to identify potential concerns, risks, or trends that may have a significant impact and ensuring that recommendations are developed to address the identified issues. in addition, we have a senior management model risk oversight committee that is responsible for policies and procedures describing how model risk is evaluated and managed and the application of the governance process to implement these practices throughout the enterprise. these committees report any significant findings and recommendations to the risk management committee. potential concerns may be escalated to our roc, as appropriate.
the goal of this framework is to implement effective operational risk techniques and strategies; minimize operational, fraud, and legal losses; minimize the impact of inadequately designed models and enhance our overall performance.
compliance risk financial institutions are subject to many laws, rules, and regulations at both the federal and state levels. in september 2014, for example, the office of the comptroller of the currency issued its final rule formalizing its "heightened expectations" supervisory regime for the largest federally chartered depository institutions, including huntington, to improve risk management and ensure boards can challenge decisions made by management. these broad-based laws, rules and regulations include, but are not limited to, expectations relating to anti-money laundering, lending limits, client privacy, fair lending, prohibitions against unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices, protections for military members as they enter active duty, and community reinvestment. additionally, the volume and complexity of recent regulatory changes have increased our overall compliance risk. as such, we utilize various resources to help ensure expectations are met, including a team of compliance experts dedicated to ensuring our conformance with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations. our colleagues receive training for several broad-based laws and regulations including, but not limited to, anti-money laundering and customer privacy. additionally, colleagues engaged in lending activities receive training for laws and
regulations related to flood disaster protection, equal credit opportunity, fair lending, and/or other courses related to the extension of credit. we set a high standard of expectation for adherence to compliance management and seek to continuously enhance our performance.
capital
(this section should be read in conjunction with the regulatory matters section included in part 1, item 1 and note 21 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.)
both regulatory capital and shareholders' equity are managed at the bank and on a consolidated basis. we have an active program for managing capital and maintain a comprehensive process for assessing the company's overall capital adequacy. we believe our current levels of both regulatory capital and shareholders' equity are adequate.
regulatory capital beginning in the 2015 first quarter, we became subject to the basel iii capital requirements including the standardized approach for calculating risk-weighted assets in accordance with subpart d of the final capital rule. the following table presents risk-weighted assets and other financial data necessary to calculate certain financial ratios, including the common cet1 on a basel iii basis, which we use to measure capital adequacy.
table 29 - capital under current regulatory standards (transitional basel iii basis)
common equity tier 1 risk-based capital ratio:
total shareholders' equity                                                                    $6,595
regulatory capital adjustments:
shareholders' preferred equity                                                                  (386     )
deferred tax assets that arise from tax loss and credit carryforwards                            (19     )
common equity tier 1 capital                                                                   5,721
additional tier 1 capital shareholders' preferred equity                                                                   386
qualifying capital instruments subject to phase-out                                               76
tier 1 capital                                                                                 6,154
qualifying allowance for loan and lease losses                                                   670
tier 2 capital                                                                                 1,233
total risk-based capital                                                                      $7,387
risk-weighted assets (rwa)                                                                   $58,420
common equity tier 1 risk-based capital ratio                                                   9.79     %
other regulatory capital data:
tier 1 leverage ratio                                                                           8.79
tier 1 risk-based capital ratio                                                                10.53
total risk-based capital ratio                                                                 12.64
tangible common equity / rwa ratio                                                              9.41
table 30 - capital adequacy-non-regulatory
consolidated capital calculations:
common shareholders' equity                            $6,209              $5,942              $5,704              $5,393              $5,030
preferred shareholders' equity                            386                 386                 386                 386                 386
total shareholders' equity                              6,595               6,328               6,090               5,779               5,416
other intangible assets                                   (55   )             (75   )             (93   )            (132   )            (175   )
other intangible asset deferred tax liability (1)          19                  26                  33                  46                  61
total tangible equity                                   5,882               5,756               5,586               5,249               4,858
preferred shareholders' equity                           (386   )            (386   )            (386   )            (386   )            (386   )
total tangible common equity                           $5,496              $5,370              $5,200              $4,863              $4,472
total assets                                          $71,045             $66,298             $59,467             $56,141             $54,449
other intangible assets                                   (55   )             (75   )             (93   )            (132   )            (175   )
other intangible asset deferred tax liability (1)          19                  26                  33                  46                  61
total tangible assets                                 $70,332             $65,726             $58,963             $55,611             $53,891
tier 1 capital (2)                                       n.a.              $6,266              $6,100              $5,741              $5,557
preferred shareholders' equity                           n.a.                (386   )            (386   )            (386   )            (386   )
trust-preferred securities                               n.a.                (304   )            (299   )            (299   )            (532   )
reit-preferred stock                                     n.a.                   -                   -                 (50   )             (50   )
tier 1 common equity (2)                                 n.a.              $5,576              $5,415              $5,006              $4,589
risk-weighted assets (rwa) (2)                           n.a.             $54,479             $49,690             $47,773             $45,891
tier 1 common equity / rwa ratio (2)                     n.a.               10.23   %           10.90   %           10.48   %           10.00   %
tangible equity / tangible asset ratio                   8.36   %            8.76                9.47                9.44                9.01
tangible common equity / tangible asset ratio            7.81                8.17                8.82                8.74                8.30
(1)   other intangible assets are net of deferred tax liability, and calculated assuming a 35% tax rate.
n.a.   on january 1, 2015, we became subject to the basel iii capital requirements including the standardized approach for calculating risk-weighted assets in accordance with subpart d of the final capital rule.
the following table presents certain regulatory capital data at both the consolidated and bank levels for the past five years:
table 31 - regulatory capital data (1)
total risk-weighted assets                      consolidated     $58,420               $54,479             $49,690             $47,773             $45,891
common equity tier 1 risk-based capital         consolidated       5,721                  n.a.                n.a.                n.a.                n.a.
tier 1 risk-based capital                       consolidated       6,154                 6,266               6,100               5,741               5,557
tier 2 risk-based capital                       consolidated       1,233                 1,122               1,139               1,187               1,221
total risk-based capital                        consolidated       7,387                 7,388               7,239               6,928               6,778
tier 1 leverage ratio                           consolidated        8.79     %            9.74   %           10.67   %           10.36   %           10.28   %
common equity tier 1 risk-based capital ratio   consolidated        9.79                  n.a.                n.a.                n.a.                n.a.
tier 1 risk-based capital ratio                 consolidated       10.53                 11.50               12.28               12.02               12.11
total risk-based capital ratio                  consolidated       12.64                 13.56               14.57               14.50               14.77
(1)   on january 1, 2015, we became subject to the basel iii capital requirements including the standardized approach for calculating risk-weighted assets in accordance with subpart d of the final capital rule. amounts presented prior to january 1, 2015 are calculated using the basel i capital requirements.
at december 31, 2015, we maintained basel iii transitional capital ratios in excess of the well-capitalized standards established by the frb. all capital ratios were impacted by the repurchase of 23 million common shares in 2015.
shareholders' equity we generate shareholders' equity primarily through the retention of earnings, net of dividends and share repurchases. other potential sources of shareholders' equity include issuances of common and preferred stock. our objective is to maintain capital at an amount commensurate with our risk profile and risk tolerance objectives, to meet both regulatory and market expectations, and to provide the flexibility needed for future growth and business opportunities. shareholders' equity totaled $6.6 billion at december 31, 2015, an increase of $0.3 billion when compared with december 31, 2014.
dividends we consider disciplined capital management as a key objective, with dividends representing one component. our current capital ratios and expectations for continued earnings growth positions us to continue to actively explore additional capital management opportunities.
on january 20, 2016, our board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.07 per common share, payable on april 1, 2016. also, cash dividends of $0.07 per common share were declared on october 21, 2015. cash dividends of $0.06 per share were declared on july 22, 2015, april 21, 2015 and january 22, 2015. our 2015 capital plan to the frb included the continuation of our current common dividend through the 2016 first quarter.
share repurchases from time to time the board of directors authorizes the company to repurchase shares of our common stock. although we announce when the board of directors authorizes share repurchases, we typically do not give any public notice before we repurchase our shares. future stock repurchases may be private or open-market repurchases, including block transactions, accelerated or delayed block transactions, forward transactions, and similar transactions. various factors determine the amount and timing of our share repurchases, including our capital requirements, the number of shares we expect to issue for employee benefit plans and acquisitions, market conditions (including the trading price of our stock), and regulatory and legal considerations, including the frb's response to our annual capital plan.
on march 11, 2015, huntington announced that the federal reserve did not object to the proposed capital actions included in huntington's capital plan submitted to the frb in january 2015. these actions included a 17% increase in the quarterly dividend per common share to $0.07, starting in the fourth quarter of 2015, and the potential repurchase of up to $366 million of common stock over the five-quarter period through the second quarter of 2016. during 2015, we repurchased 23 million shares, with a weighted average price of $10.93. purchases of common stock may include open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions, and accelerated repurchase programs. we have approximately $166 million remaining under the current authorization.
on january 26, 2016, huntington announced the signing of a definitive merger agreement under which ohio-based firstmerit corporation, the parent company of firstmerit bank, will merge into huntington in a stock and cash transaction. the transaction is expected to be completed in the 2016 third quarter, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions, including regulatory approvals and the approval of the shareholders of huntington and firstmerit corporation. as a result of the announcement, huntington no longer has the intent to repurchase shares under the current authorization.
business segment discussion overview our business segments are based on our internally-aligned segment leadership structure, which is how we monitor results and assess performance. during the 2014 first quarter, we reorganized our business segments to drive our ongoing growth and leverage the knowledge of our highly experienced team. we now have five major business segments: retail and business banking, commercial banking, automobile finance and commercial real estate (afcre), regional banking and the huntington private client group (rbhpcg), and home lending. a treasury / other function includes technology and operations, other unallocated assets, liabilities, revenue, and expense.
business segment results are determined based upon our management reporting system, which assigns balance sheet and income statement items to each of the business segments. the process is designed around our organizational and management structure and, accordingly, the results derived are not necessarily comparable with similar information published by other financial institutions.
revenue sharing revenue is recorded in the business segment responsible for the related product or service. fee sharing is recorded to allocate portions of such revenue to other business segments involved in selling to, or providing service to customers. results of operations for the business segments reflect these fee sharing allocations.
expense allocation the management accounting process that develops the business segment reporting utilizes various estimates and allocation methodologies to measure the performance of the business segments. expenses are allocated to business segments using a two-phase approach. the first phase consists of measuring and assigning unit costs (activity-based costs) to activities related to product origination and servicing. these activity-based costs are then extended, based on volumes, with the resulting amount allocated to business segments that own the related products. the second phase consists of the allocation of overhead costs to all five business segments from treasury / other. we utilize a full-allocation methodology, where all treasury / other expenses, except reported significant items, and a small amount of other residual unallocated expenses, are allocated to the five business segments.
we use an active and centralized ftp methodology to attribute appropriate income to the business segments. the intent of the ftp methodology is to transfer interest rate risk from the business segments by providing matched duration funding of assets and liabilities. the result is to centralize the financial impact, management, and reporting of interest rate risk in the treasury / other function where it can be centrally monitored and managed. the treasury / other function charges (credits) an internal cost of funds for assets held in (or pays for funding provided by) each business segment. the ftp rate is based on prevailing market interest rates for comparable duration assets (or liabilities).
net income by business segment the segregation of net income by business segment for the past three years is presented in the following table:
table 32 - net income (loss) by business segment
retail and business banking        $258,664                    $172,199                    $128,973
treasury / other the treasury / other function includes revenue and expense related to assets, liabilities, and equity not directly assigned or allocated to one of the five business segments. other assets include investment securities and bank owned life insurance. the financial impact associated with our ftp methodology, as described above, is also included.
net interest income includes the impact of administering our investment securities portfolios and the net impact of derivatives used to hedge interest rate sensitivity. noninterest income includes miscellaneous fee income not allocated to other business segments, such as bank owned life insurance income and any investment security and trading asset gains or losses. noninterest expense includes certain corporate administrative, merger, and other miscellaneous expenses not allocated to other business segments. the provision for income taxes for the business segments is calculated at a statutory 35% tax rate, though our overall effective tax rate is lower. as a result, treasury / other reflects a credit for income taxes representing the difference between the lower actual effective tax rate and the statutory tax rate used to allocate income taxes to the business segments.
optimal customer relationship (ocr)
our ocr strategy is focused on building and deepening relationships with our customers through superior interactions, product penetration, and quality of service. we will deliver high-quality customer and prospect interactions through a fully integrated sales culture which will include all partners necessary to deliver a total huntington solution. the quality of our relationships will lead to our ability to be the primary bank for our customers, yielding quality, annuitized revenue and profitable share of customers overall financial services revenue. we believe our relationship oriented approach will drive a competitive advantage through our local market delivery channels.
consumer ocr performance for consumer ocr performance there are three key performance metrics: (1) the number of checking account households, (2) product penetration by number of services, and (3) the revenue generated from the consumer households of all business segments.
the growth in consumer checking account number of households is a result of both new sales of checking accounts and improved retention of existing checking account households. the overall objective is to grow the number of households, along with an increase in product penetration.
we use the checking account as a measure since it typically represents the primary banking relationship product. we count additional services by type, not number of services. for example, a household that has one checking account and one mortgage, we count as having two services. a household with four checking accounts, we count as having one service. the household relationship
utilizing 6+ services is viewed to be more profitable and loyal. the overall objective, therefore, is to decrease the percentage of 1-5 services per consumer checking account household, while increasing the percentage of those with 6+ or more services.
the following table presents consumer checking account household ocr metrics:
table 33 - consumer checking household ocr cross-sell report year ended december 31
(2)   the definitions and measurements used in our ocr process are periodically reviewed and updated prospectively.
(3)   on march 1, 2014, huntington acquired 9,904 camco financial households.
our emphasis on cross-sell, coupled with customers being attracted to the benefits offered through our "fair play" banking philosophy with programs such as 24-hour grace® on overdrafts and asterisk-free checkingtm, are having a positive effect. the percent of consumer households with 6 or more product services at the end of 2015 was 51.9%, up from 49.4% at the end of last year. for 2015, consumer checking account households grew 4%. total consumer checking account household revenue in 2015 was $1.1 billion, up $106 million, or 10%, from 2014.
commercial ocr performance for commercial ocr performance, there are three key performance metrics: (1) the number of checking account commercial relationships, (2) product penetration by number of services, and (3) the revenue generated. commercial relationships include relationships from all business segments.
the growth in the number of commercial relationships is a result of both new sales of checking accounts and improved retention of existing commercial accounts. the overall objective is to grow the number of relationships, along with an increase in product service distribution.
the commercial relationship is defined as a business banking or commercial banking customer with a checking account relationship. we use this metric because we believe that the checking account anchors a business relationship and creates the opportunity to increase our cross-sell activity. multiple sales of the same type of service are counted as one service, which is the same methodology described above for consumer.
the following table presents commercial relationship ocr metrics:
commercial relationships (1)                        168,774                     164,726                     159,716
(2)   the definitions and measurements used in our ocr process are periodically reviewed and updated prospectively.
by focusing on targeted relationships we are able to achieve higher product service penetration among our commercial relationships, and leverage these relationships to generate a deeper share of wallet. the percent of commercial relationships with 4 or more product services at the end of 2015 was 44.3%, up from 41.9% at the end of last year. total commercial relationship revenue in 2015 was $890 million, up $39 million, or 5%, from 2014.
retail and business banking table 35 - key performance indicators for retail and business banking
year ended december 31,                            change from 2014
provision for credit losses                                   42,828                    75,529                   (32,701     )         (43   )               137,978
provision for income taxes                                   139,280                    92,722                    46,558                50                    69,447
total average assets (in millions)                           $15,645                   $14,861                      $784                 5                   $14,371
total average deposits (in millions)                          30,138                    29,023                     1,115                 4                    28,309
retail and business banking reported net income of $259 million in 2015. this was an increase of $86 million, or 50%, compared to the year-ago period. the increase in net income reflected a combination of factors described below.
•   $1.1 billion, or 4%, increase in total average deposits and a 23 basis point increase in deposit spreads, as a result of an increase in the funds transfer price rates assigned to deposits.
•   $0.6 billion or 5%, increase in total average loans combined with a 10 basis point increase in loan spreads, as a result of a reduction in the funds transfer price rates assigned to loans and improved effective rates.
the decrease in the provision for credit losses from the year-ago period reflected:
•   $28 million, or 31%, decrease in ncos, and updated assumptions made to the acl estimation process.
•   $0.3 billion, or 7%, increase in commercial loans, primarily due to the impact of core portfolio growth.
•   $0.3 billion, or 4%, increase in consumer loans, primarily due to growth in home equity lines of credit, credit card, and residential mortgages, as well as the impact of the camco acquisition in the 2014 first quarter.
the increase in total average deposits from the year-ago period reflected:
•   $0.6 billion in combined deposit growth due to household growth, the camco acquisition in the 2014 first quarter and the bank of america branch acquisition in the 2014 third quarter.
•   $0.3 billion deposit growth from our in-store branch network.
•   $14 million, or 14%, increase in cards and payment processing income, primarily due to higher debit and credit card-related transaction volumes and an increase in the number of households.
•   $9 million, or 60%, increase in mortgage banking income, primarily driven by increased referrals to home lending due to an improved mortgage refinance market.
•   $28 million, or 10%, increase in personnel costs, primarily due to the bank of america branch acquisition in the 2014 third quarter and the camco acquisition in the 2014 first quarter, along with the expansion of our in-store branch network. the increase also reflects additional cost from increased employee benefit expense and annual merit salary adjustments and incentives.
•   $19 million, or 4%, increase in other noninterest expense, primarily reflecting an increase in allocated overhead expense and additional expense related to the bank of america branch and the camco acquisitions.
•   $7 million, or 16%, increase in outside data processing and other services expense, mainly the result of transaction volumes associated with debit and credit card activity.
•   $4 million, or 8%, increase in marketing, primarily due to direct mail campaigns in 2015.
•   $11 million, or 41%, decrease in amortization of intangibles, reflecting the full amortization of the core deposit intangible from the sky financial acquisition.
retail and business banking reported net income of $172 million in 2014, compared with a net income of $129 million in 2013. the $43 million increase included a $62 million, or 45%, decrease in provision for credit losses, a $12 million, or 3%, increase noninterest income, and a $10 million, or 1%, increase in net interest income partially offset by a $23 million, or 34%, increase in provision for income taxes and a $18 million, or 2%, increase in noninterest expense.
commercial banking table 36 - key performance indicators for commercial banking
year ended december 31,                          change from 2014
provision for credit losses                                 49,460                    31,521                  17,939                57                    27,464
provision for income taxes                                 101,662                    82,198                  19,464                24                    69,979
total average assets (in millions)                         $16,038                   $14,145                  $1,893                13                   $11,821
total average deposits (in millions)                        11,246                    10,207                   1,039                10                     9,429
commercial banking reported net income of $189 million in 2015. this was an increase of $36 million, or 24%, compared to the year-ago period. the increase in net income reflected a combination of factors described below.
•   $0.7 billion, or 77%, increase in average available-for-sale securities, primarily related to direct purchase municipal securities.
•   $1.0 billion, or 10%, increase in average total deposits.
•   16 basis point increase in the net interest margin due to a 19 basis point increase in the mix and yield on earning assets, primarily related to the huntington technology finance acquisition.
the increase in the provision for credit losses from the year-ago period reflected:
•   a $14 million, or 183%, increase in ncos, as well as growth in the commercial loan portfolio, and updated assumptions made to the acl estimation process.
the increase in total average assets from the year-ago period reflected:
•   $1.0 billion, or 26%, increase in the equipment finance loan and bond financing portfolio, which primarily reflected our focus on developing vertical strategies in huntington public capital, business aircraft, rail industry, lender finance, and syndications, as well as the 2015 first quarter acquisition of huntington technology finance.
•   $0.3 billion, or 17%, increase in the corporate banking loan portfolio due to establishing relationships with targeted prospects within our footprint.
•   $0.2 billion, or 8%, increase in the specialty verticals loan and bond financing portfolio, driven primarily by $0.2 billion, or 32%, increase in the international loan portfolio consisting of discounted bankers acceptances and foreign insured receivables.
the increase in total average deposits from the year-ago period reflected:
•   $1.3 billion, or 13%, increase in core deposits, which primarily reflected a $0.8 billion, or 16%, increase in noninterest-bearing demand deposits. middle market accounts, such as healthcare, contributed $0.6 billion of the overall balance growth, while large corporate accounts contributed $0.7 billion.
•   $34 million, or 259%, increase in equipment and technology finance related fee income, primarily reflecting the 2015 first quarter acquisition of huntington technology finance.
•   $6 million, or 11%, increase in service charges on deposit accounts and other treasury management related revenue, primarily due to growth in commercial card and merchant services revenue and cash management growth.
•   $5 million, or 15%, increase in commitment and other loan related fees, such as syndication fees.
•   $4 million, or 9%, increase in capital market fees.
•   $26 million, or 18%, increase in personnel expense, primarily reflecting the 2015 first quarter acquisition of huntington technology finance. the increase also reflects additional cost from annual merit salary adjustments and incentives.
•   $15 million, or 945%, increase in operating lease expense from the 2015 first quarter acquisition of huntington technology finance.
commercial banking reported net income of $153 million in 2014, compared with net income of $130 million in 2013. the $23 million increase included a $25 million, or 9%, increase in net interest income, a $9 million, or 4%, increase in noninterest income, and a $5 million, or 2%, decrease in noninterest expense partially offset by $12 million, or 17%, increase in provision for income taxes and a $4 million, or 15%, increase in provision for credit losses.
automobile finance and commercial real estate table 37 - key performance indicators for automobile finance and commercial real estate
year ended december 31,                                 change from 2014
provision (reduction in allowance) for credit losses         4,931                     (52,843      )               57,774                 n.r.                     (82,269      )
provision for income taxes                                  88,727                     105,742                     (17,015      )           (16   )                 118,694
total average assets (in millions)                         $16,894                     $14,591                      $2,303                   16                     $12,981
total average deposits (in millions)                         1,496                       1,204                         292                   24                       1,039
afcre reported net income of $165 million in 2015. this was a decrease of $32 million, or 16%, compared to the year-ago period. the decrease in net income reflected a combination of factors described below.
•   $1.1 billion, or 14%, increase in average automobile loans, primarily due to continued strong origination volume, which has exceeded $1.0 billion for each of the last 8 quarters. this increase was partially offset by the $0.8 billion automobile loan securitization and sale that was completed in the 2015 second quarter.
•   27 basis point decrease in the net interest margin, primarily due to a 25 basis point reduction in loan spreads. this decline continues to reflect the impact of competitive pricing pressures. also, the prior year results included a $5 million recovery from the unexpected payoff of an acquired commercial real estate loan.
the increase in the provision for credit losses from the year-ago period reflected:
•   growth in loan balances, as well as updated assumptions made to the acl estimation process, partially offset by lower ncos.
•   $5 million increase in gain on sale of loans, primarily due to the $0.8 billion automobile loan securitization and sale completed in the 2015 second quarter.
•   $3 million, or 13%, decrease in other income, primarily due to amortization expense associated with community development related investments and lower auto loan servicing income, partially offset by fee income from sales of derivative products.
•   $4 million, or 15%, increase in personnel costs, primarily due to a higher number of employees, resulting from higher production and business development activities, including community development.
afcre reported net income of $196 million in 2014, compared with a net income of $220 million in 2013. the $24 million decrease included a $29 million, or 36%, decrease in the reduction in allowance for credit losses, $20 million, or 43%, decrease in noninterest income partially offset by a $13 million, or 4%, increase in net interest income and a $13 million, or 11%, decrease in provision for income taxes.
regional banking and the huntington private client group table 38 - key performance indicators for regional banking and the huntington private client group
year ended december 31,                                        change from 2014
provision (reduction in allowance) for credit losses                  65                                   4,893                            (4,828       )             (99   )                      (5,376       )
provision for income taxes                                         5,013                                  11,852                            (6,839       )             (58   )                      21,271
total average assets (in millions)                                $3,388                                  $3,812                             $(424       )             (11   )                      $3,732
total average deposits (in millions)                               7,272                                   6,029                             1,243                      21                           5,765
total assets under management (in billions)-eop                    $11.8                                   $14.8                             $(3.0       )             (20   )                       $16.7
total trust assets (in billions)-eop                                81.6                                    81.5                               0.1                       -                            80.9
rbhpcg reported net income of $9 million in 2015. this was a decrease of $13 million, or 58%, when compared to the year-ago period. the decrease in net income reflected a combination of factors described below.
•   $1.2 billion, or 21%, increase in average total deposits, primarily due to growth in commercial money market deposits.
the decrease in the provision for credit losses reflected from the year-ago period reflected:
•   $3 million, or 41%, decrease in ncos and updated assumptions made to the acl estimation process.
•   $10 million, or 9%, decrease in trust services, primarily related to a decline in assets under management mainly from the decline in proprietary mutual funds following the 2014 second quarter transition of the fixed income and 2015 transition of the remaining huntington funds to a third-party and the movement of the fiduciary trust business to a more open architecture platform.
•   $6 million, or 14%, decrease in brokerage income, primarily reflecting a shift from upfront commission income to trailing commissions and an increase in the sale of new open architecture advisory products.
•   $3 million, or 30%, decrease in other noninterest income, primarily related to 2014 huntington community development corporation activity.
•   $27 million, or 45%, increase in other noninterest expense, primarily due to increased allocated product costs, losses, and proprietary mutual fund expense reimbursements.
•   $5 million, or 4%, decrease in personnel costs, primarily due to movement of certain trust personnel to corporate operations and reduced incentives related to the reduction in trust and brokerage income.
•   $2 million, or 9%, decrease in outside data processing and other services, primarily due to movement of trust system expenses to corporate operations.
rbhpcg reported net income of $22 million in 2014, compared with a net income of $40 million in 2013. the $17 million decrease included a $13 million, or 7%, decrease in noninterest income, a $10 million increase in provision for credit losses, and a $4 million, or 4%, decrease in net interest income. this was partially offset by a $9 million, or 44% decrease in provision for income taxes.
home lending table 39 - key performance indicators for home lending
year ended december 31,                         change from 2014
provision for credit losses                                2,670                    21,889                  (19,219    )        (88     )           12,249
provision for income taxes                                (2,461     )             (10,622     )              8,161             (77     )            1,437
total average assets (in millions)                        $3,980                    $3,810                     $170               4                 $3,676
total average deposits (in millions)                         351                       292                       59              20                    355
home lending reported a net loss of $5 million in 2015. this was an improvement of $15 million, when compared to the year-ago period. the reduction in the net loss reflected a combination of factors described below.
•   13 basis point increase in the net interest margin, primarily due to an increase in loan spreads on consumer loans driven by lower funding costs.
the decrease in provision for credit losses from the year-ago period reflected:
•   $10 million, or 64%, decrease in ncos and updated assumptions made to the acl estimation process.
•   $10 million, or 12%, increase in personnel costs, primarily due to commission expense related to higher origination volume.
home lending reported a net loss of $20 million in 2014, compared to net income of $3 million in 2013. the $22 million decrease included a $36 million, or 34%, decrease in noninterest income and a $10 million, or 79%, increase in provision for credit losses partially offset by a $12 million increase in benefit from income taxes, $6 million, or 12%, increase in net interest income, and a $5 million, or 4%, decrease in noninterest expense.
results for the fourth quarter earnings discussion in the 2015 fourth quarter, we reported net income of $178 million, an increase of $15 million, or 9%, from the 2014 fourth quarter. earnings per common share for the 2015 fourth quarter were $0.21, an increase of $0.02 from the year-ago quarter.
table 40 - significant items influencing earnings performance comparison
franchise repositioning related expense                                     (8           )                               (0.01           )
mergers and acquisitions, net gains(3)                                       -                                               -
net additions to litigation reserve                                        (12           )                               (0.01           )
franchise repositioning related expense                                     (9           )                               (0.01           )
net interest income / average balance sheet fte net interest income for the 2015 fourth quarter increased $25 million, or 5%, from the 2014 fourth quarter. this reflected the benefit from the $5.0 billion, or 8%, increase in average earning assets partially offset by a 9 basis point reduction in the fte nim to 3.09%. average earning asset growth included a $2.7 billion, or 6%, increase in average loans and leases and a $2.1 billion, or 17%, increase in average securities. the nim contraction reflected a 4 basis point decrease related to the mix and yield of earning assets and 9 basis point increase in funding costs, partially offset by the 4 basis point increase in the benefit from noninterest-bearing funds.
table 41 - average earning assets - 2015 fourth quarter vs. 2014 fourth quarter
fourth quarter                                                  change
home equity                                            8,463                           8,452                              11                       -
other consumer                                           547                             413                             134                      32
total consumer                                        24,375                          23,128                           1,247                       5
total securities                                      14,543                          12,459                           2,084                      17
loans held-for-sale and other earning assets             591                             459                             132                      29
total earning assets                                 $64,961                         $60,010                          $4,951                       8       %
average earning assets for the 2015 fourth quarter increased $5.0 billion, or 8%, from the year-ago quarter, driven by:
•   $2.1 billion, or 17%, increase in average securities, primarily reflecting the additional investment in lcr level 1 qualifying securities. the 2015 fourth quarter average balance also included $2.0 billion of direct purchase municipal instruments originated by our commercial segment, up from $1.2 billion in the year-ago quarter.
•   $1.3 billion, or 7%, increase in average c&amp;i loans and leases, primarily reflecting the $1.1 billion increase in asset finance, including the $0.8 billion of equipment finance leases acquired in the huntington technology finance transaction in the 2015 first quarter.
table 42 - average interest-bearing liabilities - 2015 fourth quarter vs. 2014 fourth quarter
fourth quarter                                                         change
2015                                                                                                  2014                              amount                    percent deposits demand deposits: noninterest-bearing                  $17,174                             $15,179                              $1,995                         13        %
demand deposits: interest-bearing                       6,923                               5,948                                 975                         16
total demand deposits                                  24,097                              21,127                               2,970                         14
money market deposits                                  19,843                              18,401                               1,442                          8
savings and other domestic deposits                     5,215                               5,052                                 163                          3
core certificates of deposit                            2,430                               3,058                                (628        )               (21        )
total core deposits                                    51,585                              47,638                               3,947                          8
other domestic deposits of $250,000 or more               426                                 201                                 225                        112
brokered deposits and negotiable cds                    2,929                               2,434                                 495                         20
deposits in foreign offices                               398                                 479                                 (81        )               (17        )
total deposits                                         55,338                              50,752                               4,586                          9
total interest-bearing liabilities                    $45,501                             $42,212                              $3,289                          8        %
average total deposits for the 2015 fourth quarter increased $4.6 billion, or 9%, from the year-ago quarter, including a $3.9 billion, or 8%, increase in average total core deposits. the growth in average total core deposits more than fully funded the year-over-year increase in average total loans and leases. average total interest-bearing liabilities increased $3.3 billion, or 8%, from the year-ago quarter. year-over-year changes in average total deposits and average total debt included:
•   $3.0 billion, or 14%, increase in average total demand deposits, including a $2.0 billion, or 13%, increase in average noninterest-bearing demand deposits and a $1.0 billion, or 16%, increase in average interest-bearing demand deposits. the increase in average total demand deposits was comprised of a $2.1 billion, or 16%, increase in average commercial demand deposits and a $0.8 billion, or 11%, increase in average consumer demand deposits.
•   $1.4 billion, or 8%, increase in average money market deposits, reflecting continued banker focus across all segments on obtaining our customers' full deposit relationship.
•   $0.7 billion, or 11%, increase in average total debt, reflecting a $2.9 billion, or 72%, increase in average long-term debt partially offset by a $2.2 billion, or 80%, reduction in average short-term borrowings. the increase in average long-term debt reflected the issuance of $3.1 billion of bank-level senior debt during 2015, including $0.9 billion during the 2015 fourth quarter, as well as $0.5 billion of debt assumed in the huntington technology finance acquisition at the end of the 2015 first quarter.
•   $0.5 billion, or 20%, increase in average brokered deposits and negotiable cds, which were used to efficiently finance balance sheet growth while continuing to manage the overall cost of funds.
•   $0.6 billion, or 21%, decrease in average core certificates of deposit due to the strategic focus on changing the funding sources to low- and no-cost demand deposits and money market deposits.
provision for credit losses the provision for credit losses increased to $36 million in the 2015 fourth quarter compared to $2 million in the 2014 fourth quarter. the 2015 fourth quarter included approximately $10 million related to e&p firms. in addition, the year ago quarter included a higher than expected level of commercial recoveries and a decrease in cre nals.
fourth quarter                                                  change
2015                                                          2014                                                   amount                 percent service charges on deposit accounts         $72,854                         $67,408                          $5,446                       8       %
cards and payment processing income          37,594                          27,993                           9,601                      34
capital markets fees                         13,778                          13,791                             (13       )               -
securities gains (losses)                       474                            (104       )   578                                      n.r.
noninterest income for the 2015 fourth quarter increased $39 million, or 17%, from the year-ago quarter. the year-over-year increase primarily reflected:
•   $17 million, or 124%, increase in mortgage banking income, reflecting an $11 million increase in origination and secondary marketing revenues and a $5 million increase from net msr hedging-related activities.
•   $10 million, or 34%, increase in cards and payment processing income, due to higher card related income and underlying customer growth.
•   $9 million, or 30%, increase in other income, including $6 million of operating lease income related to huntington technology finance and the $3 million net gain on the sale of haa, hasi, and unified.
•   $5 million, or 8%, increase in service charges on deposit accounts, reflecting the benefit of continued new customer acquisition including a 2% increase in commercial checking relationships and a 4% increase in consumer checking households.
•   $4 million, or 12%, decrease in trust services, primarily related to our fiduciary trust businesses moving to a more open architecture platform and a decline in assets under management in proprietary mutual funds. during the 2015 fourth quarter, the company closed the previously announced transactions to transition the huntington funds and to sell haa, hasi, and unified.
fourth quarter                                                  change
2015                                                                         2014                                                   amount                 percent personnel costs                                           $288,861                        $263,289                         $25,572                      10       %
outside data processing and other services                  63,775                          53,685                          10,090                      19
marketing                                                   12,035                          12,466                            (431       )              (3       )
deposit and other insurance expense                         11,105                          13,099                          (1,994       )             (15       )
impacts of significant items:                                      fourth quarter
personnel costs                                 $2,332                $2,165
outside data processing and other services       1,990                   306
marketing                                            -                    14
(dollar amounts in thousands)                                          fourth quarter                               change
2015                                                            2014                                amount         percent personnel costs                                 $286,529                $261,124              $25,405             10     %
outside data processing and other services        61,785                  53,379                8,406             16
marketing                                         12,035                  12,452                 (417    )        (3     )
deposit and other insurance expense               11,105                  13,099               (1,994    )       (15     )
reported noninterest expense for the 2015 fourth quarter increased $15 million, or 3%, from the year-ago quarter. changes in reported noninterest expense primarily reflect:
•   $26 million, or 10%, increase in personnel costs, reflecting a $26 million increase in salaries related to annual merit increases, the addition of huntington technology finance, and a 5% increase in the number of average full-time equivalent employees, largely related to the build-out of the in-store strategy.
•   $10 million, or 19%, increase in outside data processing and other services expense, primarily related to ongoing technology investments.
•   $9 million, or 18%, decrease in other expense, primarily reflecting the $12 million net increase to litigation reserves in the 2014 fourth quarter partially offset by $4 million of operating lease expense related to huntington technology finance.
•   $7 million, or 64%, decrease in amortization of intangibles reflecting the full amortization of the core deposit intangible from the sky financial acquisition at the end of the 2015 second quarter.
provision for income taxes the provision for income taxes in the 2015 fourth quarter was $56 million and $57 million in the 2014 fourth quarter. the effective tax rates for the 2015 fourth quarter and 2014 fourth quarter were 23.8% and 25.9%, respectively. at december 31, 2015, we had a net federal deferred tax asset of $7 million and a net state deferred tax asset of $43 million.
credit quality ncos ncos decreased $1 million, or 5%, to $22 million. ncos represented an annualized 0.18% of average loans and leases in the current quarter compared to 0.20% in the year-ago quarter. the quarter's results were positively impacted by recovery activity in the c&i and cre portfolios as a result of continued successful workout strategies. we continue to be pleased with the net charge-off performance across the entire portfolio, as we remain below our targeted range. overall consumer credit metrics, led by the home equity portfolio continue to show an improving trend, while the commercial portfolios continue to experience some quarter-to-quarter volatility based on the absolute low level of problem loans.
nals overall asset quality remains strong, with modest volatility based on the absolute low level of problem credits. nals increased $71 million, or 24%, from the year-ago quarter to $372 million, or 0.74% of total loans and leases. the increase was primarily centered in the commercial portfolio and was primarily comprised of several large energy-related relationships. npas increased $61 million, or 18%, from the year-ago quarter to $399 million, or 0.79% of total loans and leases and net oreo.
(this section should be read in conjunction with note 3 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.)
the period-end acl as a percentage of total loans and leases decreased to 1.33% from 1.40% a year ago, while the acl as a percentage of period-end total nals decreased to 180% from 222%. management believes the level of the acl is appropriate given the credit quality metrics and the current composition of the overall loan and lease portfolio.
table 45 - selected quarterly income statement data (1)
provision for credit losses                                      36,468                     22,476                     20,419                    20,591
net interest income after provision for credit losses           460,443                    472,979                    470,267                   447,094
income before income taxes                                      233,892                    199,590                    260,263                   219,860
provision for income taxes                                       55,583                     47,002                     64,057                    54,006
book value per common share                                       $7.81                      $7.78                      $7.61                     $7.51
tangible book value per common share(3)                            6.91                       6.88                       6.71                      6.62
return on average total assets                                     1.00      %                0.87      %                1.16     %                1.02     %
return on average common shareholders' equity                      10.8                        9.3                       12.3                      10.6
return on average tangible common shareholders' equity(5)          12.4                       10.7                       14.4                      12.2
efficiency ratio(6)                                                63.7                       69.1                       61.7                      63.5
margin analysis-as a % of average earning assets(7)
table 46 - selected quarterly income statement, capital, and other data (1)
capital adequacy                                                december 31,               september 30,                    june 30,                   march 31, total risk-weighted assets (in millions)(10)                  $58,420                     $57,839                     $57,850                     $57,840
tier 1 leverage ratio (period end)(10)                           8.79      %                 8.85      %                 8.98      %                 9.04      %
common equity tier 1 risk-based capital ratio(10)                9.79                        9.72                        9.65                        9.51
tier 1 risk-based capital ratio (period end)(10)                10.53                       10.49                       10.41                       10.22
total risk-based capital ratio (period end)(10)                 12.64                       12.70                       12.62                       12.48
tangible common equity / tangible asset ratio(8)                 7.81                        7.89                        7.91                        7.95
tangible equity / tangible asset ratio(9)                        8.36                        8.44                        8.48                        8.53
tangible common equity / risk-weighted assets ratio(10)          9.41                        9.48                        9.32                        9.25
table 47 - selected quarterly income statement data (1)
provision for credit losses                                       2,494                     24,480                     29,385                    24,630
net interest income after provision for credit losses           470,758                    441,855                    430,663                   412,876
income before income taxes                                      220,765                    208,886                    222,094                   201,240
provision for income taxes                                       57,151                     53,870                     57,475                    52,097
book value per share                                              $7.32                      $7.24                      $7.17                     $6.99
tangible book value per share(3)                                   6.62                       6.53                       6.48                      6.31
return on average total assets                                     1.00      %                0.97      %                1.07     %                1.01     %
return on average common shareholders' equity                      10.3                        9.9                       10.8                       9.9
return on average tangible common shareholders' equity(5)          11.9                       11.4                       12.4                      11.4
efficiency ratio(6)                                                66.2                       65.3                       62.7                      66.4
margin analysis-as a % of average earning assets(7)
table 48 - selected quarterly income statement, capital, and other data (1)
capital adequacy                                                december 31,               september 30,                    june 30,                   march 31, total risk-weighted assets (in millions)(11)                  $54,479                     $53,239                     $53,035                     $51,120
tier 1 leverage ratio(11)                                        9.74      %                 9.83      %                10.01      %                10.32      %
tier 1 risk-based capital ratio(11)                             11.50                       11.61                       11.56                       11.95
total risk-based capital ratio(11)                              13.56                       13.72                       13.67                       14.13
tier 1 common risk-based capital ratio(11)                      10.23                       10.31                       10.26                       10.60
tangible common equity / tangible asset ratio(8)                 8.17                        8.35                        8.38                        8.63
tangible equity / tangible asset ratio(9)                        8.76                        8.95                        8.99                        9.26
tangible common equity / risk-weighted assets ratio(11)          9.86                        9.99                        9.99                       10.22
(1)   comparisons for presented periods are impacted by a number of factors. refer to the significant items section for additional discussion regarding these items.
(2)   for all quarterly periods presented above, the impact of the convertible preferred stock issued in april of 2008 was excluded from the diluted share calculation because the result would have been higher than basic earnings per common share (anti-dilutive) for the periods.
(3)   deferred tax liability related to other intangible assets is calculated assuming a 35% tax rate.
(5)   net income applicable to common shares excluding expense for amortization of intangibles for the period divided by average tangible common shareholders' equity. average tangible common shareholders' equity equals average total common shareholders' equity less average intangible assets and goodwill. expense for amortization of intangibles and average intangible assets are net of deferred tax liability, and calculated assuming a 35% tax rate.
(6)   noninterest expense less amortization of intangibles and goodwill impairment divided by the sum of fte net interest income and noninterest income excluding securities gains (losses).
(8)   tangible common equity (total common equity less goodwill and other intangible assets) divided by tangible assets (total assets less goodwill and other intangible assets). other intangible assets are net of deferred tax, and calculated assuming a 35% tax rate.
(9)   tangible equity (total equity less goodwill and other intangible assets) divided by tangible assets (total assets less goodwill and other intangible assets). other intangible assets are net of deferred tax, and calculated assuming a 35% tax rate.
(10)   on january 1, 2015, we became subject to the basel iii capital requirements and the standardized approach for calculating risk-weighted assets in accordance with subpart d of the final capital rule.
additional disclosures forward-looking statements this report, including md&a, contains certain forward-looking statements, including certain plans, expectations, goals, projections, and statements, which are subject to numerous assumptions, risks, and uncertainties. statements that do not describe historical or current facts, including statements about beliefs and expectations, are forward-looking statements. forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as expect, anticipate, believe, intend, estimate, plan, target, goal, or similar expressions, or future or conditional verbs such as will, may, might, should, would, could, or similar variations. the forward-looking statements are intended to be subject to the safe harbor provided by section 27a of the securities act of 1933, section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934, and the private securities litigation reform act of 1995.
while there is no assurance that any list of risks and uncertainties or risk factors is complete, below are certain factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained or implied in the forward-looking statements: (1) worsening of credit quality performance due to a number of factors such as the underlying value of collateral that could prove less valuable than otherwise assumed and assumed cash flows may be worse than expected, (2) changes in general economic, political, or industry conditions, uncertainty in u.s. fiscal and monetary policy, including the interest rate policies of the federal reserve board, volatility and disruptions in global capital and credit markets, (3) movements in interest rates, (4) competitive pressures on product pricing and services, (5) success, impact, and timing of our business strategies, including market acceptance of any new products or services
implementing our "fair play" banking philosophy, (6) changes in accounting policies and principles and the accuracy of our assumptions and estimates used to prepare our financial statements, (7) extended disruption of vital infrastructure, (8) the final outcome of significant litigation or adverse legal developments in the proceedings, and (9) the nature, extent, timing, and results of governmental actions, examinations, reviews, reforms, regulations, and interpretations, including those related to the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act and the basel iii regulatory capital reforms, as well as those involving the occ, federal reserve, fdic, and cfpb.
all forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and are based on information available at that time. we assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect circumstances or events that occur after the date the forward-looking statements were made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events except as required by federal securities laws. as forward-looking statements involve significant risks and uncertainties, caution should be exercised against placing undue reliance on such statements.
non-gaap financial measures this document contains gaap financial measures and non-gaap financial measures where management believes it to be helpful in understanding huntington's results of operations or financial position. where non-gaap financial measures are used, the comparable gaap financial measure, as well as the reconciliation to the comparable gaap financial measure, can be found herein.
significant items from time-to-time, revenue, expenses, or taxes are impacted by items judged by us to be outside of ordinary banking activities and/or by items that, while they may be associated with ordinary banking activities, are so unusually large that their outsized impact is believed by us at that time to be infrequent or short-term in nature. we refer to such items as significant items. most often, these significant items result from factors originating outside the company; e.g., regulatory actions / assessments, windfall gains, changes in accounting principles, one-time tax assessments / refunds, litigation actions, etc. in other cases, they may result from our decisions associated with significant corporate actions outside of the ordinary course of business; e.g., merger / restructuring charges, recapitalization actions, goodwill impairment, etc.
even though certain revenue and expense items are naturally subject to more volatility than others due to changes in market and economic environment conditions, as a general rule volatility alone does not define a significant item. for example, changes in the provision for credit losses, gains / losses from investment activities, asset valuation writedowns, etc., reflect ordinary banking activities and are, therefore, typically excluded from consideration as a significant item.
we believe the disclosure of significant items provides a better understanding of our performance and trends to ascertain which of such items, if any, to include or exclude from an analysis of our performance; i.e., within the context of determining how that performance differed from expectations, as well as how, if at all, to adjust estimates of future performance accordingly. to this end, we adopted a practice of listing significant items in our external disclosure documents; e.g., earnings press releases, investor presentations, forms 10-q and 10-k.
significant items for any particular period are not intended to be a complete list of items that may materially impact current or future period performance.
fully-taxable equivalent basis interest income, yields, and ratios on a fte basis are considered non-gaap financial measures.  management believes net interest income on a fte basis provides a more accurate picture of the interest margin for comparison purposes.  the fte basis also allows management to assess the comparability of revenue arising from both taxable and tax-exempt sources.  the fte basis assumes a federal statutory tax rate of 35 percent. we encourage readers to consider the consolidated financial statements and other financial information contained in this form 10-k in their entirety, and not to rely on any single financial measure.
non-regulatory capital ratios in addition to capital ratios defined by banking regulators, the company considers various other measures when evaluating capital utilization and adequacy, including:
•   tangible common equity to tangible assets,
•   tier 1 common equity to risk-weighted assets using basel i definitions, and
•   tangible common equity to risk-weighted assets using basel i and basel iii definitions.
these non-regulatory capital ratios are viewed by management as useful additional methods of reflecting the level of capital available to withstand unexpected market conditions. additionally, presentation of these ratios allows readers to compare the company's capitalization to other financial services companies. these ratios differ from capital ratios defined by banking regulators principally in that the numerator excludes preferred securities, the nature and extent of which varies among different financial services companies. these ratios are not defined in generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap") or federal banking regulations. as a result, these non-regulatory capital ratios disclosed by the company are considered non-gaap financial measures.
because there are no standardized definitions for these non-regulatory capital ratios, the company's calculation methods may differ from those used by other financial services companies. also, there may be limits in the usefulness of these measures to investors. as a result, the company encourages readers to consider the consolidated financial statements and other financial information contained in this form 10-k in their entirety, and not to rely on any single financial measure.
risk factors more information on risk is set forth under the heading risk factors included in item 1a and incorporated by reference into this md&a. additional information regarding risk factors can also be found in the risk management and capital discussion, as well as the regulatory matters section included in item 1 and incorporated by reference into the md&a.
critical accounting policies and use of significant estimates our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with gaap. the preparation of financial statements in conformity with gaap requires us to establish accounting policies and make estimates that affect amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements. note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements, which is incorporated by reference into this md&a, describes the significant accounting policies we use in our consolidated financial statements.
an accounting estimate requires assumptions and judgments about uncertain matters that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. estimates are made under facts and circumstances at a point in time, and changes in those facts and circumstances could produce results substantially different from those estimates. the most significant accounting policies and estimates and their related application are discussed below.
allowance for credit losses our acl of $0.7 billion at december 31, 2015, represents our estimate of probable credit losses inherent in our loan and lease portfolio and our unfunded loan commitments and letters of credit. we regularly review our acl for appropriateness by performing on-going evaluations of the loan and lease portfolio. in doing so, we consider factors such as the differing economic risk associated with each loan category, the financial condition of specific borrowers, the level of delinquent loans, the value of any collateral and, where applicable, the existence of any guarantees or other documented support. we also evaluate the impact of changes in interest rates and overall economic conditions on the ability of borrowers to meet their financial obligations when quantifying our exposure to credit losses and assessing the appropriateness of our acl at each reporting date. there is no certainty that our acl will be appropriate over time to cover losses in the portfolio because of unanticipated adverse changes in the economy, market conditions, or events adversely affecting specific customers, industries, or markets. if the credit quality of our customer base materially deteriorates, the risk profile of a market, industry, or group of customers changes materially, or if the acl is not appropriate, our net income and capital could be materially adversely affected which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
valuation of financial instruments assets and liabilities carried at fair value inherently result in a higher degree of financial statement volatility. assets measured at fair value include certain loans held for sale, loans held for investment, available-for-sale and trading securities, certain securitized automobile loans, msrs, derivatives, and certain short-term borrowings. at december 31, 2015, approximately $9.1 billion of our assets and $0.1 billion of our liabilities were recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. in addition to the above mentioned on-going fair value measurements, fair value is also used for recording business combinations and measuring other non-recurring financial assets and liabilities.
at the end of each quarter, we assess the valuation hierarchy for each asset or liability measured at fair value. as necessary, assets or liabilities may be transferred within fair value hierarchy levels due to changes in availability of observable market inputs to measure fair value at the measurement date.
where available, we use quoted market prices to determine fair value. if quoted market prices are not available, fair value is determined, using either internally developed or independent third-party valuation models, based on inputs that are either directly observable or derived from market data. these inputs include, but are not limited to, interest rate yield curves, option volatilities, or option adjusted spreads. where neither quoted market prices nor observable market data are available, fair value is determined using valuation models that feature one or more significant unobservable inputs based on management's expectation that market participants
would use in determining the fair value of the asset or liability. the determination of appropriate unobservable inputs requires exercise of significant judgment. a significant portion of our assets and liabilities that are reported at fair value are measured based on quoted market prices or observable market/ independent inputs.
the following is a description of the significant estimates used in the valuation of financial assets and liabilities for which quoted market prices and observable market parameters are not available.
municipal and asset-backed securities the municipal securities portion that is classified as level 3 uses significant estimates to determine the fair value of these securities which results in greater subjectivity. the fair value is determined by utilizing third-party valuation services. the third-party service provider reviews credit worthiness, prevailing market rates, analysis of similar securities, and projected cash flows. the third-party service provider also incorporates industry and general economic conditions into their analysis. huntington evaluates the analysis provided for reasonableness.
our private label cmo and cdo preferred securities portfolios are measured at fair value using a valuation methodology involving use of significant unobservable inputs and are thus, classified as level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. the private label cmo securities portfolio is subjected to a monthly review of the projected cash flows, while the cash flows of our cdo preferred securities portfolio is reviewed quarterly. these reviews are supported with analysis from independent third parties, and are used as a basis for impairment analysis.
alt-a mortgage-backed and private-label cmo securities are collateralized by first-lien residential mortgage loans. the securities valuation methodology incorporates values obtained from a third-party pricing specialist using a discounted cash flow approach and a proprietary pricing model and includes assumptions management believes market participants would use to value the securities under current market conditions. the model uses inputs such as estimated prepayment speeds, losses, recoveries, default rates that are implied by the underlying performance of collateral in the structure or similar structures, house price depreciation / appreciation rates that are based upon macroeconomic forecasts and discount rates that are implied by market prices for similar securities with similar collateral structures.
cdo preferred securities are cdos backed by a pool of debt securities issued by financial institutions. the collateral generally consists of trust-preferred securities and subordinated debt securities issued by banks, bank holding companies, and insurance companies. a full cash flow analysis is used to estimate fair values and assess impairment for each security within this portfolio. we engage a third-party pricing specialist with direct industry experience in pooled-trust-preferred securities valuations to provide assistance in estimating the fair value and expected cash flows for each security in this portfolio. the pd of each issuer and the market discount rate are the most significant inputs in determining fair value. management evaluates the pd assumptions provided by the third-party pricing specialist by comparing the current pd to the assumptions used the previous quarter, actual defaults and deferrals in the current period, and trend data on certain financial ratios of the issuers. huntington also evaluates the assumptions related to discount rates. relying on cash flows is necessary because there was a lack of observable transactions in the market and many of the original sponsors or dealers for these securities are no longer able to provide a fair value that is compliant with asc 820.
derivatives used for hedging purposes derivatives designated as qualified hedges are tested for hedge effectiveness on a quarterly basis. assessments are made at the inception of the hedge and on a recurring basis to determine whether the derivative used in the hedging transaction has been and is expected to continue to be highly effective in offsetting changes in fair values or cash flows of the hedged item. a statistical regression analysis is performed to measure the effectiveness.
if, based on the assessment, a derivative is not expected to be a highly effective hedge or it has ceased to be a highly effective hedge, hedge accounting is discontinued as of the quarter the hedge is not highly effective. as the statistical regression analysis requires the use of estimates regarding the amount and timing of future cash flows which are sensitive to significant changes in future periods based on changes in market rates; we consider this a critical accounting estimate.
loans held for sale huntington has elected to apply the fair value option to certain residential mortgage loans that are classified as held for sale at origination. the fair value of such loans is estimated based on the inputs that include prices of mortgage backed securities adjusted for other variables such as, interest rates, expected credit defaults and market discount rates. the adjusted value reflects the price we expect to receive from the sale of such loans.
certain consumer and commercial loans are classified as held for sale and are accounted for at the lower of amortized cost or fair value. the determination of fair value for these consumer loans is based on observable prices for similar products or discounted expected cash flows, which takes into consideration factors such as future interest rates, prepayment speeds, default and loss curves, and market discount rates.
mortgage servicing rights retained rights to service mortgage loans are recognized as a separate and distinct asset at the time the loans are sold. mortgage servicing rights ("msrs") are initially recorded at fair value at the time the related loans are sold and subsequently re-measured at each reporting date under either the fair value or amortization method. the election of the fair value or amortization method is made at the time each servicing asset is established. all newly created msrs since 2009 are recorded using the amortization method. any increase or decrease in fair value of msrs accounted for under the fair value method, as well as any amortization and/or impairment of msrs recorded under the amortization method, is reflected in earnings in the period that the changes occur. msrs are subject to interest rate risk in that their fair value will fluctuate as a result of changes in the interest rate environment. fair value is determined based upon the application of an income approach valuation model. we use an independent third-party valuation model, which incorporates assumptions in estimating future cash flows. these assumptions include prepayment speeds, payoffs, and changes in valuation inputs and assumptions. the reasonableness of these pricing models is validated on a minimum of a quarterly basis by at least one independent external service broker valuation. because the fair values of msrs are significantly impacted by the use of estimates, the use of different assumptions can result in different estimated fair values of those msrs.
contingent liabilities we are a party to various claims, litigation, and legal proceedings resulting from ordinary business activities relating to our current and/or former operations. we estimate and provide for potential losses that may arise out of litigation and regulatory proceedings to the extent that such losses are probable and can be reasonably estimated. significant judgment is required in making these estimates and our final liabilities may ultimately be more or less than the current estimate. our total estimated liability in respect of litigation and regulatory proceedings is determined on a case-by-case basis and represents an estimate of probable losses after considering, among other factors, the progress of each case or proceeding, our experience and the experience of others in similar cases or proceedings, and the opinions and views of legal counsel. litigation exposure represents a key area of judgment and is subject to uncertainty and certain factors outside of our control.
income taxes the calculation of our provision for income taxes is complex and requires the use of estimates and judgments. we have two accruals for income taxes: (1) our income tax payable represents the estimated net amount currently due to the federal, state, and local taxing jurisdictions, net of any reserve for potential audit issues and any tax refunds and the net receivable balance is reported as a component of accrued income and other assets in our consolidated balance sheet; (2) our deferred federal and state income tax and related valuation accounts, reported as a component of accrued income and other assets, represents the estimated impact of temporary differences between how we recognize our assets and liabilities under gaap, and how such assets and liabilities are recognized under federal and state tax law.
in the ordinary course of business, we operate in various taxing jurisdictions and are subject to income and non-income taxes. the effective tax rate is based in part on our interpretation of the relevant current tax laws. we believe the aggregate liabilities related to taxes are appropriately reflected in the consolidated financial statements. we review the appropriate tax treatment of all transactions taking into consideration statutory, judicial, and regulatory guidance in the context of our tax positions. in addition, we rely on various tax opinions, recent tax audits, and historical experience.
from time-to-time, we engage in business transactions that may affect our tax liabilities. where appropriate, we obtain opinions of outside experts and assess the relative merits and risks of the appropriate tax treatment of business transactions taking into account statutory, judicial, and regulatory guidance in the context of the tax position. however, changes to our estimates of accrued taxes can occur due to changes in tax rates, implementation of new business strategies, resolution of issues with taxing authorities regarding previously taken tax positions, and newly enacted statutory, judicial, and regulatory guidance. such changes could affect the amount of our accrued taxes and could be material to our financial position and/or results of operations. (see note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.)
deferred tax assets at december 31, 2015, we had a net federal deferred tax asset of $7 million and a net state deferred tax asset of $43 million. a valuation allowance is provided when it is more-likely-than-not some portion of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. all available evidence, both positive and negative, was considered to determine whether, based on the weight of that evidence, impairment should be recognized. our forecast process includes judgmental and quantitative elements that may be subject to significant change. if our forecast of taxable income within the carryforward periods available under applicable law is not sufficient to cover the amount of net deferred tax assets, such assets may be impaired. based on our analysis of both positive and negative evidence and our ability to offset the net deferred tax assets against our forecasted future taxable income, there was no impairment of the net deferred tax assets at december 31, 2015, other than a valuation allowance relating to state net operating loss carryovers.
recent accounting pronouncements and developments
note 2 to consolidated financial statements discusses new accounting pronouncements adopted during 2015 and the expected impact of accounting pronouncements recently issued but not yet required to be adopted. to the extent the adoption of new accounting standards materially affect financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity, the impacts are discussed in the applicable section of this md&a and the notes to consolidated financial statements.