management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
report on form 10-k. as a consequence, current plans, anticipated actions and future financial position and results of operations may differ from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of hca. you are cautioned not to unduly rely on such forward-looking statements when evaluating the information presented in this report.
2015 operations summary net income attributable to hca holdings, inc. totaled $2.129 billion, or $4.99 per diluted share, for 2015, compared to $1.875 billion, or $4.16 per diluted share, for 2014. the 2015 results include losses on retirement of debt of $135 million, or $0.20 per diluted share, legal claim costs of $249 million, or $0.37 per diluted share, and net losses on sales of facilities of $5 million. the 2014 results include net gains on sales of facilities of
revenues increased to $39.678 billion for 2015 from $36.918 billion for 2014. revenues increased 7.5% and 6.4%, respectively, on a consolidated basis and on a same facility basis for 2015, compared to 2014. the consolidated revenues increase can be primarily attributed to the combined impact of a 1.8% increase in revenue per equivalent admission and a 5.5% increase in equivalent admissions. the same facility revenues increase resulted primarily from a 1.7% increase in same facility revenue per equivalent admission and a 4.6% increase in same facility equivalent admissions.
during 2015, consolidated admissions increased 4.1% and same facility admissions increased 3.4%, compared to 2014.
inpatient surgical volumes increased 2.1% on both a consolidated and same facility basis during 2015, compared to
2014. outpatient surgical volumes increased 2.0% on a consolidated basis and increased 1.6% on a same facility basis during 2015, compared to 2014. emergency room visits increased 8.0% on a consolidated basis and increased
7.0% on a same facility basis during 2015, compared to 2014.
for 2015, the provision for doubtful accounts increased $744 million, compared to 2014. the self-pay revenue deductions for charity care and uninsured discounts declined $93 million and increased $1.693 billion, respectively, for 2015, compared to 2014. the sum of the provision for doubtful accounts, uninsured discounts and charity care, as a percentage of the sum of revenues, the provision for doubtful accounts, uninsured discounts and charity care, was 31.5% for 2015, compared to 30.2% for 2014. same facility uninsured admissions increased 4.5% and same facility uninsured emergency room visits increased 1.2% for 2015, compared to 2014. same facility uninsured admissions declined 9.4% and same facility uninsured emergency room visits declined 6.6% for 2014, compared to
2013. we believe the reversal of the 2014 declines during 2015 was primarily due to the anniversary of the benefits from the health insurance exchanges and medicaid expansion programs that we began realizing during the second quarter of 2014.
cash flows from operating activities increased $286 million, from $4.448 billion for 2014 to $4.734 billion for
2015. the increase in cash flows from operating activities was primarily related to the net impact of an increase in net income of $323 million and net negative changes in working capital items of $59 million.
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
business strategy we are committed to providing the communities we serve with high quality, cost-effective health care while growing our business, increasing our profitability and creating long-term value for our stockholders. to achieve these objectives, we align our efforts around the following growth agenda:
grow our presence in existing markets.we believe we are well positioned in a number of large and growing markets that will allow us the opportunity to generate long-term, attractive growth through the expansion of our presence in these markets. we plan to continue recruiting and strategically collaborating with the physician community and adding attractive service lines such as cardiology, emergency services, oncology and women’s services. additional components of our growth strategy include expanding our footprint through developing various outpatient access points, including surgery centers, urgent care clinics, freestanding emergency departments and walk-in clinics.
achieve industry-leading performance in clinical and satisfaction measures.achieving high levels of patient safety, patient satisfaction and clinical quality are central goals of our business model. to achieve these goals, we have implemented a number of initiatives including infection reduction initiatives, hospitalist programs, advanced health information technology and evidence-based medicine programs. we routinely analyze operational practices from our best-performing hospitals to identify ways to implement organization-wide performance improvements and reduce clinical variation. we believe these initiatives will continue to improve patient care, help us achieve cost efficiencies, grow our revenues and favorably position us in an environment where our constituents are increasingly focused on quality, efficacy and efficiency.
recruit and employ physicians to meet need for high quality health services.we depend on the quality and dedication of the health care providers and other team members who serve at our facilities. we believe a critical component of our growth strategy is our ability to successfully recruit and strategically collaborate with physicians and other professionals to provide high quality care. we attract and retain physicians by providing high quality, convenient facilities with advanced technology, by expanding our specialty services and by building our outpatient operations.
we believe our continued investment in the employment, recruitment and retention of physicians will improve the quality of care at our facilities.
continue to leverage our scale and market positions to enhance profitability.we believe there is significant opportunity to continue to grow the profitability of our company by fully leveraging the scale and scope of our franchise. we are currently pursuing next generation performance improvement initiatives such as contracting for services on a multistate basis and expanding our support infrastructure for additional clinical and support functions, such as physician credentialing, medical transcription and electronic medical recordkeeping. we believe our centrally managed business processes and ability to leverage cost-saving practices across our extensive network will enable us to continue to manage costs effectively. we continue to invest in our parallon subsidiary group to leverage key components of our support infrastructure, including revenue cycle management, health care group purchasing, supply chain management and staffing functions and are offering many of these services to other hospital companies.
selectively pursue a disciplined development strategy.we continue to believe there are significant growth opportunities in our markets. we will continue to provide financial and operational resources to analyze and develop our in-market opportunities. to complement our in-market growth agenda, we intend to focus on selectively developing and acquiring new hospitals, outpatient facilities and other health care service providers. we believe the challenges faced by the hospital industry may spur consolidation and we believe our size, scale, national presence and access to capital will position us well to participate in any such consolidation. we have a
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
strong record of successfully acquiring and integrating hospitals and entering into joint ventures and intend to continue leveraging this experience.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent liabilities and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses. our estimates are based on historical experience and various other assumptions we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. we evaluate our estimates on an ongoing basis and make changes to the estimates and related disclosures as experience develops or new information becomes known. actual results may differ from these estimates.
we believe the following critical accounting policies affect our more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements.
revenues revenues are recorded during the period the health care services are provided, based upon the estimated amounts due from payers. estimates of contractual allowances under managed care health plans are based upon the payment terms specified in the related contractual agreements. laws and regulations governing the medicare and medicaid programs are complex and subject to interpretation. the estimated reimbursement amounts are made on a payer-specific basis and are recorded based on the best information available regarding management’s interpretation of the applicable laws, regulations and contract terms. management continually reviews the contractual estimation process to consider and incorporate updates to laws and regulations and the frequent changes in managed care contractual terms resulting from contract renegotiations and renewals. we have invested significant resources to refine and improve our billing systems and the information system data used to make contractual allowance estimates. we have developed standardized calculation processes and related training programs to improve the utility of our patient accounting systems.
the emergency medical treatment and labor act (“emtala”) requires any hospital participating in the medicare program to conduct an appropriate medical screening examination of every person who presents to the hospital’s emergency room for treatment and, if the individual is suffering from an emergency medical condition, to either stabilize the condition or make an appropriate transfer of the individual to a facility able to handle the condition. the obligation to screen and stabilize emergency medical conditions exists regardless of an individual’s ability to pay for treatment. federal and state laws and regulations, including but not limited to emtala, require, and our commitment to providing quality patient care encourages, the provision of services to patients who are financially unable to pay for the health care services they receive. the health reform law requires health plans to reimburse hospitals for emergency services provided to enrollees without prior authorization and without regard to whether a participating provider contract is in place. further, the health reform law contains provisions that seek to decrease the number of uninsured individuals, including requirements or incentives for individuals to obtain, and large employers to provide, insurance coverage. these mandates are reducing the financial impact of screening for and stabilizing emergency medical conditions. however, many factors are continuing to develop regarding the impact of the health reform law, including how many previously uninsured individuals will obtain and maintain coverage as a result of the law, the change, if any, in the volume of inpatient and outpatient hospital services that are sought by and provided to previously uninsured individuals and overall changes in the payer mix.
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
critical accounting policies and estimates (continued)
we do not pursue collection of amounts related to patients who meet our guidelines to qualify as charity care;
therefore, they are not reported in revenues. patients treated at our hospitals for nonelective care, who have income at or below 200% of the federal poverty level, are eligible for charity care. the federal poverty level is established by the federal government and is based on income and family size. we provide discounts from our gross charges to uninsured patients who do not qualify for medicaid or charity care. after the discounts are applied, we are still unable to collect a significant portion of uninsured patients’ accounts, and we record significant provisions for doubtful accounts (based upon our historical collection experience) related to uninsured patients in the period the services are provided.
due to the complexities involved in the classification and documentation of health care services authorized and provided, the estimation of revenues earned and the related reimbursement are often subject to interpretations that could result in payments that are different from our estimates. adjustments to estimated medicare and medicaid reimbursement amounts and disproportionate-share funds, which resulted in net increases to revenues, related primarily to cost reports filed during the respective year were $48 million, $50 million and $41 million in 2015,
provision for doubtful accounts and the allowance for doubtful accounts the collection of outstanding receivables from medicare, medicaid, managed care payers, other third-party payers and patients is our primary source of cash and is critical to our operating performance. the primary collection risks relate to uninsured patient accounts, including patient accounts for which the primary insurance carrier has paid the amounts covered by the applicable agreement, but patient responsibility amounts (deductibles and copayments) remain outstanding. the provision for doubtful accounts and the allowance for doubtful accounts relate primarily to amounts due directly from patients. an estimated allowance for doubtful accounts is recorded for all uninsured accounts, regardless of the aging of those accounts. accounts are written off when all reasonable internal and external collection efforts have been performed. our collection policies include a review of all accounts against certain standard collection criteria, upon completion of our primary internal collection efforts.
accounts determined to possess positive collectibility attributes are forwarded to a secondary internal or external collection agency and the other accounts are written off. the accounts that are not collected by the secondary collection agency are written off when secondary collection efforts are completed (usually within 12 months).
writeoffs are based upon specific identification and the writeoff process requires a writeoff adjustment entry to the patient accounting system. we do not pursue collection of amounts related to patients that meet our guidelines to qualify as charity care.
the amount of the provision for doubtful accounts is based upon management’s assessment of historical writeoffs and expected net collections, business and economic conditions, trends in federal, state, and private employer health care coverage and other collection indicators. management relies on the results of detailed reviews of historical writeoffs and recoveries at facilities that represent a majority of our revenues and accounts receivable (the
“hindsight analysis”) as a primary source of information in estimating the collectibility of our accounts receivable. we perform the hindsight analysis quarterly, utilizing rolling twelve-months accounts
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
critical accounting policies and estimates (continued)
receivable collection and writeoff data. we believe our quarterly updates to the estimated allowance for doubtful accounts at each of our hospital facilities provide reasonable valuations of our accounts receivable. these routine, quarterly changes in estimates have not resulted in material adjustments to our allowance for doubtful accounts, provision for doubtful accounts or period-to-period comparisons of our results of operations. at december
to quantify the total impact of and trends related to uninsured accounts, we believe it is beneficial to view the revenue deductions related to uninsured accounts (charity care and uninsured discounts) and provision for doubtful accounts in combination, rather than each separately. a summary of these amounts for the years ended december 31, follows (dollars in millions):
charity care                       $   3,682    $   3,775    $   3,497
the sum of the provision for doubtful accounts, uninsured discounts and charity care, as a percentage of the sum of revenues, the provision for doubtful accounts, uninsured discounts and charity care was 31.5% for 2015, 30.2% for
2014 and 31.3% for 2013. we believe the decline from 2013 to 2014 was primarily due to previously uninsured patients obtaining medical coverage through the health insurance exchanges and medicaid expansion programs. we believe the increase from 2014 to 2015 was primarily due to the anniversary of the benefits from the health insurance exchanges and medicaid expansion programs that we began realizing during 2014.
days revenues in accounts receivable were 53 days, 54 days and 54 days at december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. management expects a continuation of the challenges related to the collection of the patient due accounts. adverse changes in the percentage of our patients having adequate health care coverage, increases in patient responsibility amounts under certain health care coverages, general economic conditions, patient accounting service center operations, payer mix, or trends in federal, state, and private employer health care coverage could affect the collection of accounts receivable, cash flows and results of operations.
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
critical accounting policies and estimates (continued)
professional liability claims we, along with virtually all health care providers, operate in an environment with professional liability risks.
our facilities are insured by our 100% owned insurance subsidiary for losses up to $50 million per occurrence, subject to a $15 million per occurrence self-insured retention. the insurance subsidiary has obtained reinsurance for professional liability risks generally above a retention level of $25 million per occurrence. we purchase excess insurance on a claims-made basis for losses in excess of $50 million per occurrence. provisions for losses related to professional liability risks were $344 million, $395 million and $314 million for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
reserves for professional liability risks represent the estimated ultimate cost of all reported and unreported losses incurred through the respective consolidated balance sheet dates. the estimated ultimate cost includes estimates of direct expenses and fees paid to outside counsel and experts, but does not include the general overhead costs of our insurance subsidiary or corporate office. individual case reserves are established based upon the particular circumstances of each reported claim and represent our estimates of the future costs that will be paid on reported claims. case reserves are reduced as claim payments are made and are adjusted upward or downward as our estimates regarding the amounts of future losses are revised. once the case reserves for known claims are determined, information is stratified by loss layers and retentions, accident years, reported years, and geographic location of our hospitals. several actuarial methods are employed to utilize this data to produce estimates of ultimate losses and reserves for incurred but not reported claims, including: paid and incurred extrapolation methods utilizing paid and incurred loss development to estimate ultimate losses; frequency and severity methods utilizing paid and incurred claims development to estimate ultimate average frequency (number of claims) and ultimate average severity (cost per claim); and bornhuetter-ferguson methods which add expected development to actual paid or incurred experience to estimate ultimate losses. these methods use our company-specific historical claims data and other information. company-specific claim reporting and payment data collected over an approximate
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
critical accounting policies and estimates (continued)
professional liability claims (continued)
data includes information regarding our business, including historical paid losses and loss adjustment expenses, historical and current case loss reserves, actual and projected hospital statistical data, professional liability retentions for each policy year, geographic information and other data.
reserves and provisions for professional liability risks are based upon actuarially determined estimates. the estimated reserve ranges, net of amounts receivable under reinsurance contracts, were $1.294 billion to $1.548
billion at december 31, 2015 and $1.229 billion to $1.469 billion at december 31, 2014. our estimated reserves for professional liability claims may change significantly if future claims differ from expected trends. we perform sensitivity analyses which model the volatility of key actuarial assumptions and monitor our reserves for adequacy relative to all our assumptions in the aggregate. based on our analysis, we believe the estimated professional liability reserve ranges represent the reasonably likely outcomes for ultimate losses. we consider the number and severity of claims to be the most significant assumptions in estimating reserves for professional liabilities. a 2%
million or reduce the reserve estimate by $19 million. a 2% change in the expected claim severity trend could be reasonably likely and would increase the reserve estimate by $78 million or reduce the reserve estimate by $73
million. we believe adequate reserves have been recorded for our professional liability claims; however, due to the complexity of the claims, the extended period of time to resolve the claims and the wide range of potential outcomes, our ultimate liability for professional liability claims could change by more than the estimated sensitivity amounts and could change materially from our current estimates.
the reserves for professional liability risks cover approximately 2,700 individual claims at both december 31, 2015
and 2014 and estimates for unreported potential claims. the time period required to resolve these claims can vary depending upon the jurisdiction and whether the claim is settled or litigated. the average time period between the occurrence and final resolution for our professional liability claims is approximately five years, although the facts and circumstances of each individual claim can result in an occurrence-to-resolution timeframe that varies from this average. the estimation of the timing of payments beyond a year can vary significantly.
reserves for professional liability risks were $1.465 billion and $1.407 billion at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. the current portion of these reserves, $350 million and $329 million at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, is included in “other accrued expenses.” obligations covered by reinsurance and excess insurance contracts are included in the reserves for professional liability risks, as we remain liable to the extent reinsurers and excess insurance carriers do not meet their obligations. reserves for professional liability risks
the estimated total net reserves for professional liability risks at december 31, 2015 and 2014 are comprised of
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
critical accounting policies and estimates (continued)
professional liability claims (continued)
changes in our professional liability reserves, net of reinsurance recoverable, for the years ended december 31, are summarized in the following table (dollars in millions):
net reserves for professional liability    $  1,382       $  1,255    $  1,248
net reserves for professional liability    $  1,421       $  1,382    $  1,255
income taxes we calculate our provision for income taxes using the asset and liability method, under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized by identifying the temporary differences that arise from the recognition of items in different periods for tax and accounting purposes. deferred tax assets generally represent the tax effects of amounts expensed in our income statement for which tax deductions will be claimed in future periods.
although we believe we have properly reported taxable income and paid taxes in accordance with applicable laws, federal, state or international taxing authorities may challenge our tax positions upon audit. significant judgment is required in determining and assessing the impact of uncertain tax positions. we report a liability for unrecognized tax benefits from uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken in our income tax return.
during each reporting period, we assess the facts and circumstances related to uncertain tax positions. if the realization of unrecognized tax benefits is deemed probable based upon new facts and circumstances, the estimated liability and the provision for income taxes are reduced in the current period. final audit results may vary from our estimates.
results of operations revenue/volume trends our revenues depend upon inpatient occupancy levels, the ancillary services and therapy programs ordered by physicians and provided to patients, the volume of outpatient procedures and the charge and negotiated payment rates for such services. gross charges typically do not reflect what our facilities are actually paid. our facilities have entered into agreements with third-party payers, including government programs and managed care health plans, under which the facilities are paid based upon the cost of providing services, predetermined rates per diagnosis, fixed per diem rates or discounts from gross charges. we do not pursue collection of amounts related to patients who meet our guidelines to qualify for charity care; therefore, they are not reported in revenues. we provide discounts to uninsured patients who do not qualify for medicaid or charity care.
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
2014 as the settlement amount for certain claims denied by recovery audit contractor (“rac”) entities conducting reviews on behalf of cms and pending in the appeals process. cms offered an administrative agreement to providers willing to withdraw their pending appeals in exchange for a timely partial payment (generally, 68% of the claim amount, subject to certain adjustments), which we accepted during 2014. all revenue amounts and revenue-related statistics for the year ended december 31, 2014 include the impact of these two items that resulted in increases to revenues.
same facility revenues increased 6.4% for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31,
increase for 2015 can be primarily attributed to the combined impact of a 1.7% increase in same facility revenue per equivalent admission and a 4.6% increase in same facility equivalent admissions. the 6.9% increase for 2014 can be primarily attributed to the combined impact of a 3.9% increase in same facility revenue per equivalent admission and a 2.9% increase in same facility equivalent admissions.
1.1% during 2014 compared to 2013. consolidated emergency room visits increased 8.0% during 2015 compared to 2014
same facility admissions increased 3.4% in 2015 compared to 2014 and increased 2.1% in 2014 compared to 2013. same facility inpatient surgeries increased 2.1% and same facility outpatient surgeries increased 1.6% during 2015
compared to 2014. same facility inpatient surgeries increased 1.3% and same facility outpatient surgeries declined
0.1% during 2014 compared to 2013. same facility emergency room visits increased 7.0% during 2015 compared to 2014
same facility uninsured emergency room visits increased 1.2% and same facility uninsured admissions increased 4.5%
during 2015 compared to 2014. we believe these increases were primarily due to the anniversary of the declines experienced during 2014 as some previously uninsured patients obtained medical coverage through health insurance exchanges and medicaid expansion programs. same facility uninsured emergency room visits declined 6.6% and same facility uninsured admissions declined 9.4% during 2014 compared to 2013. we believe these declines were primarily due to some previously uninsured patients obtaining medical coverage through the health insurance exchanges and medicaid expansion programs.
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
at december 31, 2015, we owned and operated 43 hospitals and 33 surgery centers in the state of florida. our florida facilities’ revenues totaled $9.059 billion, $8.336 billion and $7.551 billion for the years ended december
31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. at december 31, 2015, we owned and operated 38 hospitals and 25 surgery centers in the state of texas. our texas facilities’ revenues totaled $9.517 billion, $8.706 billion and $8.192
billion for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. during 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively, 56%, 56% and 55% of our admissions and 47%, 46% and 46% of our revenues were generated by our florida and texas facilities. uninsured admissions in florida and texas represented 68%, 66% and 62% of our uninsured admissions during 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
for medicare & medicaid services (“cms”) approved a medicaid waiver that allows texas to continue receiving supplemental medicaid reimbursement while expanding its medicaid managed care program. although texas currently operates its medicaid waiver program pursuant to this waiver, the current waiver expires on september 30, 2016.
texas has submitted an application to extend its waiver program, but cms has not issued a decision on the extension request. we cannot predict whether the texas medicaid waiver program will be extended, be revised or that revenues recognized from the program will not decline.
the texas waiver program includes two primary components: an indigent care component and a delivery system reform incentive payment (“dsrip”) component. initiatives under the dsrip program are designed to provide incentive payments to hospitals and other providers for their investments in delivery system reforms that increase access to health care, improve the quality of care and enhance the health of patients and families they serve. we provide indigent care services in several communities in the state of texas, in affiliation with other hospitals. the state of texas has been involved in efforts to increase the indigent care provided by private hospitals. as a result of additional indigent care being provided by private hospitals, public hospital districts or counties in texas have available funds that were previously devoted to indigent care. the public hospital districts or counties are under no contractual or legal obligation to provide such indigent care. the public hospital districts or counties have elected to transfer some portion of these available funds to the state’s medicaid program. such action is at the sole discretion of the public hospital districts or counties. it is anticipated that these contributions to the state will be matched with federal medicaid funds. the state then may make supplemental payments to hospitals in the state for medicaid services rendered. hospitals receiving medicaid supplemental payments may include those that are providing additional indigent care services. our texas medicaid revenues included $347 million ($95 million dsrip related and $252 million indigent care related), $488 million ($97 million dsrip related and $391 million indigent care related) and $393 million ($76 million dsrip related and $317 million indigent care related) during
(“thhsc”) issued a notice to hospitals participating in the texas medicaid waiver program indicating that a review conducted by cms identified certain local government/hospital affiliations it believed may be inconsistent with the waiver. in addition, cms notified thhsc that it would defer the federal portion of the medicaid payments associated with the affiliations while it completes the review, a measure that has since been lifted. during the fourth quarter of 2014, due to the updated information and the receipt of a program payment during december, we reversed the $68 million reduction to medicaid revenues recorded in the third quarter of 2014.
in addition, we receive supplemental payments in several other states. we are aware these supplemental payment programs are currently being reviewed by certain state agencies and some states have made waiver requests to cms to replace their existing supplemental payment programs. it is possible these reviews and waiver requests will result in the restructuring of such supplemental payment programs and could result in the payment programs being reduced or eliminated. because deliberations about these programs are ongoing, we are unable to estimate the financial impact the program structure modifications, if any, may have on our results of operations.
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
electronic health record incentive payments the american recovery and reinvestment act of 2009 provides for medicare and medicaid incentive payments, beginning in 2011, for eligible hospitals and professionals that adopt and meaningfully use certified electronic health record (“ehr”) technology. we recognize income related to medicare and medicaid incentive payments using a gain contingency model that is based upon when our eligible hospitals have demonstrated meaningful use of certified ehr technology for the applicable period and the cost report information for the full cost report year that will determine the final calculation of the incentive payment is available.
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
salaries and benefits             18,115        45.7          16,641        45.1          15,646        45.8
income equity in earnings of                (46  )     (0.1  )          (43  )     (0.1  )          (29  )     (0.1  )
facilities losses on retirement of              135         0.3             335         0.9              17         0.1
admission same facility % changes from prior year(c):
(a)  represents the total number of patients admitted to our hospitals and is used by management and certain investors as a general measure of inpatient volume.
same facility information excludes the operations of hospitals and their related facilities that were
(c)  either acquired, divested or removed from service during the current and prior year.
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
2014. financial results for 2015 include losses on retirement of debt of $135 million, or $0.20 per diluted share, legal claim costs of $249 million, or $0.37 per diluted share, and net losses on sales of facilities of $5 million.
financial results for the year ended december 31, 2014 include net gains on sales of facilities of $29 million, or
during 2015, consolidated admissions increased 4.1% and same facility admissions increased 3.4% compared to 2014.
consolidated and same facility inpatient surgeries each increased 2.1% during 2015 compared to 2014. consolidated outpatient surgeries increased 2.0%, and same facility outpatient surgeries increased 1.6% during 2015 compared to
2014. emergency room visits increased 8.0% on a consolidated basis and increased 7.0% on a same facility basis during 2015 compared to 2014.
2015. the provision for doubtful accounts and the allowance for doubtful accounts relate primarily to uninsured amounts due directly from patients, including copayment and deductible amounts for patients who have health care coverage. the self-pay revenue deductions for charity care and uninsured discounts declined $93 million and increased $1.693 billion, respectively, during 2015 compared to 2014. the sum of the provision for doubtful accounts, uninsured discounts and charity care, as a percentage of the sum of revenues, the provision for doubtful accounts, uninsured discounts and charity care, was 31.5% for 2015 compared to 30.2% for 2014. at december 31,
2015, our allowance for doubtful accounts represented approximately 94.5% of the $5.636 billion total patient due accounts receivable balance, including accounts, net of estimated contractual discounts, related to patients for which eligibility for medicaid coverage or uninsured discounts was being evaluated.
revenues increased 7.5% to $39.678 billion for 2015 from $36.918 billion for 2014. the increase in revenues was due primarily to the combined impact of a 1.8% increase in revenue per equivalent admission and a 5.5% increase in equivalent admissions compared to 2014. same facility revenues increased 6.4% due primarily to the combined impact of a 1.7% increase in same facility revenue per equivalent admission and a 4.6% increase in same facility equivalent admissions compared to 2014. we recorded $142 million of medicaid revenues during the second quarter of
2014 related to the receipt of reimbursements in excess of our estimates for the indigent care component of the texas medicaid waiver program for the program year ended september 30, 2013. we recorded $94 million of medicare revenues during the third quarter of 2014 as the settlement amount for certain claims denied by recovery audit contractor (“rac”) entities conducting reviews on behalf of cms and pending in the appeals process. cms offered an administrative agreement to providers willing to withdraw their pending appeals in exchange for a timely partial payment (generally, 68% of the claim amount, subject to certain adjustments), which we accepted during 2014. all revenue amounts and revenue-related statistics for the year ended december 31, 2014 include the impact of these two items that resulted in increases to revenues.
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
salaries and benefits, as a percentage of revenues, were 45.7% in 2015 and 45.1% in 2014. salaries and benefits per equivalent admission increased 3.1% in 2015 compared to 2014. same facility labor rate increases averaged 2.8% for
supplies, as a percentage of revenues, were 16.7% in 2015 and 17.0% in 2014. supply costs per equivalent admission increased 0.4% in 2015 compared to 2014. supply costs per equivalent admission increased 1.0% for medical devices and 4.0% for pharmacy supplies and declined 1.0% for general medical and surgical items in 2015 compared to 2014.
other operating expenses, as a percentage of revenues, was 17.9% in 2015 and 18.2% in 2014. other operating expenses are primarily comprised of contract services, professional fees, repairs and maintenance, rents and leases, utilities, insurance (including professional liability insurance) and nonincome taxes. provisions for losses related to professional liability risks were $344 million and $395 million for 2015 and 2014, respectively, and the expense decline in 2015 was primarily due to favorable development related to prior years’ claims.
equity in earnings of affiliates was $46 million for 2015 and $43 million for 2014.
net losses on sales of facilities were $5 million for 2015 and related to sales of real estate and other investments. net gains on sales of facilities were $29 million for 2014 and related to the sale of a hospital facility and sales of real estate and other investments.
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
we recorded $120 million of legal claim costs during 2015 to settle a securities class action lawsuit and related derivative actions. we also recorded $129 million of legal claim costs during 2015 related to the health midwest litigation for additional court-awarded interest costs. we recorded $78 million of legal claim costs during 2014
related to the health midwest litigation.
the effective tax rate was 37.2% for both 2015 and 2014. the effective tax rate computations exclude net income attributable to noncontrolling interests as it relates to consolidated partnerships.
the increase in net income attributable to noncontrolling interests related primarily to joint ventures in our united kingdom market, a texas market and an oklahoma market.
2013. financial results for 2014 include net gains on sales of facilities of $29 million, or $0.04 per diluted share, losses on retirement of debt of $335 million, or $0.47 per diluted share, and legal claim costs of $78
million, or $0.11 per diluted share. financial results for 2013 include net losses on sales of facilities of $10
during 2014, consolidated admissions increased 2.9% and same facility admissions increased 2.1% compared to 2013.
consolidated inpatient surgeries increased 2.0%, and same facility inpatient surgeries increased 1.3% during 2014
compared to 2013. consolidated outpatient surgeries increased 1.1%, and same facility outpatient surgeries declined
0.1% during 2014 compared to 2013. emergency room visits increased 6.9% on a consolidated basis and increased 5.8%
on a same facility basis during 2014 compared to 2013.
2014. the provision for doubtful accounts and the allowance for doubtful accounts relate primarily to uninsured amounts due directly from patients, including copayment and deductible amounts for patients who have health care coverage. the self-pay revenue deductions for charity care and uninsured discounts increased $278 million and $789
million, respectively, during 2014 compared to 2013. the sum of the provision for doubtful accounts, uninsured discounts and charity care, as a percentage of the sum of revenues, the provision for doubtful accounts, uninsured discounts and charity care, was 30.2% for 2014 compared to 31.3% for 2013. at december 31, 2014, our allowance for doubtful accounts represented approximately 91.4% of the $5.482 billion total patient due accounts receivable balance, including accounts, net of estimated contractual discounts, related to patients for which eligibility for medicaid coverage or uninsured discounts was being evaluated.
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
4.0% increase in equivalent admissions compared to 2013. same facility revenues increased 6.9% due primarily to the combined impact of a 3.9% increase in same facility revenue per equivalent admission and a 2.9% increase in same facility equivalent admissions compared to 2013. we recorded $142 million of medicaid revenues during the second quarter of 2014 related to the receipt of reimbursements in excess of our estimates for the indigent care component of the texas medicaid waiver program for the program year ended september 30, 2013. we recorded $94 million of medicare revenues during the third quarter of 2014 as the estimated settlement amount for certain claims denied by recovery audit contractor (“rac”) entities conducting reviews on behalf of cms and pending in the appeals process.
cms offered an administrative agreement to providers willing to withdraw their pending appeals in exchange for a timely partial payment (generally, 68% of the claim amount, subject to certain adjustments), which we accepted during 2014. all revenue amounts and revenue-related statistics for the year ended december 31, 2014 include the impact of these two items that resulted in increases to revenues.
salaries and benefits, as a percentage of revenues, were 45.1% in 2014 and 45.8% in 2013. salaries and benefits per equivalent admission increased 2.3% in 2014 compared to 2013. same facility labor rate increases averaged 2.3% for
2.7% for pharmacy supplies and 0.4% for general medical and surgical items in 2014 compared to 2013.
other operating expenses, as a percentage of revenues, was 18.2% in both 2014 and 2013. other operating expenses are primarily comprised of contract services, professional fees, repairs and maintenance, rents and leases, utilities, insurance (including professional liability insurance) and nonincome taxes. provisions for losses related to professional liability risks were $395 million and $314 million for 2014 and 2013, respectively.
incentive programs. we recognize income related to medicare and medicaid incentive payments using a gain contingency model that is based upon when our eligible hospitals have demonstrated meaningful use of certified ehr technology for the applicable period and the cost report information for the full cost report year that will determine the final calculation of the incentive payment is available.
equity in earnings of affiliates increased from $29 million for 2013 to $43 million for 2014.
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
net gains on sales of facilities were $29 million for 2014 and related to the sale of a hospital facility and sales of real estate and other investments. net losses on sales of facilities were $10 million for 2013 and related to the sale of a hospital facility and sales of real estate and other investments.
we recorded $78 million of legal claim costs during 2014 to increase the estimate of our legal liability with respect to a previously disclosed lawsuit alleging we did not make the full level of capital expenditures and uncompensated care agreed to in connection with the purchase of the hospitals from health midwest in 2003.
the effective tax rate was 37.2% and 37.9% for 2014 and 2013, respectively. the effective tax rate computations exclude net income attributable to noncontrolling interests as it relates to consolidated partnerships.
the increase in net income attributable to noncontrolling interests related primarily to growth in operating results of hospital joint ventures in two of our texas markets and our group purchasing organization.
liquidity and capital resources our primary cash requirements are paying our operating expenses, servicing our debt, capital expenditures on our existing properties, acquisitions of hospitals and other health care entities, repurchases of our common stock, distributions to stockholders and distributions to noncontrolling interests. our primary cash sources are cash flows from operating activities, issuances of debt and equity securities and dispositions of hospitals and other health care entities.
cash provided by operating activities totaled $4.734 billion in 2015 compared to $4.448 billion in 2014 and $3.680
billion in 2013. working capital totaled $3.716 billion at december 31, 2015 and $3.450 billion at december 31,
2014. the $286 million increase in cash provided by operating activities for 2015, compared to 2014, was primarily related to the net impact of an increase in net income of $323 million and net negative changes in working capital items of $59 million. the $768 million increase in cash provided by operating activities for 2014, compared to
2013, was primarily related to the net impact of an increase in net income of $377 million, net positive changes in working capital items of $150 million, a net benefit of $357 million related to gains (losses) on sales of facilities, losses on retirement of debt and legal claim costs, and a negative impact of $226 million related to income taxes. cash payments for interest and income taxes increased $21 million for 2015 compared to 2014 and increased $289 million for 2014 compared to 2013.
cash used in investing activities was $2.583 billion, $2.918 billion and $2.346 billion in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. excluding acquisitions, capital expenditures were $2.375 billion in 2015, $2.176 billion in 2014 and
$1.943 billion in 2013. we expended $351 million, $766 million and $481 million for acquisitions of
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
liquidity and capital resources (continued)
hospitals and health care entities during 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. planned capital expenditures are expected to approximate $2.7 billion in 2016. at december 31, 2015, there were projects under construction which had an estimated additional cost to complete and equip over the next five years of approximately $2.1 billion. we expect to finance capital expenditures with internally generated and borrowed funds.
during 2015, we received cash of $73 million from sales of a hospital, real estate and other investments. we also received net cash proceeds of $63 million related to net changes in our investments. during 2014, we received cash of $51 million from sales of a hospital, real estate and other investments. we also expended cash of $37 million related to net changes in our investments. during 2013, we received cash of $33 million from sales of a hospital, real estate and other investments. we also received net cash proceeds of $36 million related to net changes in our investments.
cash used in financing activities totaled $1.976 billion in 2015, $1.378 billion in 2014 and $1.625 billion in
2014 and 2013, we received income tax benefits of $235 million, $134 million and $113 million, respectively, for certain items (primarily exercises of stock options) that were deductible expenses for tax purposes, but were recognized as adjustments to stockholders’ deficit for financial reporting purposes. we, or our affiliates, may in the future repurchase portions of our debt or equity securities, subject to certain limitations, from time to time in either the open market or through privately negotiated transactions, in accordance with applicable sec and other legal requirements. the timing, prices, and sizes of purchases depend upon prevailing trading prices, general economic and market conditions, and other factors, including applicable securities laws. at december 31, 2015,
$2.603 billion of share repurchase authorization remained available under the $3.000 billion share repurchase program authorized by our board of directors during october 2015. funds for the repurchase of debt or equity securities have, and are expected to, come primarily from cash generated from operations and borrowed funds.
in addition to cash flows from operations, available sources of capital include amounts available under our senior secured credit facilities ($2.179 billion as of december 31, 2015 and $2.299 billion as of january 31, 2016) and anticipated access to public and private debt and equity markets.
investments of our professional liability insurance subsidiaries, to maintain statutory equity and pay claims, totaled $482 million and $558 million at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. the insurance subsidiary maintained net reserves for professional liability risks of $261 million and $347 million at december 31, 2015 and
2014, respectively. our facilities are insured by our 100% owned insurance subsidiary for losses up to $50 million per occurrence; however, this coverage is subject to a $15 million per occurrence self-insured retention. net reserves for the self-insured professional liability risks retained were $1.160 billion and $1.035 billion at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. claims payments, net of reinsurance recoveries, during the next 12 months are expected to approximate $334 million. we estimate that approximately $284 million of the expected net claim payments during the next 12 months will relate to claims subject to the self-insured retention.
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
liquidity and capital resources (continued)
financing activities we are a highly leveraged company with significant debt service requirements. our debt totaled $30.488 billion and
5.00% senior secured notes due 2024 and repaid at maturity all $500 million aggregate principal amount of our outstanding 5.75% senior unsecured notes. during april 2014, we used proceeds from the march 2014 debt issuance to redeem all $1.500 billion aggregate principal amount of our outstanding 81/2% senior secured notes due 2019 and all
during january 2015, we issued $1.000 billion aggregate principal amount of 5.375% senior notes due 2025. we used a portion of the net proceeds to repay at maturity our $750 million aggregate principal amount of 6.375% senior notes due 2015.
during june 2015, we entered into a joinder agreement to retire certain of our existing senior secured term loans using proceeds from a new $1.400 billion senior secured term loan credit facility maturing on june 10, 2020. the pretax loss on retirement of debt was $3 million.
management believes that cash flows from operations, amounts available under our senior secured credit facilities and our anticipated access to public and private debt markets will be sufficient to meet expected liquidity needs during the next twelve months.
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements as of december 31, 2015, maturities of contractual obligations and other commercial commitments are presented in the table below (dollars in millions):
senior secured credit facilities(b)
loans outstanding under the senior secured credit                          9,404           450           4,704           4,250                    —
facilities, including interest(b)
professional liability                               1,465           350             552             305                 258
obligations commitment expiration by period other commercial commitments not recorded on the                         total       current       2-3 years       4-5 years       after 5 years consolidated balance sheet surety bonds(e)       $                    33    $       26    $          6    $          1    $               —
credit(f)
commitments(g)
commitments we have not included obligations related to unrecognized tax benefits of $554 million at december 31,
the estimation of the timing of payments for professional liability claims beyond a year can vary
(c)  significantly. the time period required to resolve these claims can vary depending upon the jurisdiction and whether the claim is settled or litigated.
(d)  not recorded in our consolidated balance sheet. amounts also include physician commitments that are recorded in our consolidated balance sheet.
(e)  workers’ compensation claims, utility and construction deposits and damages for malpractice cases which were awarded to plaintiffs by the courts. these cases are currently under appeal and the bonds will not be released by the courts until the cases are closed.
(f)  amounts relate primarily to various insurance programs for which we have letters of credit outstanding.
in consideration for physicians relocating to the communities in which our hospitals are located and agreeing to engage in private practice for the benefit of the respective communities, we make advances to physicians, normally over a period of one year, to assist in establishing the physicians’ practices. the actual amount of these commitments to be advanced often depends upon the financial results of the physicians’ private practice during the recruitment agreement payment period. the physician commitments
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
market risk we are exposed to market risk related to changes in market values of securities. the investments in debt and equity securities of our 100% owned insurance subsidiaries were $478 million and $4 million, respectively, at december 31,
2015. these investments are carried at fair value, with changes in unrealized gains and losses being recorded as adjustments to other comprehensive income. at december 31, 2015, we had a net unrealized gain of $20 million on the insurance subsidiaries’ investment securities.
we are exposed to market risk related to market illiquidity. investments in debt and equity securities of our 100%
owned insurance subsidiaries could be impaired by the inability to access the capital markets. should the 100%
owned insurance subsidiaries require significant amounts of cash in excess of normal cash requirements to pay claims and other expenses on short notice, we may have difficulty selling these investments in a timely manner or be forced to sell them at a price less than what we might otherwise have been able to in a normal market environment. we may be required to recognize other-than-temporary impairments on our investment securities in future periods should issuers default on interest payments or should the fair market valuations of the securities deteriorate due to ratings downgrades or other issue-specific factors.
we are also exposed to market risk related to changes in interest rates, and we periodically enter into interest rate swap agreements to manage our exposure to these fluctuations. our interest rate swap agreements involve the exchange of fixed and variable rate interest payments between two parties, based on common notional principal amounts and maturity dates. the notional amounts of the swap agreements represent balances used to calculate the exchange of cash flows and are not our assets or liabilities. our credit risk related to these agreements is considered low because the swap agreements are with creditworthy financial institutions. the interest payments under these agreements are settled on a net basis. these derivatives have been recognized in the financial statements at their respective fair values. changes in the fair value of these derivatives, which are designated as cash flow hedges, are included in other comprehensive income.
with respect to our interest-bearing liabilities, approximately $4.671 billion of long-term debt at december 31,
2015 was subject to variable rates of interest, while the remaining balance in long-term debt of $25.817 billion at december 31, 2015 was subject to fixed rates of interest. both the general level of interest rates and, for the senior secured credit facilities, our leverage affect our variable interest rates. our variable debt is comprised primarily of amounts outstanding under the senior secured credit facilities. borrowings under the senior secured credit facilities bear interest at a rate equal to an applicable margin plus, at our option, either (a) a base rate determined by reference to the higher of (1) the federal funds rate plus 0.50% and (2) the prime rate of bank of america or (b) a libor rate for the currency of such borrowing for the relevant interest period. the applicable margin for borrowings under the senior secured credit facilities may fluctuate according to a leverage ratio. the average effective interest rate for our long-term debt declined from 6.1% for 2014 to 5.6% for 2015.
the estimated fair value of our total long-term debt was $31.411 billion at december 31, 2015. the estimates of fair value are based upon the quoted market prices for the same or similar issues of long-term debt with the same maturities. based on a hypothetical 1% increase in interest rates, the potential annualized reduction to future pretax earnings would be approximately $47 million. to mitigate the impact of fluctuations in interest rates, we generally target a portion of our debt portfolio to be maintained at fixed rates.
our international operations and the related market risks associated with foreign currencies are currently insignificant to our results of operations and financial position.
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
financial instruments derivative financial instruments are employed to manage risks, including interest rate exposures, and are not used for trading or speculative purposes. we recognize derivative instruments, such as interest rate swap agreements, in the consolidated balance sheets at fair value. changes in the fair value of derivatives are recognized periodically either in earnings or in stockholders’ equity, as a component of other comprehensive income, depending on whether the derivative financial instrument qualifies for hedge accounting, and if so, whether it qualifies as a fair value hedge or a cash flow hedge. gains and losses on derivatives designated as cash flow hedges, to the extent they are effective, are recorded in other comprehensive income, and subsequently reclassified to earnings to offset the impact of the hedged items when they occur.
effects of inflation and changing prices various federal, state and local laws have been enacted that, in certain cases, limit our ability to increase prices. revenues for general, acute care hospital services rendered to medicare patients are established under the federal government’s prospective payment system. total fee-for-service medicare revenues were 21.8%, 22.6% and
management believes hospital industry operating margins have been, and may continue to be, under significant pressure because of changes in payer and service mix and growth in operating expenses in excess of the increase in prospective payments under the medicare program. in addition, as a result of increasing regulatory and competitive pressures, our ability to maintain operating margins through price increases to non-medicare patients is limited.
tax examinations the irs examination division began an audit of hca holdings, inc.’s 2011 and 2012 federal income tax returns during
2014. we are also subject to examination by state and foreign taxing authorities.
management believes hca holdings, inc., its predecessors and affiliates properly reported taxable income and paid taxes in accordance with applicable laws and agreements established with the irs, state and foreign taxing authorities and final resolution of any disputes will not have a material, adverse effect on our results of operations or financial position. however, if payments due upon final resolution of any issues exceed our recorded estimates, such resolutions could have a material, adverse effect on our results of operations or financial position.
item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk information with respect to this item is provided under the caption “market risk” under item 7, “management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.”
item 8. financial statements and supplementary data information with respect to this item is contained in our consolidated financial statements indicated in the index to consolidated financial statements on page f-1 of this annual report on form 10-k.
item 9. changes in and disagreements with accountants on accounting and financial disclosure none.
item 9a. controls and procedures
1. conclusion regarding the effectiveness of disclosure controls and procedures under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined under rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended (the “exchange act”). based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this annual report.
(a) management’s report on internal control over financial reporting our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in exchange act rule 13a-15(f). because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. therefore, even those systems determined to be effective, can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation.
under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in internal control — integrated framework issued by the committee of sponsoring organizations of the treadway commission (2013 framework). based on our assessment under the framework in internal control — integrated framework, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of december 31, 2015.
ernst & young, llp, the independent registered public accounting firm that audited our consolidated financial statements included in this form 10-k, has issued a report on our internal control over financial reporting, which is included herein.
we have audited hca holdings, inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2015, based on criteria established in internal control — integrated framework issued by the committee of sponsoring organizations of the treadway commission (2013 framework) (the “coso criteria”). hca holdings, inc.’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying management’s report on internal control over financial reporting. our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.
we conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the public company accounting oversight board (united states). those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. we believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
a company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. a company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
in our opinion, hca holdings, inc. maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2015, based on the coso criteria.
we also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the public company accounting oversight board (united states), the consolidated balance sheets of hca holdings, inc. as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders’ deficit, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2015 and our report dated february 26, 2016 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.
item 9b. other information none.
part iii item 10. directors, executive officers and corporate governance the information required by this item regarding the identity and business experience of our directors and executive officers is set forth under the heading “election of directors” in the definitive proxy materials of hca to be filed in connection with our 2016 annual meeting of stockholders with respect to our directors and is set forth in item 1 of part i of this annual report on form 10-k with respect to our executive officers. the information required by this item contained in such definitive proxy materials is incorporated herein by reference.
information on the beneficial ownership reporting for our directors and executive officers required by this item is contained under the caption “section 16(a) beneficial ownership reporting compliance” in the definitive proxy materials to be filed in connection with our 2016 annual meeting of stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference.
information on our audit and compliance committee and audit committee financial experts required by this item is contained under the caption “corporate governance” in the definitive proxy materials to be filed in connection with our 2016 annual meeting of stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference.
the code of conduct is available on the ethics and compliance and corporate governance pages of our website at www.hcahealthcare.com. to the extent required pursuant to applicable sec regulations, we intend to post amendments to or waivers from our code of conduct (to the extent applicable to our chief executive officer, principal financial officer or principal accounting officer) at this location on our website or report the same on a current report on form 8-k. our code of conduct is available free of charge upon request to our corporate secretary, hca holdings, inc., one park plaza, nashville, tn 37203.
item 11. executive compensation the information required by this item is set forth under the headings “executive compensation” and “compensation committee interlocks and insider participation” in the definitive proxy materials to be filed in connection with our 2016 annual meeting of stockholders, which information is incorporated herein by reference.
item 12. security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management and related stockholder matters information about security ownership of certain beneficial owners required by this item is set forth under the heading “security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management and related stockholder matters” in the definitive proxy materials to be filed in connection with our 2016 annual meeting of stockholders, which information is incorporated herein by reference.
this table provides certain information as of december 31, 2015 with respect to our equity compensation plans:
equity compensation plan information
number of securities remaining
(a)                           (b)             available for future number of securities              weighted-average                         issuance to be issued                exercise price                     under equity upon exercise                            of                     compensation of                   outstanding                 plans (excluding outstanding options,                      options,                       securities warrants and rights           warrants and rights         reflected in column(a) )
equity compensation plans approved by                     31,004,900  -1    $                27.73  -1                   36,198,700
security holders equity compensation plans not approved                              —                              —                                 —
by security holders total                                 31,004,900        $                27.73                       36,198,700
includes 5,301,700 restricted share units which vest solely based upon continued employment over a specific period of time and 1,740,100 restricted share units and
(1)  1,371,300 performance share units which vest based upon continued employment over a specific period of time and the achievement of predetermined financial targets over time. the weighted average exercise price does not take these restricted share units and performance share units into account.
for additional information concerning our equity compensation plans, see the discussion in note 2 —
item 13. certain relationships and related transactions, and director independence the information required by this item is set forth under the headings “certain relationships and related party transactions” and “corporate governance” in the definitive proxy materials to be filed in connection with our 2016
item 14. principal accountant fees and services the information required by this item is set forth under the heading “ratification of appointment of independent registered public accounting firm” in the definitive proxy materials to be filed in connection with our 2016 annual meeting of stockholders, which information is incorporated herein by reference.
part iv item 15. exhibits and financial statement schedules
1. financial statements.the accompanying index to consolidated financial statements on page f-1 of this annual report on form 10-k is provided in response to this item.
2. list of financial statement schedules.all schedules are omitted because the required information is either not present, not present in material amounts or presented within the consolidated financial statements.
3. list of exhibits agreement and plan of merger, dated july 24, 2006, by and among hca inc., hercules holding ii,
2.1            llc and hercules acquisition corporation (filed as exhibit 2.1 to the company’s current report on form 8-k filed july 25, 2006 (file no. 001-11239), and incorporated herein by reference).
2.2            merger sub llc (filed as exhibit 2.1 to the company’s current report on form 8-k filed november 24, 2010 (file no. 000-18406), and incorporated herein by reference).
amended and restated certificate of incorporation of the company (filed as exhibit 3.1 to the
amended and restated bylaws of the company (filed as exhibit 3.1 to the company’s current report
4.1            (filed as exhibit 4.1 to the company’s registration statement on form s-1 (file no. 333-171369), and incorporated herein by reference).
security agreement, dated as of november 17, 2006, among hca inc., the subsidiary grantors party
(filed as exhibit 4.2 to the company’s current report on form 8-k filed november 24, 2006 (file no. 001-11239), and incorporated herein by reference).
(filed as exhibit 4.3 to the company’s current report on form 8-k filed november 24, 2006 (file no. 001-11239), and incorporated herein by reference).
$13,550,000,000 — €1,000,000,000 credit agreement, dated as of november 17, 2006, among hca inc., hca uk capital limited, the lending institutions from time to time parties thereto, banc of america securities llc, j.p. morgan securities inc., citigroup global markets inc. and merrill lynch, pierce, fenner & smith
4.4  -a        incorporated, as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners, bank of america, n.a., as administrative agent, jpmorgan chase bank, n.a. and citicorp north america, inc., as co-syndication agents and merrill lynch capital corporation, as documentation agent (filed as exhibit 4.8 to the company’s current report on form 8-k filed november 24, 2006 (file no. 001-11239), and incorporated herein by reference).
amendment no. 1 to the credit agreement, dated as of february 16, 2007, among hca inc., hca uk capital limited, the lending institutions from time to time parties thereto, bank of america, n.a., as administrative agent, jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., and citicorp north america, inc., as co-syndication agents, banc of america securities,
4.4  -b        llc, j.p. morgan securities inc., citigroup global markets inc. and merrill lynch, pierce, fenner & smith incorporated, as joint lead arrangers and bookrunners, deutsche bank securities and wachovia capital markets llc, as joint bookrunners and merrill lynch capital corporation, as documentation agent (filed as exhibit 4.7(b) to the company’s annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2006 (file no. 001-11239), and incorporated herein by reference).
amendment no. 2 to the credit agreement, dated as of march 2, 2009, among hca inc., hca uk capital limited, the lending institutions from time to time parties thereto, bank of america, n.a., as administrative agent, jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., and citicorp north america, inc., as co-syndication agents, banc of america securities, llc,
4.4  -c        j.p. morgan securities inc., citigroup global markets inc. and merrill lynch, pierce, fenner & smith incorporated, as joint lead arrangers and bookrunners, deutsche bank securities and wachovia capital markets llc, as joint bookrunners and merrill lynch capital corporation, as documentation agent (filed as exhibit 4.8(c) to the company’s annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2008 (file no. 001-11239), and incorporated herein by reference).
amendment no. 3 to the credit agreement, dated as of june 18, 2009, among hca inc., hca uk capital limited, the lending institutions from time to time parties thereto, bank of america, n.a., as administrative agent, jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., and citicorp north america, inc., as co-syndication agents, banc of america securities, llc,
4.4  -d        j.p. morgan securities inc., citigroup global markets inc. and merrill lynch, pierce, fenner & smith incorporated, as joint lead arrangers and bookrunners, deutsche bank securities and wachovia capital markets llc, as joint bookrunners and merrill lynch capital corporation, as documentation agent (filed as exhibit 4.1 to the company’s current report on form 8-k filed june 22, 2009 (file no. 001-11239), and incorporated herein by reference).
extension amendment no. 1 to the credit agreement, dated as of april 6, 2010, among hca inc., hca uk capital limited, the lending institutions from
4.4  -e        time to time parties thereto, bank of america, n.a., as administrative agent and collateral agent (filed as exhibit 10.1 to the company’s current report on form 8-k filed april 8, 2010
amended and restated joinder agreement no. 1, dated as of november 8, 2010, by and among each of the financial institutions listed as a
“replacement-1 revolving credit lender” on schedule a thereto, hca inc., bank of america, n.a., as
4.4  -f        administrative agent and as collateral agent, and the other parties listed on the signature pages thereto (filed as exhibit 4.1 to the company’s quarterly report on form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2010 (file no.
restatement agreement, dated as of may 4, 2011, by and among hca inc., hca uk capital limited, the lenders party thereto and bank of america, n.a., as administrative agent and collateral agent to the credit agreement, dated as of november 17,
8, 2010 (filed as exhibit 10.1 to the company’s current report on form 8-k filed may 9, 2011, and incorporated herein by reference).
extension amendment no. 1, dated as of april 25, 2012, by and among hca inc., hca uk capital limited, each of the u.s. guarantors, each of the european guarantors, the lenders party thereto and bank of america, n.a., as administrative agent, swingline lender and letter of credit issuer (filed as exhibit 10.1 to the company’s current report on form 8-k filed april 26, 2012, and incorporated herein by reference).
4.4  (h)        lenders party thereto (filed as exhibit 4.1 to the company’s current report on form 8-k filed
4.4  -j         america, n. a., as administrative agent and collateral agent and the lenders party thereto (filed as exhibit 4.1 to the company’s current report on form 8-k filed may 9, 2013, and incorporated herein by reference).
4.4  -k         america, n. a., as administrative agent and collateral agent and the lenders party thereto (filed as exhibit 4.1 to the company’s current report on form 8-k filed may 28, 2013, and incorporated herein by reference).
restatement agreement, dated as of february 26, 2014, to (i) the credit agreement, dated as of november 17, 2006 and as amended and restated as of may 4,
2011, by and among the hca inc., hca uk capital limited, the lenders party thereto and bank of
4.4  -l         america, n.a., as administrative agent and collateral agent and (ii) the u.s. guarantee, dated as of november 17, 2006 by and among the guarantors party thereto and bank of america, n.a., as administrative agent (filed as exhibit 4.1 to the company’s current report on form 8-k filed february 28, 2014, and incorporated herein by reference).
4.4  -m         agent and collateral agent, and the lenders party thereto (filed as exhibit 4.1 to the company’s current report on form 8-k filed june 15, 2015, and incorporated herein by reference).
security agreement, dated as november 17, 2006, and amended and restated as of march 2, 2009, among the company, the subsidiary grantors named
4.5             therein and bank of america, n.a., as collateral agent (filed as exhibit 4.10 to the company’s annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2008 (file no. 001-11239), and incorporated herein by reference).
4.6             therein and bank of america, n.a., as collateral agent (filed as exhibit 4.11 to the company’s annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2008 (file no. 001-11239), and incorporated herein by reference).
$2,500,000,000 credit agreement, dated as of september 30, 2011, by and among hca inc., the subsidiary borrowers party thereto, the lenders from time to time
4.7  -a         party thereto and bank of america, n.a., as administrative agent (filed as exhibit 4.4 to the company’s current report on form 8-k filed october 3, 2011, and incorporated herein by reference).
restatement agreement, dated as of march 7, 2014, to the credit agreement, dated as of september 30, 2011, by and among hca inc., the subsidiary borrowers
4.7  -b         party thereto, the lenders party thereto and bank of america, n.a. as administrative agent and collateral agent (filed as exhibit 4.1 to the company’s current report on form 8-k filed march
joinder agreement and amendment no. 1, dated as of october 30, 2014, to the credit agreement, dated as of september 30, 2011 and amended and restated as of march 7, 2014, by and among hca inc., the subsidiary borrowers party thereto, the lenders party thereto and bank of america, n.a. as administrative agent and collateral agent. (filed as exhibit 4.1 to the company’s current report on form 8-k filed october 31, 2014, and incorporated herein by reference).
security agreement, dated as of september 30, 2011, by and among hca inc., the subsidiary borrowers party thereto and bank of america, n.a., as collateral
4.7                agent (filed as exhibit 4.5 to the company’s current report on form 8-k filed october 3,
general intercreditor agreement, dated as of november 17, 2006, between bank of america,
4.9(a)             n.a., as first lien collateral agent, and the bank of new york, as junior lien collateral agent (filed as exhibit 4.13(a) to the company’s registration statement on form s-4 (file no. 333-145054), and incorporated herein by reference).
receivables intercreditor agreement, dated as of november 17, 2006, among bank of america, n.a., as abl collateral agent, bank of america, n.a., as cf
4.9(b)             collateral agent and the bank of new york, as bonds collateral agent (filed as exhibit
additional general intercreditor agreement, dated as of august 1, 2011, by and among bank of america, n.a., in its capacity as first lien collateral agent, the bank of new york mellon, in its capacity as junior lien collateral agent and in
4.9(c)             its capacity as trustee for the second lien notes issued on november 17, 2006, and the bank of new york mellon trust company, n.a., in its capacity as trustee for the second lien notes issued on february 19, 2009 (filed as exhibit 4.9 to the company’s current report on form 8-k filed august 1, 2011, and incorporated herein by reference).
additional receivables intercreditor agreement, dated as of august 1, 2011 by and between
4.9(d)             bank of america, n.a., as abl collateral agent, and bank of america, n.a., as new first lien collateral agent (filed as exhibit 4.10 to the company’s current report on form 8-k filed august 1, 2011, and incorporated herein by reference).
additional general intercreditor agreement, dated as of february 16, 2012, by and among bank of america, n.a., in its capacity as first lien collateral agent, the bank of new york mellon, in its capacity as junior lien collateral agent and in its
4.9(e)             capacity as trustee for the second lien notes issued on november 17, 2006, and the bank of new york mellon trust company, n.a., in its capacity as trustee for the second lien notes issued on february 19, 2009 (filed as exhibit 4.9 to the company’s current report on form 8-k filed february 16, 2012, and incorporated herein by reference).
additional receivables intercreditor agreement, dated as of february 16, 2012, by and
4.9(f)             between bank of america, n.a., as abl collateral agent, and bank of america, n.a., as new first lien collateral agent (filed as exhibit 4.10 to the company’s current report on form 8-k filed february 16, 2012, and incorporated herein by reference).
additional general intercreditor agreement, dated as of october 23, 2012, by and among bank of america, n.a., in its capacity as first lien collateral agent, the bank of new york mellon, in its capacity as junior lien collateral agent and in its
4.9(g)             capacity as trustee for the second lien notes issued on november 17, 2006, and the bank of new york mellon trust company, n.a., in its capacity as trustee for the second lien notes issued on february 19, 2009 (filed as exhibit 4.10 to the company’s current report on form 8-k filed october 23, 2012, and incorporated herein by reference).
additional receivables intercreditor agreement, dated as of october 23, 2012, by and between bank of america, n.a., as abl collateral agent, and bank of america, n.a., as new first lien collateral agent (filed as exhibit 4.11 to the company’s current report on form 8-k filed october 23, 2012, and incorporated herein by reference).
4.9(h)         as exhibit 4.4 to the company’s current report on form 8-k filed november 24, 2010 (file no.
registration rights agreement, dated as of march 16, 1989, by and among hca-hospital corporation
4.11           of america and the persons listed on the signature pages thereto (filed as exhibit 4.14 to the company’s registration statement on form s-4 (file no.
assignment and assumption agreement, dated as of february 10, 1994, between hca-hospital
4.12           corporation of america and the company relating to the registration rights agreement, as amended (filed as exhibit 4.15 to the company’s registration statement on form s-4 (file no. 333-145054), and incorporated herein by reference).
4.13(a)        chicago, as trustee (filed as exhibit 4.16(a) to the company’s registration statement on form s-4 (file no. 333-145054), and incorporated herein by reference).
4.13(b)        company, n.a., as trustee (filed as exhibit 4.16(b) to the company’s registration statement on form s-4 (file no. 333-145054), and incorporated herein by reference).
4.13(c)        company, n.a., as trustee (filed as exhibit 4.16(c) to the company’s registration statement on form s-4 (file no. 333-145054), and incorporated herein by reference).
4.13(d)        new york, as trustee (filed as exhibit 4.16(d) to the company’s registration statement on form s-4 (file no. 333-145054), and incorporated herein by reference).
4.13(e)        of new york, as trustee (filed as exhibit 4.1 to the company’s current report on form 8-k filed november 16, 2006 (file no. 001-11239), and incorporated herein by reference).
form of 7.5% debentures due 2023 (filed as exhibit 4.17 to the company’s registration statement
form of 8.36% debenture due 2024 (filed as exhibit 4.18 to the company’s registration statement
form of fixed rate global medium-term note (filed as exhibit 4.19 to the company’s registration
form of floating rate global medium-term note (filed as exhibit 4.20 to the company’s
form of 7.69% note due 2025 (filed as exhibit 4.10 to the company’s annual report on form 10-k
form of 7.50% debenture due 2095 (filed as exhibit 4.23 to the company’s registration statement
form of 7.05% debenture due 2027 (filed as exhibit 4.24 to the company’s registration statement
7.50% note due 2033 in the principal amount of $250,000,000 (filed as exhibit 4.2 to the
6.500% note due 2016 in the principal amount of $500,000,000 (filed as exhibit 4.1 to the
6.500% note due 2016 in the principal amount of $500,000,000 (filed as exhibit 4.2 to the
4.23            agent, and law debenture trust company of new york, as trustee (filed as exhibit 4.1 to the company’s current report on form 8-k filed november 24, 2010 (file no. 000-18406), and incorporated herein by reference).
form of indenture of hca inc. (filed as exhibit 4.2 to the registrant’s registration statement
4.25            deutsche bank trust company americas, as paying agent, registrar and transfer agent (filed as exhibit 4.2 to the company’s current report on form 8-k filed august 1, 2011, and incorporated herein by reference).
4.26            company of new york, as trustee, and deutsche bank trust company americas, as paying agent, registrar and transfer agent (filed as exhibit 4.3 to the company’s current report on form 8-k filed august 1, 2011, and incorporated herein by reference).
4.27            form of 7.50% senior notes due 2022 (included in exhibit 4.25).
4.28            form of 6.50% senior secured notes due 2020 (included in exhibit 4.26).
4.29            deutsche bank trust company americas, as paying agent, registrar and transfer agent (filed as exhibit 4.2 to the company’s current report on form 8-k filed october 3, 2011, and incorporated herein by reference).
4.30            form of 8.00% senior notes due 2018 (included in exhibit 4.29).
4.31            trust company of new york, as trustee, and deutsche bank trust company americas, as paying agent, registrar and transfer agent (filed as exhibit 4.2 to the company’s current report on form 8-k filed february 16, 2012, and incorporated herein by reference).
4.32            form of 5.875% senior secured notes due 2022 (included in exhibit 4.31).
supplemental indenture no. 5, dated as of october 23, 2012, among hca inc., hca holdings, inc., law debenture trust company of new york, as trustee, and deutsche bank trust company americas, as paying agent, registrar and transfer agent (unsecured notes) (filed as exhibit 4.3 to the company’s current report on form 8-k filed october 23, 2012, and incorporated herein by reference).
supplemental indenture no. 6, dated as of october 23, 2012, among hca inc., hca holdings, inc., the subsidiary guarantors named therein, law debenture trust company of new york, as trustee, and deutsche bank trust company americas, as paying agent, registrar and transfer agent (secured notes) (filed as exhibit 4.4 to the company’s current report
4.35        form of 5.875% senior notes due 2023 (included in exhibit 4.33).
4.36        form of 4.75% senior secured notes due 2023 (included in exhibit 4.34).
4.37        new york, as trustee, and deutsche bank trust company americas, as registrar, paying agent and transfer agent (filed as exhibit 4.1 to the company’s current report on form 8-k filed december 6, 2012, and incorporated herein by reference).
4.38        trust company of new york, as trustee, and deutsche bank trust company americas, as registrar, paying agent and transfer agent (filed as exhibit 4.2 to the company’s current report on form 8-k filed december 6, 2012, and incorporated herein by reference).
4.39        form of 6.25% senior notes due 2021 (included in exhibit 4.38).
4.40        company of new york, as trustee, and deutsche bank trust company americas, as paying agent, registrar and transfer agent (filed as exhibit 4.2 to the company’s current report on form 8-k filed march 21, 2014, and incorporated herein by reference).
4.41        company of new york, as trustee, and deutsche bank trust company americas, as paying agent, registrar and transfer agent (filed as exhibit 4.3 to the company’s current report on form 8-k filed march 21, 2014, and incorporated herein by reference).
4.42        form of 3.75% senior secured notes due 2019 (included in exhibit 4.40).
4.43        form of 5.00% senior secured notes due 2024 (included in exhibit 4.41).
additional receivables intercreditor agreement, dated as of march 17, 2014, by and between bank of
4.44        america, n.a., as abl collateral agent, and bank of america, n.a., as new first lien collateral agent (filed as exhibit 4.9 to the company’s current report on form 8-k filed march 21, 2014, and incorporated herein by reference).
4.45        company of new york, as trustee, and deutsche bank trust company americas, as paying agent, registrar and transfer agent (filed as exhibit 4.2 to the company’s current report on form 8-k filed october 17, 2014, and incorporated herein by reference).
supplemental indenture no. 10, dated as of october 17, 2014, among hca inc., hca holdings, inc., the subsidiary guarantors named therein, law debenture trust company of new york, as trustee, and deutsche bank trust company americas, as paying agent, registrar and transfer agent (filed as exhibit 4.3 to the company’s current report on form 8-k filed october 17, 2014, and incorporated herein by
4.47        form of 4.25% senior secured notes due 2019 (included in exhibit 4.45).
4.48        form of 5.25% senior secured notes due 2025 (included in exhibit 4.46).
additional receivables intercreditor agreement, dated as of october 17, 2014, by and between bank
4.49        of america, n.a., as abl collateral agent, and bank of america, n.a., as new first lien collateral agent (filed as exhibit 4.9 to the company’s current report on form 8-k filed october 17, 2014, and incorporated herein by reference).
4.50        deutsche bank trust company americas, as paying agent, registrar and transfer agent (filed as exhibit 4.2 to the company’s current report on form 8-k filed january 16, 2015, and incorporated herein by reference).
4.51        form of 5.375% senior notes due 2025 (included in exhibit 4.50).
4.52        debenture trust company of new york, as trustee, and deutsche bank trust company americas, as paying agent, registrar and transfer agent (filed as exhibit 4.4 to the company’s current report on form 8-k filed may 20, 2015, and incorporated herein by reference).
4.53        deutsche bank trust company americas, as paying agent, registrar and transfer agent (filed as exhibit 4.2 to the company’s current report on form 8-k filed november 13, 2015, and incorporated herein by reference).
4.54        form of 5.875% senior notes due 2026 (included in exhibit 4.53).
4.55        deutsche bank trust company americas, as paying agent, registrar and transfer agent (filed as exhibit 4.4 to the company’s current report on form 8-k filed december 8, 2015, and incorporated herein by reference).
hca-hospital corporation of america nonqualified initial option plan (filed as exhibit 4.6 to the
form of indemnity agreement with certain officers and directors (filed as exhibit 10.3 to the
columbia/hca healthcare corporation 2000 equity incentive plan (filed as exhibit a to the company’s
form of non-qualified stock option award agreement (officers) (filed as exhibit 99.2 to the
hca 2005 equity incentive plan (filed as exhibit b to the company’s proxy statement for the
form of 2005 non-qualified stock option agreement (officers) (filed as exhibit 99.2 to the
form of 2006 non-qualified stock option award agreement (officers) (filed as exhibit 10.2 to the
2006 stock incentive plan for key employees of hca holdings, inc. and its affiliates as amended
10.8(a)        and restated (filed as exhibit 10.11(b) to the company’s registration statement on form s-1 (file no. 333-171369), and incorporated herein by reference).*
first amendment to 2006 stock incentive plan for key employees of hca holdings, inc. and its
10.8(b)        affiliates, as amended and restated (filed as exhibit 10.1 to the company’s quarterly report on form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2011, and incorporated herein by reference).*
10.8(c)        its affiliates, as amended and restated (filed as exhibit 10.1
management stockholder’s agreement dated november 17, 2006 (filed as exhibit 10.12 to the
10.9(b)        exhibit 10.39 to the company’s registration statement on form s-1 (file no. 333-171369), and incorporated herein by reference).
form of option rollover agreement (filed as exhibit 10.14 to the company’s annual report on form
form of stock option agreement (2007) (filed as exhibit 10.15 to the company’s annual report on
form of stock option agreement (2008) (filed as exhibit 10.16 to the company’s annual report on
form of stock option agreement (2009) (filed as exhibit 10.17 to the company’s annual report on
form of stock option agreement (2010) (filed as exhibit 10.20 to the company’s annual report on
form of 2x time stock option agreement (filed as exhibit 10.2 to the company’s quarterly report
form of stock option agreement (2011) (filed as exhibit 10.1 to the company’s quarterly report on form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2011, and incorporated herein by reference).*
form of stock appreciation right award agreement under the 2006 stock incentive plan for key employees of hca holdings, inc. and its affiliates, as amended and restated (filed as exhibit 10.1 to the company’s current report on form 8-k filed february
10.16             key employees of hca holdings, inc. and its affiliates, as
10.17  (a)        amended and restated (filed as exhibit 10.17(b) to the company’s annual report on form 10-k
form of director restricted share unit agreement (initial award) under the 2006 stock
10.18             incentive plan for key employees of hca holdings, inc. and its affiliates, as amended and restated (filed as exhibit 10.2 to the company’s current report on form 8-k filed february 14, 2012, and incorporated herein by reference).*
form of director restricted share unit agreement (annual award) under the 2006 stock
10.19             incentive plan for key employees of hca holdings, inc. and its affiliates, as amended and restated (filed as exhibit 10.3 to the company’s current report on form 8-k filed february 14, 2012, and incorporated herein by reference).*
10.20             1, 2002 (filed as exhibit 10.30 to the company’s annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2001 (file no.
10.21             except as provided therein (filed as exhibit 10.26 to the company’s annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2010 (file no.
amended and restated hca restoration plan, effective december 22, 2010 (filed as exhibit
employment agreement dated november 16, 2006 (r. milton johnson) (filed as exhibit 10.27(c)
employment agreement dated november 16, 2006 (samuel n. hazen) (filed as exhibit 10.27(d) to
employment agreement dated november 16, 2006 (charles j. hall) (filed as exhibit 10.28(d) to
10.23  -d         exhibit 10.29(i) to the company’s annual report on form
10.23  -e         exhibit 10.29(j) to the company’s annual report on form
second amendment to employment agreement effective january 1, 2014 (r. milton johnson) (filed as exhibit 10.28(g) to the company’s annual report on form
(filed as exhibit 10.23(h) to the company’s annual report on
10.23  -h         as exhibit 10.23(i) to the company’s annual report on form
form of amended and restated limited liability company agreement of hercules holding ii, llc dated as of november 17, 2006, among hercules holding ii,
10.24  -a         llc and certain other parties thereto (filed as exhibit 10.3 to the company’s registration statement on form 8-a, filed april 29, 2008 (file no. 000-18406) and incorporated herein by reference).
form of amendment to the amended and restated limited liability company agreement of hercules
10.24  -b         holding ii, llc (filed as exhibit 10.32(a) to the company’s registration statement on form s-1 (file no. 333-171369), and incorporated herein by reference).
indemnification priority and information sharing agreement, dated as of november 1, 2009, between hca inc. and certain other parties thereto (filed as
10.25             exhibit 10.35 to the company’s annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december
10.26             holdings, inc. and hca merger sub llc (filed as exhibit 10.1 to the company’s current report on form 8-k filed november 24, 2010 (file no.
10.27             agreement, dated november 22, 2010 (filed as exhibit 10.2
omnibus amendment to stock option agreements issued under the 2006 stock incentive plan for key employees of hca holdings, inc. and its affiliates, as
10.28             amended, effective february 16, 2011 (filed as exhibit 10.38 to the company’s annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2010 (file no. 001-11239), and incorporated herein by reference).*
10.29             ii, llc and the other signatories thereto (filed as exhibit 10.1 to the company’s current report on form 8-k filed march 16, 2011, and incorporated herein by reference).
10.30             9, 2011 (filed as exhibit 10.2 to the company’s current report on form 8-k filed september 21, 2011, and incorporated herein by reference).
form of director restricted share unit agreement under the 2006 stock incentive plan for key employees of hca holdings, inc. and its affiliates, as amended and restated (filed as exhibit 10.5 to the company’s quarterly report on form 10-q for the quarter ended march 31, 2011, and incorporated herein by reference).*
hca holdings, inc. 2012 senior officer performance excellence program (filed as exhibit 10.1 to
form of 2012 pep restricted share unit agreement (officers) (filed as exhibit 10.2 to the company’s
10.34        hercules holding ii, llc (filed as exhibit 10.1 to the company’s current report on form 8-k filed november 1, 2013, and incorporated herein by reference).
hca holdings, inc. 2013 senior officer performance excellence program (filed as exhibit 10.44 to
form of 2013 pep restricted share unit agreement (officers) (filed as exhibit 10.45 to the
executive severance policy (filed as exhibit 10.46 to the company’s annual report on form 10-k for
form of director restricted share unit agreement (initial award) under the 2006 stock incentive
10.38        plan for key employees of hca holdings, inc. and its affiliates, as amended and restated (filed as exhibit 10.48 to the company’s annual report on form
form of director restricted share unit agreement (annual award) under the 2006 stock incentive
10.39        plan for key employees of hca holdings, inc. and its affiliates, as amended and restated (filed as exhibit 10.49 to the company’s annual report on form
hca holdings, inc. 2014 senior officer performance excellence program (filed as exhibit 10.1 to
form of 2014 pep restricted share unit agreement (officers) (filed as exhibit 10.2 to the company’s
hca holdings, inc. employee stock purchase plan (filed as exhibit 10.1 to the company’s current
10.43        hercules holding ii, llc (filed as exhibit 10.1 to the company’s current report on form 8-k filed may 20, 2014, and incorporated herein by reference).
share repurchase agreement, dated december 5, 2014, among hca holdings, inc. and bain capital
10.44        integral investors 2006, llc, bcip tcv, llc and bain capital hercules investors, llc (filed as exhibit 10.1 to the company’s current report on form 8-k filed december 8, 2014, and incorporated herein by reference).
form of 2015 stock appreciation right award agreement under the 2006 stock incentive plan for key employees of hca holdings, inc. and its affiliates, as amended and restated (filed as exhibit 10.1 to the company’s current report on form 8-k filed february 4, 2015, and incorporated herein by reference).*
form of 2015 performance share unit award agreement under the 2006 stock incentive plan for key employees of hca holdings, inc. and its affiliates, as amended
10.45        and restated (filed as exhibit 10.47 to the company’s annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal
hca holdings, inc. 2015 senior officer performance excellence program (filed as exhibit 10.1 to
form of 2015 pep restricted share unit agreement (officers) (filed as exhibit 10.2 to the company’s
form of director restricted share unit agreement (annual award) under the 2006 stock incentive
10.49        plan for key employees of hca holdings, inc. and its affiliates, as amended and restated (filed as exhibit 10.3 to the company’s quarterly report on form 10-q for the quarter ended march 31, 2015, and incorporated herein by reference).*
10.50        employees of hca holdings, inc. and its affiliates, as amended and restated.*
form of 2016 performance share unit award agreement under the 2006 stock incentive plan for key
10.51        employees of hca holdings, inc. and its affiliates, as amended and restated.*
the following financial information from our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2015, filed with the sec on february 26,
and 2013, (iv) the consolidated statements of stockholders’ deficit for the years ended december
signatures pursuant to the requirements of section 13 or 15(d) of the securities exchange act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.
pursuant to the requirements of the securities exchange act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.
title signature                           chairman, chief executive officer and
consolidated statements of stockholders’ deficit for the years ended december                    f-6
(unaudited)
we have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of hca holdings, inc. as of december 31, 2015 and
2014, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders’ deficit, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2015. these financial statements are the responsibility of the company’s management. our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.
we conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the public company accounting oversight board (united states). those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. an audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. an audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. we believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
in our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of hca holdings, inc. at december 31, 2015 and 2014, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2015, in conformity with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles.
as discussed in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the company changed its presentation of debt issuance costs as a result of the adoption of fasb accounting standards update 2015-03, simplifying the presentation of debt issuance costs, and the company changed the classification of all deferred tax assets and liabilities to noncurrent on the december 31, 2015 consolidated balance sheet as a result of the adoption of fasb accounting standards update 2015-17, balance sheet classification of deferred taxes.
we also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the public company accounting oversight board (united states), hca holdings, inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2015, based on criteria established in internal control — integrated framework issued by the committee of sponsoring organizations of the treadway commission (2013 framework), and our report dated february 26, 2016 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.
salaries and benefits                           18,115           16,641           15,646
income equity in earnings of affiliates                   (46  )           (43  )           (29  )
losses (gains) on sales of facilities                5              (29  )            10
available-for-sale securities defined benefit plans                             30           (158  )         134
benefits
taxes income taxes (benefits) related to other          31            (40  )         117
comprehensive income items other comprehensive income (loss)                 58            (66  )         200
liabilities and stockholders’ deficit current liabilities:
long-term debt due within one year                                                      233              338
professional liability risks                                                          1,115            1,078
income taxes and other liabilities                                                    1,904            1,832
stockholders’ deficit:
retained deficit                                                                     (7,338  )        (7,575  )
stockholders’ deficit attributable to                                                 (7,599  )        (7,894  )
consolidated statements of stockholders’ deficit for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013
equity
inc.                      capit...
common                          in                                           equity stock                      excess          accum...                          attrib...
with nonc...
cash flows from operating activities:            2015            2014            2013
adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:
increase (decrease) in cash from operating assets and liabilities:
losses (gains) on sales of facilities               5             (29  )           10
activities cash flows from investing activities:
acquisition of hospitals and health care         (351  )         (766  )         (481  )
entities disposal of hospitals and health care              73              51              33
entities change in investments                              63             (37  )           36
net cash used in investing activities          (2,583  )       (2,918  )       (2,346  )
cash flows from financing activities:
net change in revolving bank credit               150             440             970
facilities repayment of long-term debt                    (4,920  )       (5,164  )       (1,662  )
income tax benefits                               235             134             113
net cash used in financing activities          (1,976  )       (1,378  )       (1,625  )
notes to consolidated financial statements note 1 — accounting policies reporting entity hca holdings, inc. is a holding company whose affiliates own and operate hospitals and related health care entities. the term “affiliates” includes direct and indirect subsidiaries of hca holdings, inc. and partnerships and joint ventures in which such subsidiaries are partners. at december 31, 2015, these affiliates owned and operated 168 hospitals, 116 freestanding surgery centers and provided extensive outpatient and ancillary services.
hca holdings, inc.’s facilities are located in 20 states and england. the terms “company,” “hca,” “we,” “our” or
“us,” as used herein and unless otherwise stated or indicated by context, refer to hca holdings, inc. and its affiliates. the term “facilities” or “hospitals” refer to entities owned and operated by affiliates of hca and the term “employees” refers to employees of affiliates of hca.
basis of presentation the preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. actual results could differ from those estimates.
the consolidated financial statements include all subsidiaries and entities controlled by hca. we generally define
“control” as ownership of a majority of the voting interest of an entity. the consolidated financial statements include entities in which we absorb a majority of the entity’s expected losses, receive a majority of the entity’s expected residual returns, or both, as a result of ownership, contractual or other financial interests in the entity. significant intercompany transactions have been eliminated. investments in entities we do not control, but in which we have a substantial ownership interest and can exercise significant influence, are accounted for using the equity method.
we have completed various acquisitions and joint venture transactions. the accounts of these entities have been included in our consolidated financial statements for periods subsequent to our acquisition of controlling interests. the majority of our expenses are “cost of revenue” items. costs that could be classified as general and administrative include our corporate office costs, which were $327 million, $285 million and $287 million for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
laws and regulations governing the medicare and medicaid programs are complex and subject to interpretation. as a result, there is at least a reasonable possibility recorded estimates will change by a material amount. estimated reimbursement amounts are adjusted in subsequent periods as cost reports are prepared and filed and as final settlements are determined (in relation to certain government programs, primarily medicare, this is generally referred to as the “cost report” filing and settlement process). the adjustments to estimated medicare and medicaid reimbursement amounts and disproportionate-share funds, which resulted in net increases to revenues, related primarily to cost reports filed during the respective year were $48 million, $50 million and $41 million in 2015,
the emergency medical treatment and labor act (“emtala”) requires any hospital participating in the medicare program to conduct an appropriate medical screening examination of every person who presents to the hospital’s emergency room for treatment and, if the individual is suffering from an emergency medical condition, f-9
to either stabilize the condition or make an appropriate transfer of the individual to a facility able to handle the condition. the obligation to screen and stabilize emergency medical conditions exists regardless of an individual’s ability to pay for treatment. federal and state laws and regulations require, and our commitment to providing quality patient care encourages, us to provide services to patients who are financially unable to pay for the health care services they receive. because we do not pursue collection of amounts determined to qualify as charity care, they are not reported in revenues. patients treated at hospitals for nonelective care, who have income at or below 200% of the federal poverty level, are eligible for charity care. the federal poverty level is established by the federal government and is based on income and family size. we provide discounts to uninsured patients who do not qualify for medicaid or charity care. in implementing the uninsured discount policy, we may first attempt to provide assistance to uninsured patients to help determine whether they may qualify for medicaid, other federal or state assistance or charity care. if an uninsured patient does not qualify for these programs, the uninsured discount is applied.
to quantify the total impact of and trends related to uninsured accounts, we believe it is beneficial to view charity care, uninsured discounts and the provision for doubtful accounts in combination, rather than each separately. a summary of these amounts for the years ended december 31, follows (dollars in millions):
charity care                       $   3,682       20  %    $   3,775       24  %    $   3,497       22  %
patient care costs (salaries and benefits, supplies, other operating      $  33,760       $  31,478       $  29,606
care the sum of charity care, uninsured discounts and the provision for doubtful accounts, as a percentage of the sum of revenues, charity care, uninsured discounts and the provision for doubtful accounts was 31.5% for 2015, 30.2% for
recent pronouncements in may 2014, the financial accounting standards board (“fasb”) and the international accounting standards board issued a final, converged, principles-based standard on revenue recognition. companies across all industries will use a five-step model to recognize revenue from customer contracts. the new standard, which f-10
replaces nearly all existing united states generally accepted accounting principles (“us gaap”) and international financial reporting standards revenue recognition guidance, will require significant management judgment in addition to changing the way many companies recognize revenue in their financial statements. the standard was originally scheduled to become effective for public entities for annual and interim periods beginning after december 15, 2016. early adoption was originally not to be permitted under us gaap. in july 2015, the fasb decided to defer the effective date of the new revenue standard by one year, but will permit entities to adopt one year earlier if they choose (i.e., the original effective date). the fasb decided, based on its outreach to various stakeholders and forthcoming exposure drafts, which amend the new revenue standard, that a deferral was necessary to provide adequate time to effectively implement the new standard. we are continuing to evaluate the effects the adoption of this standard will have on our financial statements and financial disclosures.
in april 2015, the fasb issued accounting standards update 2015-03, simplifying the presentation of debt issuance costs(“asu 2015-03”), which requires that debt issuance costs be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability. the guidance in the new standard is limited to the presentation of debt issuance costs. the recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs are not affected by asu 2015-03. we elected to adopt the new presentation in 2015, and the applicable prior year amounts have been reclassified in accordance with asu 2015-03.
in november 2015, the fasb issued accounting standards update 2015-17, balance sheet classification of deferred taxes(“asu 2015-17”), which requires that all deferred tax assets and liabilities be classified as noncurrent on the balance sheet instead of separating deferred taxes into current and noncurrent amounts. the fasb determined that this simplification could reduce cost and complexity without decreasing the usefulness of information provided to financial statement users. we elected to adopt the new presentation prospectively at december 31, 2015 and the applicable prior period amounts were not retrospectively adjusted.
cash and cash equivalents cash and cash equivalents include highly liquid investments with a maturity of three months or less when purchased.
our insurance subsidiaries’ cash equivalent investments in excess of the amounts required to pay estimated professional liability claims during the next twelve months are not included in cash and cash equivalents as these funds are not available for general corporate purposes. carrying values of cash and cash equivalents approximate fair value due to the short-term nature of these instruments.
our cash management system provides for daily investment of available balances and the funding of outstanding checks when presented for payment. outstanding, but unpresented, checks totaling $517 million and $511 million at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, have been included in “accounts payable” in the consolidated balance sheets. upon presentation for payment, these checks are funded through available cash balances or our credit facility.
accounts receivable we receive payments for services rendered from federal and state agencies (under the medicare and medicaid programs), managed care health plans, commercial insurance companies, employers and patients. we recognize that revenues and receivables from government agencies are significant to our operations, but do not believe there are significant credit risks associated with these government agencies. we do not believe there are any other significant concentrations of revenues from any particular payer that would subject us to any significant credit risks in the collection of our accounts receivable.
additions to the allowance for doubtful accounts are made by means of the provision for doubtful accounts. accounts written off as uncollectible are deducted from the allowance for doubtful accounts and subsequent recoveries are added. the amount of the provision for doubtful accounts is based upon management’s assessment of historical and expected net collections, business and economic conditions, trends in federal, state and private employer health care coverage and other collection indicators. the provision for doubtful accounts and the allowance for doubtful accounts relate to “uninsured” amounts due directly from patients (including copayment and deductible amounts from patients who have health care coverage). accounts are written off when all reasonable internal and external collection efforts have been performed. we consider the return of an account from the secondary collection agency to be the culmination of our reasonable collection efforts and the timing basis for writing off the account balance. writeoffs are based upon specific identification and the writeoff process requires a writeoff adjustment entry to the patient accounting system. management relies on the results of detailed reviews of historical writeoffs and recoveries at facilities that represent a majority of our revenues and accounts receivable (the
“hindsight analysis”) as a primary source of information to utilize in estimating the collectibility of our accounts receivable. we perform the hindsight analysis quarterly, utilizing rolling twelve-months accounts receivable collection and writeoff data. at december 31, 2015 and 2014, the allowance for doubtful accounts represented approximately 94.5% and 91.4%, respectively, of the $5.636 billion and $5.482 billion, respectively, patient due accounts receivable balance. the patient due accounts receivable balance represents the estimated uninsured portion of our accounts receivable. the estimated uninsured portion of medicaid pending and uninsured discount pending accounts is included in our patient due accounts receivable balance. days revenues in accounts receivable were 53 days, 54 days and 54 days at december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. changes in general economic conditions, patient accounting service center operations, payer mix, or federal or state governmental health care coverage could affect our collection of accounts receivable, cash flows and results of operations.
when events, circumstances or operating results indicate the carrying values of certain long-lived assets expected to be held and used, might be impaired, we prepare projections of the undiscounted future cash flows expected to result from the use of the assets and their eventual disposition. if the projections indicate the recorded amounts are not expected to be recoverable, such amounts are reduced to estimated fair value. fair value may be estimated based upon internal evaluations that include quantitative analyses of revenues and cash flows, reviews of recent sales of similar facilities and independent appraisals.
long-lived assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of their carrying amounts or fair value less costs to sell or close. the estimates of fair value are usually based upon recent sales of similar assets and market responses based upon discussions with and offers received from potential buyers.
“available-for-sale” as defined in accounting standards codification (“asc”) no. 320, investments — debt and equity securitiesand are recorded at fair value. the investment securities are held for the purpose of providing a funding source to pay liability claims covered by the insurance subsidiaries. we perform quarterly assessments of individual investment securities to determine whether declines in market value are temporary or other-than-
temporary. our investment securities evaluation process involves multiple subjective judgments, often involves estimating the outcome of future events, and requires a significant level of professional judgment in determining whether an impairment has occurred. we evaluate, among other things, the financial position and near term prospects of the issuer, conditions in the issuer’s industry, liquidity of the investment, changes in the amount or timing of expected future cash flows from the investment, and recent downgrades of the issuer by a rating agency, to determine if, and when, a decline in the fair value of an investment below amortized cost is considered other-than-
temporary. the length of time and extent to which the fair value of the investment is less than amortized cost and our ability and intent to retain the investment, to allow for any anticipated recovery of the investment’s fair value, are important components of our investment securities evaluation process.
goodwill and intangible assets goodwill is not amortized but is subject to annual impairment tests. in addition to the annual impairment review, impairment reviews are performed whenever circumstances indicate a possible impairment may exist. impairment testing for goodwill is done at the reporting unit level. reporting units are one level below the business segment level, and our impairment testing is performed at the operating division level. we compare the fair value of the reporting unit assets to the carrying amount, on at least an annual basis, to determine if there is potential impairment. if the fair value of the reporting unit assets is less than their carrying value, we compare the fair value of the goodwill to its carrying value. if the fair value of the goodwill is less than its carrying value, an impairment loss is recognized. fair value is estimated based upon internal evaluations of each reporting unit that include quantitative analyses of market multiples, revenues and cash flows and reviews of recent sales of similar facilities. no goodwill impairments were recognized during 2015, 2014 and 2013. since january 1, 2000, we have recognized total goodwill impairments of $102 million in the aggregate. none of the goodwill impairments related to evaluations of goodwill at the reporting unit level, as all recognized goodwill impairments during this period related to goodwill allocated to asset disposal groups.
during 2015, goodwill increased by $323 million related to acquisitions and declined by $2 million related to foreign currency translation and other adjustments. during 2014, goodwill increased by $542 million related to acquisitions and declined by $13 million related to foreign currency translation and other adjustments.
during 2015, identifiable intangible assets increased by $22 million related to acquisitions and declined by $22
million due to amortization, foreign currency translation and other adjustments. during 2014, identifiable intangible assets declined by $22 million due to amortization. identifiable intangible assets are amortized over estimated lives ranging generally from three to 10 years. the gross carrying amount of identifiable intangible assets at december 31, 2015 and 2014 was $184 million and $162 million, respectively, and accumulated amortization was $60 million and $38 million, respectively. during 2015, indefinite-lived identifiable intangible assets declined by $6 million related to a reclassification. during 2014, indefinite-lived identifiable intangible assets increased by $6 million related to acquisitions. the gross carrying amount of indefinite-lived identifiable intangible assets at december 31, 2015 and 2014 was $269 million and $275 million, respectively. indefinite-lived identifiable intangible assets are not amortized but are subject to annual impairment tests, and impairment reviews are performed whenever circumstances indicate a possible impairment may exist.
professional liability claims reserves for professional liability risks were $1.465 billion and $1.407 billion at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. the current portion of the reserves, $350 million and $329 million at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, is included in “other accrued expenses” in the consolidated balance sheets. provisions for losses related to professional liability risks were $344 million, $395 million and $314 million for 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively, and are included in “other operating expenses” in our consolidated income statements. provisions for losses related to professional liability risks are based upon actuarially determined estimates. loss and loss expense reserves represent the estimated ultimate net cost of all reported and unreported losses incurred through the respective consolidated balance sheet dates. the reserves for unpaid losses and loss expenses are estimated using individual case-basis valuations and actuarial analyses. those estimates are subject to the effects of trends in loss severity and frequency. the estimates are continually reviewed and adjustments are recorded as experience develops or new information becomes known. adjustments to the estimated reserve amounts are included in current operating results. the reserves for professional liability risks cover approximately 2,700 individual claims at both december 31, 2015 and 2014 and estimates for unreported potential claims. the time period required to resolve these claims can vary depending upon the jurisdiction and whether the claim is settled or litigated. during 2015
and 2014, $305 million and $268 million, respectively, of net payments were made for professional and general liability claims. the estimation of the timing of payments beyond a year can vary significantly. although considerable variability is inherent in professional liability reserve estimates, we believe the reserves for losses and loss expenses are adequate; however, there can be no assurance the ultimate liability will not exceed our estimates.
a portion of our professional liability risks is insured through a 100% owned insurance subsidiary. subject to a
$15 million per occurrence self-insured retention, our facilities are insured by our 100% owned insurance subsidiary for losses up to $50 million per occurrence. the insurance subsidiary has obtained reinsurance for professional liability risks generally above a retention level of $25 million per occurrence. we also maintain professional liability insurance with unrelated commercial carriers for losses in excess of amounts insured by our insurance subsidiary.
the obligations covered by reinsurance and excess insurance contracts are included in the reserves for professional liability risks, as we remain liable to the extent the reinsurers and excess insurance carriers do not meet their obligations under the reinsurance and excess insurance contracts. the amounts receivable under the reinsurance contracts include $35 million and $20 million at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, recorded in “other assets,” and $9 million and $5 million at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, recorded in “other current assets.”
financial instruments derivative financial instruments are employed to manage interest rate risks, and are not used for trading or speculative purposes. we recognize our interest rate swap derivative instruments in the consolidated balance sheets at fair value. changes in the fair value of derivatives are recognized periodically in stockholders’ equity, as a component of other comprehensive income (loss), provided the derivative financial instrument qualifies for f-14
the net interest paid or received on interest rate swaps is recognized as interest expense. gains and losses resulting from the early termination of interest rate swap agreements are deferred and amortized as adjustments to interest expense over the remaining term of the debt originally associated with the terminated swap.
electronic health record incentive payments the american recovery and reinvestment act of 2009 provides for medicare and medicaid incentive payments for eligible hospitals and professionals that adopt and meaningfully use certified electronic health record (“ehr”)
technology. we recognize income related to medicare and medicaid incentive payments using a gain contingency model that is based upon when our eligible hospitals have demonstrated meaningful use of certified ehr technology for the applicable period and the cost report information for the full cost report year that will determine the final calculation of the incentive payment is available.
$7 million medicaid) and $216 million ($183 million medicare and $33 million medicaid) of electronic health record incentive income during the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. at december 31, 2014, we had $39 million (none at december 31, 2015) of deferred ehr incentive income, which represented initial incentive payments received for which ehr incentive income had not been recognized.
noncontrolling interests in consolidated entities the consolidated financial statements include all assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses of less than 100%
owned entities that we control. accordingly, we have recorded noncontrolling interests in the earnings and equity of such entities.
note 2 — share-based compensation stock incentive plan the 2006 stock incentive plan for key employees of hca holdings, inc. and its affiliates, as amended and restated
(the “stock incentive plan”), is designed to promote the long term financial interests and growth of the company by attracting and retaining management and other personnel and to motivate them to achieve long range goals and further the alignment of interests of participants with those of our stockholders through opportunities for increased stock, or stock-based, ownership in the company. portions of the options, stock appreciation rights
(“sars”) and restricted share units (“rsus”) granted under the stock incentive plan vest f-15
solely based upon continued employment over a specific period of time, and portions of the options, sars and rsus, and all performance share units (“psus”) vest based both upon continued employment over a specific period of time and upon the achievement of predetermined financial targets over time. we granted 1,746,300 and 3,445,000 sars and
employee stock purchase plan the hca holdings, inc. employee stock purchase plan (“espp”) was approved by the stockholders of the company during the april 2014 annual meeting with 12,000,000 shares of our common stock reserved for issuance thereunder. the espp provides our participating employees an opportunity to obtain shares of our common stock at a discount (through payroll deductions over three-month periods). at december 31, 2015, 10,812,700 shares of common stock were reserved for issuance under the espp provisions. during 2015 and 2014, the company recognized $8 million and $2 million of compensation expense related to the espp, respectively.
stock option, sar, rsu and psu activity the fair value of each stock option and sar award is estimated on the grant date, using valuation models and the weighted average assumptions indicated in the following table. awards under the stock incentive plan generally vest based on continued employment (“time stock options and sars” and “time rsus”) and based upon continued employment and the achievement of certain financial targets (“performance stock options and sars”, “performance rsus” and
“psus”). psus have a three-year cumulative earnings per share target, and the number of psus earned can vary from zero (for actual performance of less than 80% of target) to two times the original psu grant (for actual performance of 120% or more of target). each grant is valued as a single award with an expected term equal to the average expected term of the component vesting tranches. we use historical exercise behavior data and other factors to estimate the expected term of the options and sars. the expected term of the share-based award is limited by the contractual term, and employee post-vesting termination behavior is incorporated in the historical exercise behavior data.
compensation cost is recognized on the straight-line attribution method. the straight-line attribution method requires that total compensation expense recognized must at least equal the vested portion of the grant-date fair value. the expected volatility is derived using historical stock price information for our common stock and that of certain peer group companies. the risk-free interest rate is the approximate yield on united states treasury strips having a life equal to the expected share-based award life on the date of grant. the expected life is an estimate of the number of years a share-based award will be held before it is exercised.
expected volatility          36  %      37  %      45  %
stock option, sar, rsu and psu activity (continued)
information regarding time stock options and sars and performance stock options and sars activity during 2015, 2014
stock option, sar, rsu and psu activity (continued)
information regarding time rsus, performance rsus and psus activity during 2015, 2014 and 2013 is summarized below
note 3 — acquisitions and dispositions during 2015, we paid $15 million to acquire a hospital, and we paid $336 million to acquire nonhospital health care entities. during 2014, we paid $161 million to acquire three hospitals, and we paid $605 million to acquire nonhospital health care entities. during 2013, we paid $146 million to acquire three hospitals, and we paid $335
million to acquire nonhospital health care entities. purchase price amounts have been allocated to the related assets acquired and liabilities assumed based upon their respective fair values. the purchase price paid in excess of the fair value of identifiable net assets of these acquired entities aggregated $323 million, $542 million and
$253 million in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the consolidated financial statements include the accounts and operations of the acquired entities subsequent to the respective acquisition dates. the pro forma effects of these acquired entities on our results of operations for periods prior to the respective acquisition dates were not significant.
during 2015, we received proceeds of $73 million and recognized a net pretax loss of $5 million ($3 million after tax) related to the sale of a hospital facility and sales of real estate and other investments. during 2014, we received proceeds of $51 million and recognized a net pretax gain of $29 million ($18 million after tax) related to the sale of a hospital facility and sales of real estate and other investments. during 2013, we received proceeds of $33 million and recognized a net pretax loss of $10 million ($7 million after tax) related to the sale of a hospital facility and sales of real estate and other investments.
the provision for income taxes reflects $10 million and $9 million ($7 million and $6 million net of tax, respectively) of interest expense related to taxing authority examinations and $4 million ($3 million net of tax)
of reductions in interest related to taxing authority examinations for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and
benefit change in liability for uncertain tax        0.2        0.5        0.5
positions tax exempt interest income                  (0.1  )    (0.1  )    (0.2  )
other items, net                             0.5       (0.5  )     0.3
before income taxes a summary of the items comprising the deferred tax assets and liabilities at december 31 follows (dollars in millions):
assets       liabilities       assets       liabilities
differences allowances for professional liability          443                  —          403                  —
available to offset future taxable income approximated $105 million and $144 million, respectively. utilization of net operating loss carryforwards in any one year may be limited.
the following table summarizes the activity related to our unrecognized tax benefits (dollars in millions):
additions based on tax positions related         13             3
to the current year additions for tax positions of prior             22            72
years reductions for tax positions of prior           (45  )        (11  )
limitations balance at december 31                      $   487       $   503
during 2014, the irs examination division began an audit of hca holding’s inc.’s 2011 and 2012 federal income tax returns. we are also subject to examination by state and foreign taxing authorities.
our liability for unrecognized tax benefits was $554 million, including accrued interest of $73 million and excluding $6 million that was recorded as reductions of the related deferred tax assets, as of december 31, 2015
($548 million, $58 million and $13 million, respectively, as of december 31, 2014). unrecognized tax benefits of
depending on the resolution of any irs, state and foreign tax disputes, the completion of examinations by federal, state or foreign taxing authorities, or the expiration of statutes of limitation for specific taxing jurisdictions, we believe it is reasonably possible that our liability for unrecognized tax benefits may significantly increase or decrease within the next 12 months. however, we are currently unable to estimate the range of any possible change.
amortized              unrealized                            fair debt securities:                                cost  gains          amounts  losses                   value
states and municipalities               $        428           $          17            $  (1  )    $    444
equity securities                                   —                       4               —                4
amortized              unrealized                            fair debt securities:                                cost  gains          amounts  losses                   value
states and municipalities               $        477           $          18            $  (1  )    $    494
equity securities                                  1                       2               —                3
scheduled maturities of investments in debt securities at december 31, 2015 were as follows (dollars in millions):
the average expected maturity of the investments in debt securities at december 31, 2015 was 3.8 years, compared to the average scheduled maturity of 5.4 years. expected and scheduled maturities may differ because the issuers of certain securities have the right to call, prepay or otherwise redeem such obligations prior to their scheduled maturity date.
note 7 — financial instruments interest rate swap agreements we have entered into interest rate swap agreements to manage our exposure to fluctuations in interest rates. these swap agreements involve the exchange of fixed and variable rate interest payments between two parties based on common notional principal amounts and maturity dates. pay-fixed interest rate swaps effectively convert libor indexed variable rate obligations to fixed interest rate obligations. the interest payments under these agreements are settled on a net basis. the net interest payments, based on the notional amounts in these agreements, generally match the timing of the related liabilities, for the interest rate swap agreements which have been designated as cash flow hedges. the notional amounts of the swap agreements represent amounts used to calculate the exchange of cash flows and are not our assets or liabilities. our credit risk related to these agreements is considered low because the swap agreements are with creditworthy financial institutions.
notional                        fair amount    maturity date       value
credit-risk-related contingent features we have agreements with each of our derivative counterparties that contain a provision where we could be declared in default on our derivative obligations if repayment of the underlying indebtedness is accelerated by the lender due to our default on the indebtedness. as of december 31, 2015, we have not been required to post any collateral related to these agreements. if we had breached these provisions at december 31, 2015, we would have been required to settle our obligations under the agreements at their aggregate, estimated termination value of $112 million.
note 8 — assets and liabilities measured at fair value accounting standards codification 820, fair value measurements and disclosures(“asc 820”) emphasizes fair value is a market-based measurement, not an entity-specific measurement. therefore, a fair value measurement should be determined based on the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. as a basis for considering market participant assumptions in fair value measurements, asc 820 utilizes a fair value hierarchy that distinguishes between market participant assumptions based on market data obtained from sources independent of the reporting entity (observable inputs classified within levels 1 and 2 of the hierarchy) and the reporting entity’s own assumptions about market participant assumptions (unobservable inputs classified within level 3 of the hierarchy).
level 1 inputs utilize quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. level 2
inputs are inputs other than quoted prices included in level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. level 2 inputs may include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, as well as inputs observable for the asset or liability (other than quoted prices), such as interest rates, foreign exchange rates, and yield curves observable at commonly quoted intervals. level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability, which are typically based on an entity’s own assumptions, as there is little, if any, related market activity. in instances where the determination of the fair value measurement is based on inputs from different levels of the fair value hierarchy, the level in the fair value hierarchy within which the entire fair value measurement falls is based on the lowest level input significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. our assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment, and considers factors specific to the asset or liability.
cash traded investments our cash traded investments are generally classified within level 1 or level 2 of the fair value hierarchy because they are valued using quoted market prices, broker or dealer quotations, or alternative pricing sources with reasonable levels of price transparency. certain types of cash traded instruments are classified within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy because they trade infrequently and therefore have little or no price transparency. the valuation of these securities involves management’s judgment, after consideration of market factors and the absence of market transparency, market liquidity and observable inputs.
derivative financial instruments we have entered into interest rate swap agreements to manage our exposure to fluctuations in interest rates. the valuation of these instruments is determined using widely accepted valuation techniques, including discounted cash flow analysis on the expected cash flows of each derivative. this analysis reflects the contractual terms of the derivatives, including the period to maturity, and uses observable market-based inputs, including interest rate curves and implied volatilities. we incorporate credit valuation adjustments to reflect both our own nonperformance risk and the respective counterparty’s nonperformance risk in the fair value measurements of these instruments.
although we determined the majority of the inputs used to value our derivatives fall within level 2 of the fair value hierarchy, the credit valuation adjustments associated with our derivatives utilize level 3 inputs, such as estimates of current credit spreads to evaluate the likelihood of default by us and our counterparties. we assessed the significance of the impact of the credit valuation adjustments on the overall valuation of our derivative positions, and at december 31, 2015 and 2014, we determined the credit valuation adjustments were not significant to the overall valuation of our derivatives.
note 8 — assets and liabilities measured at fair value (continued)
the following tables summarize our assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, aggregated by the level in the fair value hierarchy within which those measurements fall (dollars in millions):
liabilities
debt securities:
equity                       4                                 4                         —                      —
securities investments of                         482                                38                      438                     6
liabilitie...
taxes and other liabilitie...
note 8 — assets and liabilities measured at fair value (continued)
liabilities
debt securities:
equity                       3                                 3                         —                      —
securities investments of                         558                                64                      488                     6
liabilitie...
taxes and other liabilitie...
2014, respectively, compared to carrying amounts, excluding net debt issuance costs, aggregating $30.655 billion and $29.645 billion, respectively. the estimates of fair value are generally based upon the quoted market prices or quoted market prices for similar issues of long-term debt with the same maturities.
senior secured asset-based revolving credit facility (effective interest rate    $   3,030       $   2,880
senior secured revolving credit facility             —                —
senior secured term loan facilities             5,639           5,517
less amounts due within one year                  233             338
2015 activity during december 2015, we issued $500 million aggregate principal amount of 5.875% senior notes due 2026. we used the net proceeds for general corporate purposes.
during june 2015, we entered into a joinder agreement to retire certain of our existing senior secured term loans using proceeds from a new $1.400 billion senior secured term loan credit facility maturing on june 10, 2020. the pretax loss on retirement of debt was $3 million.
during january 2015, we issued $1.000 billion aggregate principal amount of 5.375% senior notes due 2025. we used a portion of the net proceeds to repay at maturity our $750 million aggregate principal amount of 6.375% senior unsecured notes due 2015.
2014 activity during october 2014, we issued $600 million aggregate principal amount of 4.25% senior secured notes due 2019 and
$2.000 billion aggregate principal amount of 5.00% senior secured notes due 2024, and repaid at maturity all $500
senior secured credit facilities and other senior secured debt we have entered into the following senior secured credit facilities: (i) a $3.250 billion asset-based revolving credit facility maturing on march 7, 2019 with a borrowing base of 85% of eligible accounts receivable, subject to customary reserves and eligibility criteria ($3.030 billion outstanding at december 31, 2015) (the “abl credit facility”); (ii) a $2.000 billion senior secured revolving credit facility maturing on february 26, 2019 (none outstanding at december 31, 2015 without giving effect to certain outstanding letters of credit); (iii) a $1.365
billion senior secured term loan a-5 facility maturing on june 10, 2020; (iv) a $2.319 billion senior secured term loan b-4 facility maturing on may 1, 2018; and (v) a $1.955 billion senior secured term loan b-5 facility maturing on march 31, 2017. we refer to the facilities described under (ii) through (v) above, collectively, as the “cash flow credit facility” and, together with the abl credit facility, the “senior secured credit facilities.”
senior secured credit facilities and other senior secured debt (continued)
borrowings under the senior secured credit facilities bear interest at a rate equal to, at our option, either (a) a base rate determined by reference to the higher of (1) the federal funds rate plus 0.50% or (2) the prime rate of bank of america or (b) a libor rate for the currency of such borrowing for the relevant interest period, plus, in each case, an applicable margin. the applicable margin for borrowings under the senior secured credit facilities may be reduced subject to attaining certain leverage ratios.
the senior secured credit facilities contain a number of covenants that restrict, subject to certain exceptions, our (and some or all of our subsidiaries’) ability to incur additional indebtedness, repay subordinated indebtedness, create liens on assets, sell assets, make investments, loans or advances, engage in certain transactions with affiliates, pay dividends and distributions, and enter into sale and leaseback transactions. in addition, we are required to satisfy and maintain a maximum total leverage ratio covenant under the cash flow credit facility and, in certain situations under the abl credit facility, a minimum interest coverage ratio covenant.
million aggregate principal amount of 4.25% first lien notes due 2019; and (vii) $1.400 billion aggregate principal amount of 5.25% first lien notes due 2025. capital leases and other secured debt totaled $634 million at december
2015, we had entered into effective interest rate swap agreements, in a total notional amount of $4.000 billion, in order to hedge a portion of our exposure to variable rate interest payments associated with the senior secured credit facilities. the effect of the interest rate swaps is reflected in the effective interest rates for the senior secured credit facilities.
senior unsecured notes senior unsecured notes consist of (i) $8.391 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes with maturities ranging from 2018 to 2033; (ii) an aggregate principal amount of $125 million medium-term notes maturing 2025;
(iii) an aggregate principal amount of $736 million debentures with maturities ranging from 2023 to 2095; and (iv)
general debt information the senior secured credit facilities and senior secured notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by substantially all existing and future, direct and indirect, 100% owned material domestic subsidiaries that are
“unrestricted subsidiaries” under our indenture (the “1993 indenture”) dated december 16, 1993 (except for certain special purpose subsidiaries that only guarantee and pledge their assets under our abl credit facility).
all obligations under the abl credit facility, and the guarantees of those obligations, are secured, subject to permitted liens and other exceptions, by a first-priority lien on substantially all of the receivables of the borrowers and each guarantor under such abl credit facility (the “receivables collateral”).
all obligations under the cash flow credit facility and the guarantees of such obligations are secured, subject to permitted liens and other exceptions, by:
a first-priority lien on the capital stock owned by hca inc., or by any u.s. guarantor, in each of their respective first-tier subsidiaries;
a first-priority lien on substantially all present and future assets of hca inc. and of each u.s. guarantor other than (i) “principal properties” (as defined in the 1993 indenture), (ii) certain other real properties and (iii) deposit accounts, other bank or securities accounts, cash, leaseholds, motor-vehicles and certain other exceptions;
and a second-priority lien on certain of the receivables collateral.
our senior secured notes and the related guarantees are secured by first-priority liens, subject to permitted liens, on our and our subsidiary guarantors’ assets, subject to certain exceptions, that secure our cash flow credit facility on a first-priority basis and are secured by second-priority liens, subject to permitted liens, on our and our subsidiary guarantors’ assets that secure our abl credit facility on a first-priority basis and our other cash flow credit facility on a second-priority basis.
maturities of long-term debt in years 2017 through 2020, excluding amounts under the abl credit facility, are
note 10 — contingencies and legal claim costs we operate in a highly regulated and litigious industry. as a result, various lawsuits, claims and legal and regulatory proceedings have been and can be expected to be instituted or asserted against us. we are subject to claims for additional taxes and related interest and penalties. we are also subject to claims and suits arising in the ordinary course of business, including claims for personal injuries or wrongful restriction of, or interference with, physicians’ staff privileges. in certain of these actions the claimants may seek punitive damages against us which may not be covered by insurance. the resolution of any such lawsuits, claims or legal and regulatory proceedings could have a material, adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position or liquidity.
government investigations, claims and litigation health care companies are subject to numerous investigations by various governmental agencies. further, under the federal false claims act (“fca”), private parties have the right to bring qui tam, or “whistleblower,” suits against companies that submit false claims for payments to, or improperly retain overpayments from, the government.
some states have adopted similar state whistleblower and false claims provisions. certain of our individual facilities have received, and from time to time, other facilities may receive, government inquiries from, and may be subject to investigation by, federal and state agencies. depending on whether the underlying conduct in these or future inquiries or investigations could be considered systemic, their resolution could have a material, adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position or liquidity.
in july 2012, the civil division of the u.s. attorney’s office in miami requested information on reviews assessing the medical necessity of interventional cardiology services provided at any company facility (other than peer reviews). the company cooperated with the government’s request and produced medical records associated with particular reviews at eight hospitals, located primarily in florida. the company subsequently f-28
government investigations, claims and litigation (continued)
learned that the government’s inquiries related to three qui tamactions. on february 24, 2015, the united states district court for the southern district of florida unsealed a qui tamaction that had been filed under seal on february 16, 2012 and alleged particular fca violations relating to two specific facilities that were among the subjects of the miami u.s. attorney’s office investigation. on january 30, 2015, the u.s. attorney’s office filed with the district court a formal notice that the department of justice declined to intervene in that action. the relator subsequently dismissed this qui tamaction without prejudice. a second qui tamaction relating to these topics was unsealed on march 12, 2015 and dismissed without prejudice by the relator on march 18, 2015. a third qui tamaction, which made allegations relating to another facility that was a subject of the miami u.s. attorney’s office inquiry, was unsealed in december 2015 after the government formally declined to intervene. the company settled this qui tamaction on december 17, 2015 with a payment of $2.625 million to resolve claims, penalties and attorneys’ fees. it is the company’s understanding that the dismissal of the two qui tamactions and settlement of the third resolves the investigation of which the government notified the company in july 2012.
on april 2, 2014, the uk competition and markets authority (“authority”) issued a final report on its investigation of the private health care market in london. it concluded, among other things, that many private hospitals face little competition in central london, and that there are high barriers to entry. as part of its remedies package, the authority ordered hca to sell either: (a) its london bridge and princess grace hospitals; or (b) its wellington hospital, including the platinum medical centre. it also imposed other remedial conditions on hca and other private health care providers, including: regulation of incentives to referring physicians; increased access to information about fees and performance; and restrictions on future arrangements between private providers and national health service private patient units. hca disagrees with the authority’s assessment of the competitive conditions for hospitals in london, as well as its proposed divestiture remedy, and appealed the decision to the competition appeal tribunal. the competition appeal tribunal overturned certain of the authority’s findings and sent the matter back to the authority for further proceedings. in november 2015, following consideration of additional evidence, the authority issued a provisional decision that again found there were adverse effects on competition in the private hospital market in central london. the provisional decision modified some of the authority’s earlier factual conclusions and acknowledged certain mitigating factors for some of the effects noted in the prior decision. the provisional decision also offers some additional potential remedies, and the authority is now consulting on remedies for the adverse competitive effects. a provisional decision on remedies is expected during the first quarter of 2016, with a final report anticipated in may 2016. if dissatisfied with the final report, hca will have an opportunity to appeal to the competitive appeal tribunal.
securities class action litigation on october 28, 2011, a shareholder action, schuh v. hca holdings, inc. et al., was filed in the united states district court for the middle district of tennessee seeking monetary relief. the case sought to include as a class all persons who acquired the company’s stock pursuant or traceable to the company’s registration statement issued in connection with the march 9, 2011 initial public offering. the lawsuit asserted a claim under section 11 of the securities act of 1933 against the company, certain members of the board of directors, and certain underwriters in the offering. it further asserted a claim under section 15 of the securities act of 1933 against the same members of the board of directors. the action alleged various deficiencies in the company’s disclosures in the registration statement. subsequently, two additional class action complaints, kishtah v. hca holdings, inc. et al. and daniels v. hca holdings, inc. et al., setting forth substantially similar claims against substantially the same defendants were filed in the same federal court on november 16, 2011 and december 12, f-29
securities class action litigation (continued)
2011, respectively. all three of the cases were consolidated. on may 3, 2012, the court appointed new england teamsters & trucking industry pension fund as lead plaintiff for the consolidated action. on july 13, 2012, the lead plaintiff filed an amended complaint asserting claims under sections 11 and 12(a)(2) of the securities act of
1933 against the company, certain members of the board of directors, and certain underwriters in the offering. it further asserts a claim under section 15 of the securities act of 1933 against the same members of the board of directors and hercules holding ii, llc, a majority shareholder of the company at the time of the initial public offering. the consolidated complaint alleges deficiencies in the company’s disclosures in the registration statement and prospectus relating to: (1) the accounting for the company’s 2006 recapitalization and 2010
reorganization; (2) the company’s failure to maintain effective internal controls relating to its accounting for such transactions; and (3) the company’s medicare and medicaid revenue growth rates. the company and other defendants moved to dismiss the amended complaint on september 11, 2012. the court granted the motion in part on may 28, 2013. the action proceeded to discovery on the remaining claims. the plaintiffs’ motion for class certification was granted on september 22, 2014. the court certified a class consisting of all persons that acquired hca stock on or before october 28, 2011 (the date of the lawsuit) pursuant to the registration statement issued in connection with the march 9, 2011 initial public offering. a request to the court of appeals to hear an immediate appeal of this ruling was denied. following the close of discovery, plaintiffs and defendants each filed motions for summary judgment and to strike certain of the expert witnesses. as described below, a preliminary agreement to settle the shareholder class actions has been reached.
in addition to the above described consolidated shareholder class action, on december 8, 2011, a federal shareholder derivative action, sutton v. bracken, et al., putatively initiated in the name of the company, was filed in the united states district court for the middle district of tennessee against certain officers and present and former directors of the company seeking monetary relief. the action alleges breaches of fiduciary duties by the named officers and directors in connection with the accounting and earnings claims set forth in the shareholder class actions described above. setting forth substantially similar claims against substantially the same defendants, an additional federal derivative action, schroeder v. bracken, et al., was filed in the united states district court for the middle district of tennessee on december 16, 2011, and a state derivative action, bagot v.
bracken, et al., was filed in tennessee state court in the davidson county circuit court on december 20, 2011. the federal derivative actions were consolidated in the middle district of tennessee and stayed pending developments in the shareholder class actions. the state derivative action had also been stayed pending developments in the shareholder class actions, but that stay has expired. the plaintiff in the state derivative action subsequently filed an amended complaint on september 9, 2013 that added additional allegations made in the shareholder class actions. on september 24, 2013, an additional state derivative action, steinberg v. bracken, et al., was filed in tennessee state court in the davidson county circuit court. this action against our board of directors has been consolidated with the earlier filed state derivative action. the plaintiffs in the consolidated action filed a consolidated complaint on december 4, 2013. the company filed a motion to again stay the state derivative action pending developments in the class action, but the court did not act on the motion.
on november 3, 2015, the company reached a preliminary agreement in principle to settle the schuhshareholder class action and the sutton, schroederand bagotderivative actions. the preliminary settlement agreement provided for a resolution of all of the pending claims in the shareholder class action and the derivative suits, without any admission or concession of wrongdoing by the company or the other defendants, and was contingent upon, among other things, execution of final settlement documents, successful negotiation of certain non-monetary terms, approval by the company’s board of directors, notification to the schuhshareholder class, and preliminary and final approval of the settlements by the state and federal courts in tennessee. the federal f-30
securities class action litigation (continued)
the monetary terms of the settlement in the schuhcase include a payment by hca of $215 million in return for a full release of all claims against all defendants, including the company, its officers and directors, the underwriters and hercules holding ii, llc, a majority shareholder of the company at the time of the initial public offering. the terms of the settlement of the derivative cases include receipt by the company of $19 million from insurance policies covering the claims asserted in the derivative cases, certain corporate governance reforms and agreement by the company to pay attorneys’ fees in the aggregate amount of $5.5 million in return for releases of all claims against all defendants. in the fourth quarter of 2015, hca recorded legal claim costs, net of expected insurance recoveries, of $120 million for the expected settlements of the shareholder action, the derivative cases and related costs.
health midwest litigation in october 2009, the health care foundation of greater kansas city, a nonprofit health foundation, filed suit against hca inc. in the circuit court of jackson county, missouri and alleged that hca did not fund the level of capital expenditures and uncompensated care agreed to in connection with hca’s purchase of hospitals from health midwest in 2003. the central issue in the case was whether hca’s construction of new hospitals counted towards its
$450 million five-year capital commitment. in addition, the plaintiff alleged that hca did not make its required capital expenditures in a timely fashion. on january 24, 2013, the court ruled in favor of the plaintiff and awarded at least $162 million. the court also ordered a court-supervised accounting of hca’s capital expenditures, as well as of expenditures on charity and uncompensated care during the ten years following the purchase. the court also indicated it would award plaintiff attorneys fees, which the parties have stipulated are approximately $12
million for the trial phase. hca recorded $175 million of legal claim costs in the fourth quarter of 2012 related to this ruling, and consistent with the judge’s order, has been accruing interest on that sum at 9% per annum. on april 25, 2014, the parties stipulated to an additional $78 million shortfall relating to the capital expenditures issue. hca recorded $78 million of legal claims costs in the first quarter of 2014 as a result of the stipulation, and accrued interest on that amount at 9% per annum. pursuant to the terms of the stipulation, the parties have preserved their respective rights to contest the judge’s underlying ruling, whether through motions in the trial court or on appeal. on february 9, 2015, the parties reached an agreement to settle the part of their dispute relating to charity and uncompensated care for $15 million. the foundation is required to use that amount, net of attorneys’ fees, for charitable activities in the kansas city area. the parties also agreed on an additional amount for attorneys’ fees for the plaintiff for the accounting phase of the case. the parties filed post-trial motions, on which the court ruled on october 21, 2015. the court denied defendants’ motion to have the court change its rulings on liability and damages related to the capital expenditures issue. the court granted the plaintiff’s motion for an award of additional pre-judgment interest, but did not specify whether the interest awarded was simple interest or would be compounded. the court subsequently concluded that interest was to be compounded, and on december 9, 2015, the court entered judgment in the case in the total sum of $434 million, with interest continuing to accrue at 9% per annum, compounded annually, from and after november 19, 2015, until the matter is resolved. at december 31, 2015, the company had an accrued liability of $438 million for the damages, costs and interest related to this litigation. on january 15, 2016, the company filed a notice of appeal in the missouri court of appeals for the western district. the schedule for hearing the appeal has not yet been set.
note 11 — leases we lease medical office buildings and certain equipment under operating lease agreements. commitments relating to noncancellable operating leases for each of the next five years and thereafter are as follows (dollars in millions):
note 12 — capital stock the amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes the company to issue up to 1,800,000,000 shares of common stock, and our amended and restated by-laws set the number of directors constituting the board of directors of the company at not less than three members, the exact number to be determined from time to time by resolution adopted by the affirmative vote of a majority of the total number of directors then in office.
share repurchase transactions during october 2015, may 2015 and february 2015, our board of directors authorized share repurchase programs for up to $3.0 billion, $1.0 billion and $1.0 billion, respectively, of our outstanding common stock. during april 2015, the company entered into an agreement to repurchase 3,806,500 shares of its common stock beneficially owned by affiliates of bain capital investors, llc (the “bain entities”) and certain charitable organizations that received shares of common stock as charitable contributions from certain partners and other employees of the bain entities at a purchase price of $77.26 per share, the closing price of the company’s common stock on the new york stock exchange on april 17, 2015, less a discount of 1% (the “share repurchase”). the share repurchase was made pursuant to the february 2015 authorization. during 2015, we repurchased 28,184,700 shares of our common stock at an average price of $74.62 per share through market purchases, resulting in total repurchases pursuant to the october 2015, may 2015 and february 2015 authorizations of 31,991,200 shares of our common stock at an average price of $74.93
during december 2014, the company entered into an agreement to repurchase 7,612,900 shares of its common stock beneficially owned by affiliates of bain capital investors, llc at a purchase price of $73.26 per share, the closing price of the company’s common stock on the new york stock exchange on december 5, 2014, less a discount of
1%. the repurchase was made pursuant to the company’s $1.0 billion repurchase program adopted by the company’s board of directors in october 2014 which was completed during the fourth quarter of 2014 through market purchases of an additional 6,415,700 shares of our common stock at an average purchase price of $68.96 per share (14,028,600
note 12 — capital stock (continued)
during may 2014, certain of the company’s stockholders, consisting principally of affiliates of, or funds sponsored by, bain capital partners, llc and kohlberg kravis roberts & co. (the “selling stockholders”), sold in an underwritten secondary offering, 15 million shares from their holdings of the company’s common stock. the selling shareholders received all the proceeds from this offering. concurrent with the closing of the secondary offering, we repurchased approximately $750 million of additional shares (14,554,600 shares) of our common stock from the selling stockholders at the net offering price ($51.53 per share).
during november 2013, the selling stockholders sold, in an underwritten secondary offering, 30 million shares from their holdings of the company’s common stock. the selling stockholders received all of the proceeds from this offering. concurrent with the closing of the secondary offering, we repurchased approximately $500 million of additional shares (10,656,400 shares) of our common stock from the selling stockholders at the net offering price
note 13 — employee benefit plans we maintain contributory, defined contribution benefit plans that are available to employees who meet certain minimum requirements. certain of the plans require that we match specified percentages of participant contributions up to certain maximum levels (generally, 100% of the first 3% to 9%, depending upon years of vesting service, of compensation deferred by participants). the cost of these plans totaled $432 million for 2015, $404 million for
we maintain the noncontributory, nonqualified restoration plan to provide certain retirement benefits for eligible employees. eligibility for the restoration plan is based upon earning eligible compensation in excess of the social security wage base and attaining 1,000 or more hours of service during the plan year. company credits to participants’ account balances (the restoration plan is not funded) depend upon participants’ compensation, years of vesting service and certain irs limitations related to the hca 401(k) plan. benefits expense under this plan was
$20 million for 2015, $31 million for 2014 and $29 million for 2013. accrued benefits liabilities under this plan totaled $164 million at december 31, 2015 and $156 million at december 31, 2014.
we maintain a supplemental executive retirement plan (“serp”) for certain executives (the serp is not funded). the plan is designed to ensure that upon retirement the participant receives the value of a prescribed life annuity from the combination of the serp and our other benefit plans. benefits expense under the plan was $33 million for
2015, $31 million for 2014 and $43 million for 2013. accrued benefits liabilities under this plan totaled $207
we maintain defined benefit pension plans which resulted from certain hospital acquisitions in prior years.
benefits expense under these plans was $25 million for 2015, $13 million for 2014, and $37 million for 2013.
accrued benefits liabilities under these plans totaled $131 million at december 31, 2015 and $172 million at december 31, 2014.
note 14 — segment and geographic information we operate in one line of business, which is operating hospitals and related health care entities. we operate in two geographically organized groups: the national and american groups. at december 31, 2015, the national group included 84 hospitals located in alaska, california, florida, southern georgia, idaho, indiana, northern f-33
kentucky, nevada, new hampshire, south carolina, utah and virginia, and the american group included 78 hospitals located in colorado, northern georgia, kansas, southern kentucky, louisiana, mississippi, missouri, oklahoma, tennessee and texas. we also operate six hospitals in england, and these facilities are included in the corporate and other group.
adjusted segment ebitda is defined as income before depreciation and amortization, interest expense, losses (gains)
on sales of facilities, losses on retirement of debt, legal claim costs, income taxes and net income attributable to noncontrolling interests. we use adjusted segment ebitda as an analytical indicator for purposes of allocating resources to geographic areas and assessing their performance. adjusted segment ebitda is commonly used as an analytical indicator within the health care industry, and also serves as a measure of leverage capacity and debt service ability. adjusted segment ebitda should not be considered as a measure of financial performance under generally accepted accounting principles, and the items excluded from adjusted segment ebitda are significant components in understanding and assessing financial performance. because adjusted segment ebitda is not a measurement determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and is thus susceptible to varying calculations, adjusted segment ebitda, as presented, may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other companies. the geographic distributions of our revenues, equity in earnings of affiliates, adjusted segment ebitda, depreciation and amortization, assets and goodwill and other intangible assets are summarized in the following table (dollars in millions):
equity in earnings of affiliates:
adjusted segment ebitda:
adjusted segment ebitda                  $                             7,915    $   7,428       $   6,574
losses (gains) on sales of facilities                                      5          (29  )           10
acquisitions                                      68                13                297            378
acquisitions                                      72               428                 48            548
acquisitions                                     318                27                   —            345
unrealized                                                     change gains on              foreign                               in fair available-             currency          defined             value of for-sale          translation          benefit           derivative securities          adjustments            plans          instruments          total
securities, net of $3 income tax benefit foreign currency translation adjustments, net                  —                   12                 —                     —             12
of $6 of income taxes defined benefit plans, net of $50                 —                     —               84                     —             84
$14 and $49, respectively, income tax benefits balances at                      7                   11              (88  )              (187  )        (257  )
securities, net of $3 of income taxes foreign currency translation adjustments, net                  —                  (47  )              —                     —            (47  )
of $27 income tax benefit defined benefit plans, net of $59                 —                     —              (99  )                  —            (99  )
income tax benefit change in fair value of derivative                        —                     —                 —                  (23  )         (23  )
instruments, net of $13 income tax benefit expense reclassified into operations from other comprehensive                     —                     —               13                   84             97
and $48, respectively, income tax benefits balances at                     13                  (36  )          (174  )              (126  )        (323  )
securities, net of $1 of income taxes foreign currency translation adjustments, net                  —                  (38  )              —                     —            (38  )
of $25 income tax benefit defined benefit plans, net of $11                 —                     —               19                     —             19
instruments, net of $14 income tax benefit expense reclassified into operations from other comprehensive                     —                     —               20                   79             99
$12 and $46, respectively, income tax benefits balances at          $          13       $          (74  )    $     (135  )    $          (69  )    $   (265  )
professional liability risks    $    350    $    329
a summary of activity for the allowance of doubtful accounts follows (dollars in millions):
accounts balance       provision       written at             for       off,                balance beginning        doubtful       net of               at end allowance for doubtful accounts:         of year        accounts       recoveries          of year
the senior secured credit facilities and senior secured notes described in note 9 are jointly and severally, and fully and unconditionally guaranteed by substantially all existing and future, direct and indirect, 100% owned material domestic subsidiaries that are “unrestricted subsidiaries” under our indenture dated december 16, 1993
(except for certain special purpose subsidiaries that only guarantee and pledge their assets under our abl credit facility).
income equity in earni...         (2,352  )              —                (6  )           (40  )          2,352              (46  )
income equity in earni...         (2,003  )              —                (7  )           (36  )          2,003              (43  )
income equity in earni...         (1,675  )              —                (2  )           (27  )          1,675              (29  )
equity current liabil...
within one year
equity attrib...         (7,599  )        (18,587  )         34,510             8,457       (24,380   )        (7,599  )
equity current liabil...
within one year
equity attrib...         (7,894  )        (17,018  )         31,516             7,472       (21,970   )        (7,894  )
equity in earni...         (2,352  )              —                  —                 —             2,352                 —
health care entit...
health care entit...
bank credit facil...
with affil...
equity in earni...         (2,003  )              —                  —                 —             2,003                 —
health care entit...
health care entit...
bank credit facil...
with affil...
equity in earni...         (1,675  )              —                  —                 —             1,675                 —
health care entit...
health care entit...
bank credit facil...
with affil...
healthtrust, inc. — the hospital company (“healthtrust”) is the first-tier subsidiary of hca inc. the common stock of healthtrust has been pledged as collateral for the senior secured credit facilities and senior secured notes described in note 9. rule 3-16 of regulation s-x under the securities act requires the filing of separate financial statements for any affiliate of the registrant whose securities constitute a substantial portion of the collateral for any class of securities registered or being registered. we believe the separate financial statements requirement applies to healthtrust due to the pledge of its common stock as collateral for the senior secured notes. due to the corporate structure relationship of hca and healthtrust, hca’s operating subsidiaries are also the operating subsidiaries of healthtrust. the corporate structure relationship, combined with the application of push-down accounting in healthtrust’s consolidated financial statements related to hca’s debt and financial instruments, results in the consolidated financial statements of healthtrust being substantially identical to the consolidated financial statements of hca. the consolidated financial statements of hca and healthtrust present the identical amounts for revenues, expenses, net income, assets, liabilities, total stockholders’ deficit, net cash provided by operating activities, net cash used in investing activities and net cash used in financing activities.
certain individual line items in the hca consolidated statements of stockholders’ deficit are combined into one line item in the healthtrust consolidated statements of stockholder’s deficit.
reconciliations of the hca holdings, inc. consolidated statements of stockholders’ deficit presentation to the healthtrust, inc. — the hospital company consolidated statements of stockholder’s deficit presentation for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 are as follows (dollars in millions):
deficit:
share-based benefit plans                                                $   523       $   321       $   139
presentation in healthtrust, inc. — the hospital company consolidated statements of stockholder’s deficit:
due to the consolidated financial statements of healthtrust being substantially identical to the consolidated financial statements of hca, except for the items presented in the table above, the separate consolidated financial statements of healthtrust are not presented.
(unaudited)
(a)  first quarter results include $6 million of gains on sales of facilities (see note 3 of the notes to consolidated financial statements).
second quarter results include $3 million of losses on sales of facilities (see note 3 of the notes to
third quarter results include $2 million of losses on sales of facilities (see note 3 of the notes to
fourth quarter results include $4 million of losses on sales of facilities (see note 3 of the notes to
first quarter results include $13 million of gains on sales of facilities (see note 3 of the notes to
second quarter results include $7 million of gains on sales of facilities (see note 3 of the notes to
(g)  third quarter results include $9 million of losses on sales of facilities (see note 3 of the notes to consolidated financial statements).
fourth quarter results include $7 million of gains on sales of facilities (see note 3 of the notes to
item 7.    management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the selected financial data and the accompanying consolidated financial statements present certain information with respect to the financial position, results of operations and cash flows of hca holdings, inc. which should be read in conjunction with the following discussion and analysis. the terms “hca,” “company,” “we,” “our,” or “us,” as used herein, refer to hca holdings, inc. and its affiliates. the term “affiliates” means direct and indirect subsidiaries of hca holdings, inc. and partnerships and joint ventures in which such subsidiaries are partners.
forward-looking statements this annual report on form 10-k includes certain disclosures which contain “forward-looking statements.” forward-looking statements include statements regarding expected share-based compensation expense, expected capital expenditures, expected net claim payments and all other statements that do not relate solely to historical or current facts, and can be identified by the use of words like “may,” “believe,” “will,” “expect,” “project,” “estimate,” “anticipate,” “plan,” “initiative” or “continue.” these forward-looking statements are based on our current plans and expectations and are subject to a number of known and unknown uncertainties and risks, many of which are beyond our control, which could significantly affect current plans and expectations and our future financial position and results of operations. these factors include, but are not limited to, (1) the impact of our substantial indebtedness and the ability to refinance such indebtedness on acceptable terms, (2) the effects related to the implementation of the patient protection and affordable care act, as amended by the health care and education reconciliation act of 2010 (collectively, the “health reform law”), possible delays in or complications related to implementation of the health reform law, court challenges, the possible enactment of additional federal or state health care reforms and possible changes to the health reform law and other federal, state or local laws or regulations affecting the health care industry, (3) the effects related to the continued implementation of the sequestration spending reductions required under the budget control act of 2011, and related legislation extending these reductions, and the potential for future deficit reduction legislation that may alter these spending reductions, which include cuts to medicare payments, or create additional spending reductions, (4) increases in the amount and risk of collectability of uninsured accounts and deductibles and copayment amounts for insured accounts, (5) the ability to achieve operating and financial targets, and attain expected levels of patient volumes and control the costs of providing services, (6) possible changes in medicare, medicaid and other state programs, including medicaid upper payment limit programs or waiver programs, that may impact reimbursements to health care providers and insurers, (7) the highly competitive nature of the health care business, (8) changes in service mix, revenue mix and surgical volumes, including potential declines in the population covered under managed care agreements, the ability to enter into and renew managed care provider agreements on acceptable terms and the impact of consumer driven health plans and physician utilization trends and practices, (9) the efforts of insurers, health care providers and others to contain health care costs, (10) the outcome of our continuing efforts to monitor, maintain and comply with appropriate laws, regulations, policies and procedures, (11) increases in wages and the ability to attract and retain qualified management and personnel, including affiliated physicians, nurses and medical and technical support personnel, (12) the availability and terms of capital to fund the expansion of our business and improvements to our existing facilities, (13) changes in accounting practices, (14) changes in general economic conditions nationally and regionally in our markets, (15) the emergence and effects related to infectious diseases, (16) future divestitures which may result in charges and possible impairments of long-lived assets, (17) changes in business strategy or development plans, (18) delays in receiving payments for services provided, (19) the outcome of pending and any future tax audits, disputes and litigation associated with our tax positions, (20) potential adverse impact of known and unknown government investigations, litigation and other claims that may be made against us, (21) our ongoing ability to demonstrate meaningful use of certified ehr technology, and (22) other risk factors described in this annual
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
report on form 10-k. as a consequence, current plans, anticipated actions and future financial position and results of operations may differ from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of hca. you are cautioned not to unduly rely on such forward-looking statements when evaluating the information presented in this report.
2015 operations summary net income attributable to hca holdings, inc. totaled $2.129 billion, or $4.99 per diluted share, for 2015, compared to $1.875 billion, or $4.16 per diluted share, for 2014. the 2015 results include losses on retirement of debt of $135 million, or $0.20 per diluted share, legal claim costs of $249 million, or $0.37 per diluted share, and net losses on sales of facilities of $5 million. the 2014 results include net gains on sales of facilities of $29 million, or $0.04 per diluted share, losses on retirement of debt of $335 million, or $0.47 per diluted share, and legal claim costs of $78 million, or $0.11 per diluted share. all “per diluted share” disclosures are based upon amounts net of the applicable income taxes. shares used for diluted earnings per share were 426.721 million shares and 450.352 million shares for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. during 2015, we repurchased 31.991 million shares of our common stock.
revenues increased to $39.678 billion for 2015 from $36.918 billion for 2014. revenues increased 7.5% and 6.4%, respectively, on a consolidated basis and on a same facility basis for 2015, compared to 2014. the consolidated revenues increase can be primarily attributed to the combined impact of a 1.8% increase in revenue per equivalent admission and a 5.5% increase in equivalent admissions. the same facility revenues increase resulted primarily from a 1.7% increase in same facility revenue per equivalent admission and a 4.6% increase in same facility equivalent admissions.
during 2015, consolidated admissions increased 4.1% and same facility admissions increased 3.4%, compared to 2014. inpatient surgical volumes increased 2.1% on both a consolidated and same facility basis during 2015, compared to 2014. outpatient surgical volumes increased 2.0% on a consolidated basis and increased 1.6% on a same facility basis during 2015, compared to 2014. emergency room visits increased 8.0% on a consolidated basis and increased 7.0% on a same facility basis during 2015, compared to 2014.
for 2015, the provision for doubtful accounts increased $744 million, compared to 2014. the self-pay revenue deductions for charity care and uninsured discounts declined $93 million and increased $1.693 billion, respectively, for 2015, compared to 2014. the sum of the provision for doubtful accounts, uninsured discounts and charity care, as a percentage of the sum of revenues, the provision for doubtful accounts, uninsured discounts and charity care, was 31.5% for 2015, compared to 30.2% for 2014. same facility uninsured admissions increased 4.5% and same facility uninsured emergency room visits increased 1.2% for 2015, compared to 2014. same facility uninsured admissions declined 9.4% and same facility uninsured emergency room visits declined 6.6% for 2014, compared to 2013. we believe the reversal of the 2014 declines during 2015 was primarily due to the anniversary of the benefits from the health insurance exchanges and medicaid expansion programs that we began realizing during the second quarter of 2014.
cash flows from operating activities increased $286 million, from $4.448 billion for 2014 to $4.734 billion for 2015. the increase in cash flows from operating activities was primarily related to the net impact of an increase in net income of $323 million and net negative changes in working capital items of $59 million.
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
business strategy we are committed to providing the communities we serve with high quality, cost-effective health care while growing our business, increasing our profitability and creating long-term value for our stockholders. to achieve these objectives, we align our efforts around the following growth agenda:
grow our presence in existing markets. we believe we are well positioned in a number of large and growing markets that will allow us the opportunity to generate long-term, attractive growth through the expansion of our presence in these markets. we plan to continue recruiting and strategically collaborating with the physician community and adding attractive service lines such as cardiology, emergency services, oncology and women’s services. additional components of our growth strategy include expanding our footprint through developing various outpatient access points, including surgery centers, urgent care clinics, freestanding emergency departments and walk-in clinics.
achieve industry-leading performance in clinical and satisfaction measures. achieving high levels of patient safety, patient satisfaction and clinical quality are central goals of our business model. to achieve these goals, we have implemented a number of initiatives including infection reduction initiatives, hospitalist programs, advanced health information technology and evidence-based medicine programs. we routinely analyze operational practices from our best-performing hospitals to identify ways to implement organization-wide performance improvements and reduce clinical variation. we believe these initiatives will continue to improve patient care, help us achieve cost efficiencies, grow our revenues and favorably position us in an environment where our constituents are increasingly focused on quality, efficacy and efficiency.
recruit and employ physicians to meet need for high quality health services. we depend on the quality and dedication of the health care providers and other team members who serve at our facilities. we believe a critical component of our growth strategy is our ability to successfully recruit and strategically collaborate with physicians and other professionals to provide high quality care. we attract and retain physicians by providing high quality, convenient facilities with advanced technology, by expanding our specialty services and by building our outpatient operations. we believe our continued investment in the employment, recruitment and retention of physicians will improve the quality of care at our facilities.
continue to leverage our scale and market positions to enhance profitability. we believe there is significant opportunity to continue to grow the profitability of our company by fully leveraging the scale and scope of our franchise. we are currently pursuing next generation performance improvement initiatives such as contracting for services on a multistate basis and expanding our support infrastructure for additional clinical and support functions, such as physician credentialing, medical transcription and electronic medical recordkeeping. we believe our centrally managed business processes and ability to leverage cost-saving practices across our extensive network will enable us to continue to manage costs effectively. we continue to invest in our parallon subsidiary group to leverage key components of our support infrastructure, including revenue cycle management, health care group purchasing, supply chain management and staffing functions and are offering many of these services to other hospital companies.
selectively pursue a disciplined development strategy. we continue to believe there are significant growth opportunities in our markets. we will continue to provide financial and operational resources to analyze and develop our in-market opportunities. to complement our in-market growth agenda, we intend to focus on selectively developing and acquiring new hospitals, outpatient facilities and other health care service providers. we believe the challenges faced by the hospital industry may spur consolidation and we believe our size, scale, national presence and access to capital will position us well to participate in any such consolidation. we have a
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
strong record of successfully acquiring and integrating hospitals and entering into joint ventures and intend to continue leveraging this experience.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent liabilities and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses. our estimates are based on historical experience and various other assumptions we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. we evaluate our estimates on an ongoing basis and make changes to the estimates and related disclosures as experience develops or new information becomes known. actual results may differ from these estimates.
we believe the following critical accounting policies affect our more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements.
revenues revenues are recorded during the period the health care services are provided, based upon the estimated amounts due from payers. estimates of contractual allowances under managed care health plans are based upon the payment terms specified in the related contractual agreements. laws and regulations governing the medicare and medicaid programs are complex and subject to interpretation. the estimated reimbursement amounts are made on a payer-specific basis and are recorded based on the best information available regarding management’s interpretation of the applicable laws, regulations and contract terms. management continually reviews the contractual estimation process to consider and incorporate updates to laws and regulations and the frequent changes in managed care contractual terms resulting from contract renegotiations and renewals. we have invested significant resources to refine and improve our billing systems and the information system data used to make contractual allowance estimates. we have developed standardized calculation processes and related training programs to improve the utility of our patient accounting systems.
the emergency medical treatment and labor act (“emtala”) requires any hospital participating in the medicare program to conduct an appropriate medical screening examination of every person who presents to the hospital’s emergency room for treatment and, if the individual is suffering from an emergency medical condition, to either stabilize the condition or make an appropriate transfer of the individual to a facility able to handle the condition. the obligation to screen and stabilize emergency medical conditions exists regardless of an individual’s ability to pay for treatment. federal and state laws and regulations, including but not limited to emtala, require, and our commitment to providing quality patient care encourages, the provision of services to patients who are financially unable to pay for the health care services they receive. the health reform law requires health plans to reimburse hospitals for emergency services provided to enrollees without prior authorization and without regard to whether a participating provider contract is in place. further, the health reform law contains provisions that seek to decrease the number of uninsured individuals, including requirements or incentives for individuals to obtain, and large employers to provide, insurance coverage. these mandates are reducing the financial impact of screening for and stabilizing emergency medical conditions. however, many factors are continuing to develop regarding the impact of the health reform law, including how many previously uninsured individuals will obtain and maintain coverage as a result of the law, the change, if any, in the volume of inpatient and outpatient hospital services that are sought by and provided to previously uninsured individuals and overall changes in the payer mix.
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
critical accounting policies and estimates (continued)
we do not pursue collection of amounts related to patients who meet our guidelines to qualify as charity care; therefore, they are not reported in revenues. patients treated at our hospitals for nonelective care, who have income at or below 200% of the federal poverty level, are eligible for charity care. the federal poverty level is established by the federal government and is based on income and family size. we provide discounts from our gross charges to uninsured patients who do not qualify for medicaid or charity care. after the discounts are applied, we are still unable to collect a significant portion of uninsured patients’ accounts, and we record significant provisions for doubtful accounts (based upon our historical collection experience) related to uninsured patients in the period the services are provided.
due to the complexities involved in the classification and documentation of health care services authorized and provided, the estimation of revenues earned and the related reimbursement are often subject to interpretations that could result in payments that are different from our estimates. adjustments to estimated medicare and medicaid reimbursement amounts and disproportionate-share funds, which resulted in net increases to revenues, related primarily to cost reports filed during the respective year were $48 million, $50 million and $41 million in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the adjustments to estimated reimbursement amounts, which resulted in net increases to revenues, related primarily to cost reports filed during previous years were $85 million, $53 million and $68 million in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. we expect adjustments during the next 12 months related to medicare and medicaid cost report filings and settlements will result in increases to revenues generally similar to the amounts recorded during these years.
provision for doubtful accounts and the allowance for doubtful accounts the collection of outstanding receivables from medicare, medicaid, managed care payers, other third-party payers and patients is our primary source of cash and is critical to our operating performance. the primary collection risks relate to uninsured patient accounts, including patient accounts for which the primary insurance carrier has paid the amounts covered by the applicable agreement, but patient responsibility amounts (deductibles and copayments) remain outstanding. the provision for doubtful accounts and the allowance for doubtful accounts relate primarily to amounts due directly from patients. an estimated allowance for doubtful accounts is recorded for all uninsured accounts, regardless of the aging of those accounts. accounts are written off when all reasonable internal and external collection efforts have been performed. our collection policies include a review of all accounts against certain standard collection criteria, upon completion of our primary internal collection efforts. accounts determined to possess positive collectibility attributes are forwarded to a secondary internal or external collection agency and the other accounts are written off. the accounts that are not collected by the secondary collection agency are written off when secondary collection efforts are completed (usually within 12 months). writeoffs are based upon specific identification and the writeoff process requires a writeoff adjustment entry to the patient accounting system. we do not pursue collection of amounts related to patients that meet our guidelines to qualify as charity care.
the amount of the provision for doubtful accounts is based upon management’s assessment of historical writeoffs and expected net collections, business and economic conditions, trends in federal, state, and private employer health care coverage and other collection indicators. management relies on the results of detailed reviews of historical writeoffs and recoveries at facilities that represent a majority of our revenues and accounts receivable (the “hindsight analysis”) as a primary source of information in estimating the collectibility of our accounts receivable. we perform the hindsight analysis quarterly, utilizing rolling twelve-months accounts
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
critical accounting policies and estimates (continued)
receivable collection and writeoff data. we believe our quarterly updates to the estimated allowance for doubtful accounts at each of our hospital facilities provide reasonable valuations of our accounts receivable. these routine, quarterly changes in estimates have not resulted in material adjustments to our allowance for doubtful accounts, provision for doubtful accounts or period-to-period comparisons of our results of operations. at december 31, 2015 and 2014, the allowance for doubtful accounts represented approximately 94.5% of the $5.636 billion and 91.4% of the $5.482 billion, respectively, patient due accounts receivable balance. the patient due accounts receivable balance represents the estimated uninsured portion of our accounts receivable. the estimated uninsured portion of medicaid pending and uninsured discount pending accounts is included in our patient due accounts receivable balance.
to quantify the total impact of and trends related to uninsured accounts, we believe it is beneficial to view the revenue deductions related to uninsured accounts (charity care and uninsured discounts) and provision for doubtful accounts in combination, rather than each separately. a summary of these amounts for the years ended december 31, follows (dollars in millions):
charity care                                $3,682            $3,775            $3,497
the sum of the provision for doubtful accounts, uninsured discounts and charity care, as a percentage of the sum of revenues, the provision for doubtful accounts, uninsured discounts and charity care was 31.5% for 2015, 30.2% for 2014 and 31.3% for 2013. we believe the decline from 2013 to 2014 was primarily due to previously uninsured patients obtaining medical coverage through the health insurance exchanges and medicaid expansion programs. we believe the increase from 2014 to 2015 was primarily due to the anniversary of the benefits from the health insurance exchanges and medicaid expansion programs that we began realizing during 2014.
days revenues in accounts receivable were 53 days, 54 days and 54 days at december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. management expects a continuation of the challenges related to the collection of the patient due accounts. adverse changes in the percentage of our patients having adequate health care coverage, increases in patient responsibility amounts under certain health care coverages, general economic conditions, patient accounting service center operations, payer mix, or trends in federal, state, and private employer health care coverage could affect the collection of accounts receivable, cash flows and results of operations.
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
critical accounting policies and estimates (continued)
professional liability claims we, along with virtually all health care providers, operate in an environment with professional liability risks. our facilities are insured by our 100% owned insurance subsidiary for losses up to $50 million per occurrence, subject to a $15 million per occurrence self-insured retention. the insurance subsidiary has obtained reinsurance for professional liability risks generally above a retention level of $25 million per occurrence. we purchase excess insurance on a claims-made basis for losses in excess of $50 million per occurrence. provisions for losses related to professional liability risks were $344 million, $395 million and $314 million for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
reserves for professional liability risks represent the estimated ultimate cost of all reported and unreported losses incurred through the respective consolidated balance sheet dates. the estimated ultimate cost includes estimates of direct expenses and fees paid to outside counsel and experts, but does not include the general overhead costs of our insurance subsidiary or corporate office. individual case reserves are established based upon the particular circumstances of each reported claim and represent our estimates of the future costs that will be paid on reported claims. case reserves are reduced as claim payments are made and are adjusted upward or downward as our estimates regarding the amounts of future losses are revised. once the case reserves for known claims are determined, information is stratified by loss layers and retentions, accident years, reported years, and geographic location of our hospitals. several actuarial methods are employed to utilize this data to produce estimates of ultimate losses and reserves for incurred but not reported claims, including: paid and incurred extrapolation methods utilizing paid and incurred loss development to estimate ultimate losses; frequency and severity methods utilizing paid and incurred claims development to estimate ultimate average frequency (number of claims) and ultimate average severity (cost per claim); and bornhuetter-ferguson methods which add expected development to actual paid or incurred experience to estimate ultimate losses. these methods use our company-specific historical claims data and other information. company-specific claim reporting and payment data collected over an approximate 20-year period is used in our reserve estimation process. this company-specific
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
critical accounting policies and estimates (continued)
professional liability claims (continued)
data includes information regarding our business, including historical paid losses and loss adjustment expenses, historical and current case loss reserves, actual and projected hospital statistical data, professional liability retentions for each policy year, geographic information and other data.
reserves and provisions for professional liability risks are based upon actuarially determined estimates. the estimated reserve ranges, net of amounts receivable under reinsurance contracts, were $1.294 billion to $1.548 billion at december 31, 2015 and $1.229 billion to $1.469 billion at december 31, 2014. our estimated reserves for professional liability claims may change significantly if future claims differ from expected trends. we perform sensitivity analyses which model the volatility of key actuarial assumptions and monitor our reserves for adequacy relative to all our assumptions in the aggregate. based on our analysis, we believe the estimated professional liability reserve ranges represent the reasonably likely outcomes for ultimate losses. we consider the number and severity of claims to be the most significant assumptions in estimating reserves for professional liabilities. a 2% change in the expected frequency trend could be reasonably likely and would increase the reserve estimate by $20 million or reduce the reserve estimate by $19 million. a 2% change in the expected claim severity trend could be reasonably likely and would increase the reserve estimate by $78 million or reduce the reserve estimate by $73 million. we believe adequate reserves have been recorded for our professional liability claims; however, due to the complexity of the claims, the extended period of time to resolve the claims and the wide range of potential outcomes, our ultimate liability for professional liability claims could change by more than the estimated sensitivity amounts and could change materially from our current estimates.
the reserves for professional liability risks cover approximately 2,700 individual claims at both december 31, 2015 and 2014 and estimates for unreported potential claims. the time period required to resolve these claims can vary depending upon the jurisdiction and whether the claim is settled or litigated. the average time period between the occurrence and final resolution for our professional liability claims is approximately five years, although the facts and circumstances of each individual claim can result in an occurrence-to-resolution timeframe that varies from this average. the estimation of the timing of payments beyond a year can vary significantly.
reserves for professional liability risks were $1.465 billion and $1.407 billion at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. the current portion of these reserves, $350 million and $329 million at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, is included in “other accrued expenses.” obligations covered by reinsurance and excess insurance contracts are included in the reserves for professional liability risks, as we remain liable to the extent reinsurers and excess insurance carriers do not meet their obligations. reserves for professional liability risks (net of $44 million and $25 million receivable under reinsurance and excess insurance contracts at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively) were $1.421 billion and $1.382 billion at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. the estimated total net reserves for professional liability risks at december 31, 2015 and 2014 are comprised of $863 million and $746 million, respectively, of case reserves for known claims and $558 million and $636 million, respectively, of reserves for incurred but not reported claims.
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
critical accounting policies and estimates (continued)
professional liability claims (continued)
changes in our professional liability reserves, net of reinsurance recoverable, for the years ended december 31, are summarized in the following table (dollars in millions):
net reserves for professional liability claims, january 1                   $1,382              $1,255          $1,248
net reserves for professional liability claims, december 31                 $1,421              $1,382          $1,255
income taxes we calculate our provision for income taxes using the asset and liability method, under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized by identifying the temporary differences that arise from the recognition of items in different periods for tax and accounting purposes. deferred tax assets generally represent the tax effects of amounts expensed in our income statement for which tax deductions will be claimed in future periods.
although we believe we have properly reported taxable income and paid taxes in accordance with applicable laws, federal, state or international taxing authorities may challenge our tax positions upon audit. significant judgment is required in determining and assessing the impact of uncertain tax positions. we report a liability for unrecognized tax benefits from uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken in our income tax return. during each reporting period, we assess the facts and circumstances related to uncertain tax positions. if the realization of unrecognized tax benefits is deemed probable based upon new facts and circumstances, the estimated liability and the provision for income taxes are reduced in the current period. final audit results may vary from our estimates.
results of operations revenue/volume trends our revenues depend upon inpatient occupancy levels, the ancillary services and therapy programs ordered by physicians and provided to patients, the volume of outpatient procedures and the charge and negotiated payment rates for such services. gross charges typically do not reflect what our facilities are actually paid. our facilities have entered into agreements with third-party payers, including government programs and managed care health plans, under which the facilities are paid based upon the cost of providing services, predetermined rates per diagnosis, fixed per diem rates or discounts from gross charges. we do not pursue collection of amounts related to patients who meet our guidelines to qualify for charity care; therefore, they are not reported in revenues. we provide discounts to uninsured patients who do not qualify for medicaid or charity care.
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
impact of a 1.8% increase in revenue per equivalent admission and a 5.5% increase in equivalent admissions compared to the prior year. the increase in revenues in 2014 can be primarily attributed to the combined impact of a 3.8% increase in revenue per equivalent admission and a 4.0% increase in equivalent admissions compared to 2013. we recorded $142 million of medicaid revenues during the second quarter of 2014 related to the receipt of reimbursements in excess of our estimates for the indigent care component of the texas medicaid waiver program for the program year ended september 30, 2013. we recorded $94 million of medicare revenues during the third quarter of 2014 as the settlement amount for certain claims denied by recovery audit contractor (“rac”) entities conducting reviews on behalf of cms and pending in the appeals process. cms offered an administrative agreement to providers willing to withdraw their pending appeals in exchange for a timely partial payment (generally, 68% of the claim amount, subject to certain adjustments), which we accepted during 2014. all revenue amounts and revenue-related statistics for the year ended december 31, 2014 include the impact of these two items that resulted in increases to revenues.
same facility revenues increased 6.4% for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014 and increased 6.9% for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. the 6.4% increase for 2015 can be primarily attributed to the combined impact of a 1.7% increase in same facility revenue per equivalent admission and a 4.6% increase in same facility equivalent admissions. the 6.9% increase for 2014 can be primarily attributed to the combined impact of a 3.9% increase in same facility revenue per equivalent admission and a 2.9% increase in same facility equivalent admissions.
consolidated admissions increased 4.1% in 2015 compared to 2014 and increased 2.9% in 2014 compared to 2013. consolidated inpatient surgeries increased 2.1% and consolidated outpatient surgeries increased 2.0% during 2015 compared to 2014. consolidated inpatient surgeries increased 2.0% and consolidated outpatient surgeries increased 1.1% during 2014 compared to 2013. consolidated emergency room visits increased 8.0% during 2015 compared to 2014 and increased 6.9% during 2014 compared to 2013.
same facility admissions increased 3.4% in 2015 compared to 2014 and increased 2.1% in 2014 compared to 2013. same facility inpatient surgeries increased 2.1% and same facility outpatient surgeries increased 1.6% during 2015 compared to 2014. same facility inpatient surgeries increased 1.3% and same facility outpatient surgeries declined 0.1% during 2014 compared to 2013. same facility emergency room visits increased 7.0% during 2015 compared to 2014 and increased 5.8% during 2014 compared to 2013.
same facility uninsured emergency room visits increased 1.2% and same facility uninsured admissions increased 4.5% during 2015 compared to 2014. we believe these increases were primarily due to the anniversary of the declines experienced during 2014 as some previously uninsured patients obtained medical coverage through health insurance exchanges and medicaid expansion programs. same facility uninsured emergency room visits declined 6.6% and same facility uninsured admissions declined 9.4% during 2014 compared to 2013. we believe these declines were primarily due to some previously uninsured patients obtaining medical coverage through the health insurance exchanges and medicaid expansion programs.
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
at december 31, 2015, we owned and operated 43 hospitals and 33 surgery centers in the state of florida. our florida facilities’ revenues totaled $9.059 billion, $8.336 billion and $7.551 billion for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. at december 31, 2015, we owned and operated 38 hospitals and 25 surgery centers in the state of texas. our texas facilities’ revenues totaled $9.517 billion, $8.706 billion and $8.192 billion for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. during 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively, 56%, 56% and 55% of our admissions and 47%, 46% and 46% of our revenues were generated by our florida and texas facilities. uninsured admissions in florida and texas represented 68%, 66% and 62% of our uninsured admissions during 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
for medicare & medicaid services (“cms”) approved a medicaid waiver that allows texas to continue receiving supplemental medicaid reimbursement while expanding its medicaid managed care program. although texas currently operates its medicaid waiver program pursuant to this waiver, the current waiver expires on september 30, 2016. texas has submitted an application to extend its waiver program, but cms has not issued a decision on the extension request. we cannot predict whether the texas medicaid waiver program will be extended, be revised or that revenues recognized from the program will not decline.
the texas waiver program includes two primary components: an indigent care component and a delivery system reform incentive payment (“dsrip”) component. initiatives under the dsrip program are designed to provide incentive payments to hospitals and other providers for their investments in delivery system reforms that increase access to health care, improve the quality of care and enhance the health of patients and families they serve. we provide indigent care services in several communities in the state of texas, in affiliation with other hospitals. the state of texas has been involved in efforts to increase the indigent care provided by private hospitals. as a result of additional indigent care being provided by private hospitals, public hospital districts or counties in texas have available funds that were previously devoted to indigent care. the public hospital districts or counties are under no contractual or legal obligation to provide such indigent care. the public hospital districts or counties have elected to transfer some portion of these available funds to the state’s medicaid program. such action is at the sole discretion of the public hospital districts or counties. it is anticipated that these contributions to the state will be matched with federal medicaid funds. the state then may make supplemental payments to hospitals in the state for medicaid services rendered. hospitals receiving medicaid supplemental payments may include those that are providing additional indigent care services. our texas medicaid revenues included $347 million ($95 million dsrip related and $252 million indigent care related), $488 million ($97 million dsrip related and $391 million indigent care related) and $393 million ($76 million dsrip related and $317 million indigent care related) during 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively, of medicaid supplemental payments.
in the second quarter of 2014, we recorded $142 million of medicaid revenues related to the receipt of reimbursements in excess of our estimates for the indigent care component of the texas medicaid waiver program for the program year ended september 30, 2013. on october 1, 2014, the texas health and human services commission (“thhsc”) issued a notice to hospitals participating in the texas medicaid waiver program indicating that a review conducted by cms identified certain local government/hospital affiliations it believed may be inconsistent with the waiver. in addition, cms notified thhsc that it would defer the federal portion of the medicaid payments associated with the affiliations while it completes the review, a measure that has since been lifted. during the fourth quarter of 2014, due to the updated information and the receipt of a program payment during december, we reversed the $68 million reduction to medicaid revenues recorded in the third quarter of 2014.
in addition, we receive supplemental payments in several other states. we are aware these supplemental payment programs are currently being reviewed by certain state agencies and some states have made waiver requests to cms to replace their existing supplemental payment programs. it is possible these reviews and waiver requests will result in the restructuring of such supplemental payment programs and could result in the payment programs being reduced or eliminated. because deliberations about these programs are ongoing, we are unable to estimate the financial impact the program structure modifications, if any, may have on our results of operations.
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
electronic health record incentive payments the american recovery and reinvestment act of 2009 provides for medicare and medicaid incentive payments, beginning in 2011, for eligible hospitals and professionals that adopt and meaningfully use certified electronic health record (“ehr”) technology. we recognize income related to medicare and medicaid incentive payments using a gain contingency model that is based upon when our eligible hospitals have demonstrated meaningful use of certified ehr technology for the applicable period and the cost report information for the full cost report year that will determine the final calculation of the incentive payment is available.
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
salaries and benefits                                          18,115               45.7                16,641               45.1                15,646               45.8
equity in earnings of affiliates                                  (46   )           (0.1   )               (43   )           (0.1   )               (29   )           (0.1   )
losses (gains) on sales of facilities                               5                  —                   (29   )           (0.1   )                10                  —
same facility % changes from prior year(c):
(a)   represents the total number of patients admitted to our hospitals and is used by management and certain investors as a general measure of inpatient volume.
(c)   same facility information excludes the operations of hospitals and their related facilities that were either acquired, divested or removed from service during the current and prior year.
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
net income attributable to hca holdings, inc. totaled $2.129 billion, or $4.99 per diluted share, for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $1.875 billion, or $4.16 per diluted share, for the year ended december 31, 2014. financial results for 2015 include losses on retirement of debt of $135 million, or $0.20 per diluted share, legal claim costs of $249 million, or $0.37 per diluted share, and net losses on sales of facilities of $5 million. financial results for the year ended december 31, 2014 include net gains on sales of facilities of $29 million, or $0.04 per diluted share, losses on retirement of debt of $335 million, or $0.47 per diluted share, and legal claim costs of $78 million, or $0.11 per diluted share. all “per diluted share” disclosures are based upon amounts net of the applicable income taxes. shares used for diluted earnings per share were 426.721 million shares and 450.352 million shares for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. during 2015, we repurchased 31.991 million shares of our common stock.
during 2015, consolidated admissions increased 4.1% and same facility admissions increased 3.4% compared to 2014. consolidated and same facility inpatient surgeries each increased 2.1% during 2015 compared to 2014. consolidated outpatient surgeries increased 2.0%, and same facility outpatient surgeries increased 1.6% during 2015 compared to 2014. emergency room visits increased 8.0% on a consolidated basis and increased 7.0% on a same facility basis during 2015 compared to 2014.
revenues before provision for doubtful accounts increased 8.7% to $43.591 billion for 2015 from $40.087 billion for 2014. the provision for doubtful accounts increased $744 million from $3.169 billion in 2014 to $3.913 billion in 2015. the provision for doubtful accounts and the allowance for doubtful accounts relate primarily to uninsured amounts due directly from patients, including copayment and deductible amounts for patients who have health care coverage. the self-pay revenue deductions for charity care and uninsured discounts declined $93 million and increased $1.693 billion, respectively, during 2015 compared to 2014. the sum of the provision for doubtful accounts, uninsured discounts and charity care, as a percentage of the sum of revenues, the provision for doubtful accounts, uninsured discounts and charity care, was 31.5% for 2015 compared to 30.2% for 2014. at december 31, 2015, our allowance for doubtful accounts represented approximately 94.5% of the $5.636 billion total patient due accounts receivable balance, including accounts, net of estimated contractual discounts, related to patients for which eligibility for medicaid coverage or uninsured discounts was being evaluated.
revenues increased 7.5% to $39.678 billion for 2015 from $36.918 billion for 2014. the increase in revenues was due primarily to the combined impact of a 1.8% increase in revenue per equivalent admission and a 5.5% increase in equivalent admissions compared to 2014. same facility revenues increased 6.4% due primarily to the combined impact of a 1.7% increase in same facility revenue per equivalent admission and a 4.6% increase in same facility equivalent admissions compared to 2014. we recorded $142 million of medicaid revenues during the second quarter of 2014 related to the receipt of reimbursements in excess of our estimates for the indigent care component of the texas medicaid waiver program for the program year ended september 30, 2013. we recorded $94 million of medicare revenues during the third quarter of 2014 as the settlement amount for certain claims denied by recovery audit contractor (“rac”) entities conducting reviews on behalf of cms and pending in the appeals process. cms offered an administrative agreement to providers willing to withdraw their pending appeals in exchange for a timely partial payment (generally, 68% of the claim amount, subject to certain adjustments), which we accepted during 2014. all revenue amounts and revenue-related statistics for the year ended december 31, 2014 include the impact of these two items that resulted in increases to revenues.
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
salaries and benefits, as a percentage of revenues, were 45.7% in 2015 and 45.1% in 2014. salaries and benefits per equivalent admission increased 3.1% in 2015 compared to 2014. same facility labor rate increases averaged 2.8% for 2015 compared to 2014. share-based compensation expense increased from $163 million in 2014 to $239 million in 2015, and we expect the 2016 expense will increase by approximately $40 million.
supplies, as a percentage of revenues, were 16.7% in 2015 and 17.0% in 2014. supply costs per equivalent admission increased 0.4% in 2015 compared to 2014. supply costs per equivalent admission increased 1.0% for medical devices and 4.0% for pharmacy supplies and declined 1.0% for general medical and surgical items in 2015 compared to 2014.
other operating expenses, as a percentage of revenues, was 17.9% in 2015 and 18.2% in 2014. other operating expenses are primarily comprised of contract services, professional fees, repairs and maintenance, rents and leases, utilities, insurance (including professional liability insurance) and nonincome taxes. provisions for losses related to professional liability risks were $344 million and $395 million for 2015 and 2014, respectively, and the expense decline in 2015 was primarily due to favorable development related to prior years’ claims.
equity in earnings of affiliates was $46 million for 2015 and $43 million for 2014.
net losses on sales of facilities were $5 million for 2015 and related to sales of real estate and other investments. net gains on sales of facilities were $29 million for 2014 and related to the sale of a hospital facility and sales of real estate and other investments.
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
we recorded $120 million of legal claim costs during 2015 to settle a securities class action lawsuit and related derivative actions. we also recorded $129 million of legal claim costs during 2015 related to the health midwest litigation for additional court-awarded interest costs. we recorded $78 million of legal claim costs during 2014 related to the health midwest litigation.
the effective tax rate was 37.2% for both 2015 and 2014. the effective tax rate computations exclude net income attributable to noncontrolling interests as it relates to consolidated partnerships.
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests increased from $498 million for 2014 to $567 million for 2015. the increase in net income attributable to noncontrolling interests related primarily to joint ventures in our united kingdom market, a texas market and an oklahoma market.
net income attributable to hca holdings, inc. totaled $1.875 billion, or $4.16 per diluted share, for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to $1.556 billion, or $3.37 per diluted share, for the year ended december 31, 2013. financial results for 2014 include net gains on sales of facilities of $29 million, or $0.04 per diluted share, losses on retirement of debt of $335 million, or $0.47 per diluted share, and legal claim costs of $78 million, or $0.11 per diluted share. financial results for 2013 include net losses on sales of facilities of $10 million, or $0.02 per diluted share, and a loss on retirement of debt of $17 million, or $0.02 per diluted share. all “per diluted share” disclosures are based upon amounts net of the applicable income taxes. shares used for diluted earnings per share were 450.352 million shares and 461.913 million shares for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. during 2014, we repurchased 28.583 million shares of our common stock.
during 2014, consolidated admissions increased 2.9% and same facility admissions increased 2.1% compared to 2013. consolidated inpatient surgeries increased 2.0%, and same facility inpatient surgeries increased 1.3% during 2014 compared to 2013. consolidated outpatient surgeries increased 1.1%, and same facility outpatient surgeries declined 0.1% during 2014 compared to 2013. emergency room visits increased 6.9% on a consolidated basis and increased 5.8% on a same facility basis during 2014 compared to 2013.
revenues before provision for doubtful accounts increased 5.4% to $40.087 billion for 2014 from $38.040 billion for 2013. the provision for doubtful accounts declined $689 million from $3.858 billion in 2013 to $3.169 billion in 2014. the provision for doubtful accounts and the allowance for doubtful accounts relate primarily to uninsured amounts due directly from patients, including copayment and deductible amounts for patients who have health care coverage. the self-pay revenue deductions for charity care and uninsured discounts increased $278 million and $789 million, respectively, during 2014 compared to 2013. the sum of the provision for doubtful accounts, uninsured discounts and charity care, as a percentage of the sum of revenues, the provision for doubtful accounts, uninsured discounts and charity care, was 30.2% for 2014 compared to 31.3% for 2013. at december 31, 2014, our allowance for doubtful accounts represented approximately 91.4% of the $5.482 billion total patient due accounts receivable balance, including accounts, net of estimated contractual discounts, related to patients for which eligibility for medicaid coverage or uninsured discounts was being evaluated.
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
4.0% increase in equivalent admissions compared to 2013. same facility revenues increased 6.9% due primarily to the combined impact of a 3.9% increase in same facility revenue per equivalent admission and a 2.9% increase in same facility equivalent admissions compared to 2013. we recorded $142 million of medicaid revenues during the second quarter of 2014 related to the receipt of reimbursements in excess of our estimates for the indigent care component of the texas medicaid waiver program for the program year ended september 30, 2013. we recorded $94 million of medicare revenues during the third quarter of 2014 as the estimated settlement amount for certain claims denied by recovery audit contractor (“rac”) entities conducting reviews on behalf of cms and pending in the appeals process. cms offered an administrative agreement to providers willing to withdraw their pending appeals in exchange for a timely partial payment (generally, 68% of the claim amount, subject to certain adjustments), which we accepted during 2014. all revenue amounts and revenue-related statistics for the year ended december 31, 2014 include the impact of these two items that resulted in increases to revenues.
salaries and benefits, as a percentage of revenues, were 45.1% in 2014 and 45.8% in 2013. salaries and benefits per equivalent admission increased 2.3% in 2014 compared to 2013. same facility labor rate increases averaged 2.3% for 2014 compared to 2013. share-based compensation expense increased from $113 million in 2013 to $163 million in 2014.
supplies, as a percentage of revenues, were 17.0% in 2014 and 17.5% in 2013. supply costs per equivalent admission increased 0.9% in 2014 compared to 2013. supply costs per equivalent admission increased 1.4% for medical devices, 2.7% for pharmacy supplies and 0.4% for general medical and surgical items in 2014 compared to 2013.
other operating expenses, as a percentage of revenues, was 18.2% in both 2014 and 2013. other operating expenses are primarily comprised of contract services, professional fees, repairs and maintenance, rents and leases, utilities, insurance (including professional liability insurance) and nonincome taxes. provisions for losses related to professional liability risks were $395 million and $314 million for 2014 and 2013, respectively.
during 2014 and 2013, respectively, we recognized $125 million and $216 million of electronic health record incentive income related to medicare ($118 million and $183 million) and medicaid ($7 million and $33 million) incentive programs. we recognize income related to medicare and medicaid incentive payments using a gain contingency model that is based upon when our eligible hospitals have demonstrated meaningful use of certified ehr technology for the applicable period and the cost report information for the full cost report year that will determine the final calculation of the incentive payment is available.
equity in earnings of affiliates increased from $29 million for 2013 to $43 million for 2014.
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
net gains on sales of facilities were $29 million for 2014 and related to the sale of a hospital facility and sales of real estate and other investments. net losses on sales of facilities were $10 million for 2013 and related to the sale of a hospital facility and sales of real estate and other investments.
we recorded $78 million of legal claim costs during 2014 to increase the estimate of our legal liability with respect to a previously disclosed lawsuit alleging we did not make the full level of capital expenditures and uncompensated care agreed to in connection with the purchase of the hospitals from health midwest in 2003.
the effective tax rate was 37.2% and 37.9% for 2014 and 2013, respectively. the effective tax rate computations exclude net income attributable to noncontrolling interests as it relates to consolidated partnerships.
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests increased from $440 million for 2013 to $498 million for 2014. the increase in net income attributable to noncontrolling interests related primarily to growth in operating results of hospital joint ventures in two of our texas markets and our group purchasing organization.
liquidity and capital resources our primary cash requirements are paying our operating expenses, servicing our debt, capital expenditures on our existing properties, acquisitions of hospitals and other health care entities, repurchases of our common stock, distributions to stockholders and distributions to noncontrolling interests. our primary cash sources are cash flows from operating activities, issuances of debt and equity securities and dispositions of hospitals and other health care entities.
cash provided by operating activities totaled $4.734 billion in 2015 compared to $4.448 billion in 2014 and $3.680 billion in 2013. working capital totaled $3.716 billion at december 31, 2015 and $3.450 billion at december 31, 2014. the $286 million increase in cash provided by operating activities for 2015, compared to 2014, was primarily related to the net impact of an increase in net income of $323 million and net negative changes in working capital items of $59 million. the $768 million increase in cash provided by operating activities for 2014, compared to 2013, was primarily related to the net impact of an increase in net income of $377 million, net positive changes in working capital items of $150 million, a net benefit of $357 million related to gains (losses) on sales of facilities, losses on retirement of debt and legal claim costs, and a negative impact of $226 million related to income taxes. cash payments for interest and income taxes increased $21 million for 2015 compared to 2014 and increased $289 million for 2014 compared to 2013.
cash used in investing activities was $2.583 billion, $2.918 billion and $2.346 billion in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. excluding acquisitions, capital expenditures were $2.375 billion in 2015, $2.176 billion in 2014 and $1.943 billion in 2013. we expended $351 million, $766 million and $481 million for acquisitions of
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
liquidity and capital resources (continued)
hospitals and health care entities during 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. planned capital expenditures are expected to approximate $2.7 billion in 2016. at december 31, 2015, there were projects under construction which had an estimated additional cost to complete and equip over the next five years of approximately $2.1 billion. we expect to finance capital expenditures with internally generated and borrowed funds.
during 2015, we received cash of $73 million from sales of a hospital, real estate and other investments. we also received net cash proceeds of $63 million related to net changes in our investments. during 2014, we received cash of $51 million from sales of a hospital, real estate and other investments. we also expended cash of $37 million related to net changes in our investments. during 2013, we received cash of $33 million from sales of a hospital, real estate and other investments. we also received net cash proceeds of $36 million related to net changes in our investments.
cash used in financing activities totaled $1.976 billion in 2015, $1.378 billion in 2014 and $1.625 billion in 2013. during 2015, we had a net increase of $778 million in our indebtedness and used cash of $2.397 billion for repurchases of common stock. during 2014, we had a net increase of $778 million in our indebtedness and used cash of $1.750 billion for repurchases of common stock. during 2013, we had a decline of $692 million in our indebtedness and used cash of $500 million for repurchases of common stock. during 2015, 2014 and 2013, we made distributions to noncontrolling interests of $495 million, $442 million and $435 million, respectively. we paid debt issuance costs of $50 million, $73 million and $5 million for 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. during 2015, 2014 and 2013, we received income tax benefits of $235 million, $134 million and $113 million, respectively, for certain items (primarily exercises of stock options) that were deductible expenses for tax purposes, but were recognized as adjustments to stockholders’ deficit for financial reporting purposes. we, or our affiliates, may in the future repurchase portions of our debt or equity securities, subject to certain limitations, from time to time in either the open market or through privately negotiated transactions, in accordance with applicable sec and other legal requirements. the timing, prices, and sizes of purchases depend upon prevailing trading prices, general economic and market conditions, and other factors, including applicable securities laws. at december 31, 2015, $2.603 billion of share repurchase authorization remained available under the $3.000 billion share repurchase program authorized by our board of directors during october 2015. funds for the repurchase of debt or equity securities have, and are expected to, come primarily from cash generated from operations and borrowed funds.
in addition to cash flows from operations, available sources of capital include amounts available under our senior secured credit facilities ($2.179 billion as of december 31, 2015 and $2.299 billion as of january 31, 2016) and anticipated access to public and private debt and equity markets.
investments of our professional liability insurance subsidiaries, to maintain statutory equity and pay claims, totaled $482 million and $558 million at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. the insurance subsidiary maintained net reserves for professional liability risks of $261 million and $347 million at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. our facilities are insured by our 100% owned insurance subsidiary for losses up to $50 million per occurrence; however, this coverage is subject to a $15 million per occurrence self-insured retention. net reserves for the self-insured professional liability risks retained were $1.160 billion and $1.035 billion at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. claims payments, net of reinsurance recoveries, during the next 12 months are expected to approximate $334 million. we estimate that approximately $284 million of the expected net claim payments during the next 12 months will relate to claims subject to the self-insured retention.
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
liquidity and capital resources (continued)
financing activities we are a highly leveraged company with significant debt service requirements. our debt totaled $30.488 billion and $29.426 billion at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. our interest expense was $1.665 billion for 2015 and $1.743 billion for 2014.
during march 2014, we issued $3.500 billion aggregate principal amount of notes, comprised of $1.500 billion aggregate principal amount of 3.75% senior secured notes due 2019 and $2.000 billion aggregate principal amount of 5.00% senior secured notes due 2024 and repaid at maturity all $500 million aggregate principal amount of our outstanding 5.75% senior unsecured notes. during april 2014, we used proceeds from the march 2014 debt issuance to redeem all $1.500 billion aggregate principal amount of our outstanding 81/2% senior secured notes due 2019 and all $1.250 billion aggregate principal amount of our outstanding 77/8% senior secured notes due 2020. the pretax loss on retirement of debt related to these redemptions was $226 million.
during january 2015, we issued $1.000 billion aggregate principal amount of 5.375% senior notes due 2025. we used a portion of the net proceeds to repay at maturity our $750 million aggregate principal amount of 6.375% senior notes due 2015.
during june 2015, we entered into a joinder agreement to retire certain of our existing senior secured term loans using proceeds from a new $1.400 billion senior secured term loan credit facility maturing on june 10, 2020. the pretax loss on retirement of debt was $3 million.
management believes that cash flows from operations, amounts available under our senior secured credit facilities and our anticipated access to public and private debt markets will be sufficient to meet expected liquidity needs during the next twelve months.
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements as of december 31, 2015, maturities of contractual obligations and other commercial commitments are presented in the table below (dollars in millions):
payments due by period contractual obligations(a)                                                                   total             current              2-3 years              4-5 years           after 5 years long-term debt including interest, excluding the senior secured credit facilities(b)       $32,220              $1,422                 $3,273                 $7,379           $20,146
loans outstanding under the senior secured credit facilities, including interest(b)          9,404                 450                  4,704                  4,250                    —
professional liability claims(c)                                                             1,465                 350                    552                    305           258
commitment expiration by period other commercial commitments not recorded on the                                             total             current              2-3 years              4-5 years           after 5 years consolidated balance sheet surety bonds(e)                                                                                $33                 $26                     $6                     $1           $—
letters of credit(f)                                                                            41                  36                      5                      —                    —
physician commitments(g)                                                                        37                  26                     11                      —                    —
total commercial commitments                                                                  $111                 $88                    $22                     $1           $—
(a)   we have not included obligations related to unrecognized tax benefits of $554 million at december 31, 2015, as we cannot reasonably estimate the timing or amounts of cash payments, if any, at this time.
(c)   the estimation of the timing of payments for professional liability claims beyond a year can vary significantly. the time period required to resolve these claims can vary depending upon the jurisdiction and whether the claim is settled or litigated.
(d)   amounts relate to future operating lease obligations, purchase obligations and other obligations and are not recorded in our consolidated balance sheet. amounts also include physician commitments that are recorded in our consolidated balance sheet.
(e)                                               amounts relate primarily to instances in which we have agreed to indemnify various commercial insurers who have provided surety bonds to cover self-insured workers’ compensation claims, utility and construction deposits and damages for malpractice cases which were awarded to plaintiffs by the courts. these cases are currently under appeal and the bonds will not be released by the courts until the cases are closed.
(f)   amounts relate primarily to various insurance programs for which we have letters of credit outstanding.
(g)                                           in consideration for physicians relocating to the communities in which our hospitals are located and agreeing to engage in private practice for the benefit of the respective communities, we make advances to physicians, normally over a period of one year, to assist in establishing the physicians’ practices. the actual amount of these commitments to be advanced often depends upon the financial results of the physicians’ private practice during the recruitment agreement payment period. the physician commitments reflected were based on our maximum exposure on effective agreements at december 31, 2015.
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
market risk we are exposed to market risk related to changes in market values of securities. the investments in debt and equity securities of our 100% owned insurance subsidiaries were $478 million and $4 million, respectively, at december 31, 2015. these investments are carried at fair value, with changes in unrealized gains and losses being recorded as adjustments to other comprehensive income. at december 31, 2015, we had a net unrealized gain of $20 million on the insurance subsidiaries’ investment securities.
we are exposed to market risk related to market illiquidity. investments in debt and equity securities of our 100% owned insurance subsidiaries could be impaired by the inability to access the capital markets. should the 100% owned insurance subsidiaries require significant amounts of cash in excess of normal cash requirements to pay claims and other expenses on short notice, we may have difficulty selling these investments in a timely manner or be forced to sell them at a price less than what we might otherwise have been able to in a normal market environment. we may be required to recognize other-than-temporary impairments on our investment securities in future periods should issuers default on interest payments or should the fair market valuations of the securities deteriorate due to ratings downgrades or other issue-specific factors.
we are also exposed to market risk related to changes in interest rates, and we periodically enter into interest rate swap agreements to manage our exposure to these fluctuations. our interest rate swap agreements involve the exchange of fixed and variable rate interest payments between two parties, based on common notional principal amounts and maturity dates. the notional amounts of the swap agreements represent balances used to calculate the exchange of cash flows and are not our assets or liabilities. our credit risk related to these agreements is considered low because the swap agreements are with creditworthy financial institutions. the interest payments under these agreements are settled on a net basis. these derivatives have been recognized in the financial statements at their respective fair values. changes in the fair value of these derivatives, which are designated as cash flow hedges, are included in other comprehensive income.
with respect to our interest-bearing liabilities, approximately $4.671 billion of long-term debt at december 31, 2015 was subject to variable rates of interest, while the remaining balance in long-term debt of $25.817 billion at december 31, 2015 was subject to fixed rates of interest. both the general level of interest rates and, for the senior secured credit facilities, our leverage affect our variable interest rates. our variable debt is comprised primarily of amounts outstanding under the senior secured credit facilities. borrowings under the senior secured credit facilities bear interest at a rate equal to an applicable margin plus, at our option, either (a) a base rate determined by reference to the higher of (1) the federal funds rate plus 0.50% and (2) the prime rate of bank of america or (b) a libor rate for the currency of such borrowing for the relevant interest period. the applicable margin for borrowings under the senior secured credit facilities may fluctuate according to a leverage ratio. the average effective interest rate for our long-term debt declined from 6.1% for 2014 to 5.6% for 2015.
the estimated fair value of our total long-term debt was $31.411 billion at december 31, 2015. the estimates of fair value are based upon the quoted market prices for the same or similar issues of long-term debt with the same maturities. based on a hypothetical 1% increase in interest rates, the potential annualized reduction to future pretax earnings would be approximately $47 million. to mitigate the impact of fluctuations in interest rates, we generally target a portion of our debt portfolio to be maintained at fixed rates.
our international operations and the related market risks associated with foreign currencies are currently insignificant to our results of operations and financial position.
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
financial instruments derivative financial instruments are employed to manage risks, including interest rate exposures, and are not used for trading or speculative purposes. we recognize derivative instruments, such as interest rate swap agreements, in the consolidated balance sheets at fair value. changes in the fair value of derivatives are recognized periodically either in earnings or in stockholders’ equity, as a component of other comprehensive income, depending on whether the derivative financial instrument qualifies for hedge accounting, and if so, whether it qualifies as a fair value hedge or a cash flow hedge. gains and losses on derivatives designated as cash flow hedges, to the extent they are effective, are recorded in other comprehensive income, and subsequently reclassified to earnings to offset the impact of the hedged items when they occur.
effects of inflation and changing prices various federal, state and local laws have been enacted that, in certain cases, limit our ability to increase prices. revenues for general, acute care hospital services rendered to medicare patients are established under the federal government’s prospective payment system. total fee-for-service medicare revenues were 21.8%, 22.6% and 23.3% of our revenues for 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
management believes hospital industry operating margins have been, and may continue to be, under significant pressure because of changes in payer and service mix and growth in operating expenses in excess of the increase in prospective payments under the medicare program. in addition, as a result of increasing regulatory and competitive pressures, our ability to maintain operating margins through price increases to non-medicare patients is limited.
tax examinations the irs examination division began an audit of hca holdings, inc.’s 2011 and 2012 federal income tax returns during 2014. we are also subject to examination by state and foreign taxing authorities.
management believes hca holdings, inc., its predecessors and affiliates properly reported taxable income and paid taxes in accordance with applicable laws and agreements established with the irs, state and foreign taxing authorities and final resolution of any disputes will not have a material, adverse effect on our results of operations or financial position. however, if payments due upon final resolution of any issues exceed our recorded estimates, such resolutions could have a material, adverse effect on our results of operations or financial position.