item 1a.    risk factors in addition to the other information in this annual report on form 10-k, the following risk factors should be considered carefully in evaluating our company and our business.
risks related to our business and industry we are subject to the business, financial and operating risks inherent to the hospitality industry, any of which could reduce our revenues and limit opportunities for growth.
our business is subject to a number of business, financial and operating risks inherent to the hospitality industry, including:
•   significant competition from multiple hospitality providers in all parts of the world;
•   changes in operating costs, including energy, food, employee compensation and benefits and insurance;
•   the costs and administrative burdens associated with complying with applicable laws and regulations;
•   the costs or desirability of complying with local practices and customs;
•   significant increases in cost for health care coverage for employees and potential government regulation with respect to health care coverage;
•   the ability of third-party internet and other travel intermediaries to attract and retain customers;
•   the availability and cost of capital necessary for us and third-party hotel owners to fund investments, capital expenditures and service debt obligations;
•   the quality of services provided by franchisees;
•   the financial condition of third-party property owners, developers and joint venture partners;
•   relationships with third-party property owners, developers and joint venture partners, including the risk that owners may terminate our management, franchise or joint venture agreements;
•   changes in desirability of geographic regions of the hotels or timeshare resorts in our business, geographic concentration of our operations and customers and shortages of desirable locations for development;
any of these factors could increase our costs or limit or reduce the prices we are able to charge for hospitality products and services, or otherwise affect our ability to maintain existing properties or develop new properties. as a result, any of these factors can reduce our revenues and limit opportunities for growth.
macroeconomic and other factors beyond our control can reduce demand for hospitality products and services, including demand for rooms at properties that we manage, franchise, own, lease or develop, as well as demand for timeshare properties. these factors include, but are not limited to:
•   changes in general economic conditions, including low consumer confidence, unemployment levels and depressed real estate prices resulting from the severity and duration of any downturn in the u.s. or global economy;
•   war, political conditions or civil unrest, terrorist activities or threats and heightened travel security measures instituted in response to these events;
•   statements, actions, or interventions by governmental officials related to travel and corporate travel-related activities and the resulting negative public perception of such travel and activities;
•   the financial and general business condition of the airline, automotive and other transportation-related industries and its effect on travel, including decreased airline capacity and routes;
•   conditions that negatively shape public perception of travel, including travel-related accidents and outbreaks of pandemic or contagious diseases, such as ebola, avian flu, severe acute respiratory syndrome (sars) and h1n1 (swine flu);
•   climate change or availability of natural resources;
•   changes in the desirability of particular locations or travel patterns of customers; and
•   organized labor activities, which could cause a diversion of business from hotels involved in labor negotiations and loss of business for our hotels generally as a result of certain labor tactics.
any one or more of these factors could limit or reduce overall demand for our products and services or could negatively affect our revenue sources, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
contraction in the global economy or low levels of economic growth could adversely affect our revenues and profitability as well as limit or slow our future growth.
consumer demand for our services is closely linked to the performance of the general economy and is sensitive to business and personal discretionary spending levels. decreased global or regional demand for hospitality products and services can be especially pronounced during periods of economic contraction or low levels of economic growth, and the recovery period in our industry may lag overall economic improvement. declines in demand for our products and services due to general economic conditions could negatively affect our business by decreasing the revenues and profitability of our owned properties, limiting the amount of fee revenues we are able to generate from our managed and franchised properties and reducing overall demand for timeshare intervals. in addition, many of the expenses associated with our business, including personnel costs, interest, rent, property taxes, insurance and utilities, are relatively fixed. during a period of overall economic weakness, if we are unable to meaningfully decrease these costs as demand for our hotels and timeshare properties decreases, our business operations and financial performance may be adversely affected.
the hospitality industry is subject to seasonal and cyclical volatility, which may contribute to fluctuations in our results of operations and financial condition.
the hospitality industry is seasonal in nature. the periods during which our lodging properties experience higher revenues vary from property to property, depending principally upon location and the customer base served. we generally expect our revenues to be lower in the first quarter of each year than in each of the three subsequent quarters with the fourth quarter generally being the highest. in addition, the hospitality industry is cyclical and demand generally follows the general economy on a lagged basis. the seasonality and cyclicality of our industry may contribute to fluctuations in our results of operations and financial condition.
because we operate in a highly competitive industry, our revenues or profits could be harmed if we are unable to compete effectively.
the segments of the hospitality industry in which we operate are subject to intense competition. our principal competitors are other operators of luxury, full service and focused service hotels and timeshare properties, including other major hospitality chains with well-established and recognized brands. we also compete against smaller hotel chains, independent and local hotel owners and operators, home and apartment sharing services and independent timeshare operators. if we are unable to compete successfully, our revenues or profits may decline.
competition for hotel guests we face competition for individual guests, group reservations and conference business. we compete for these customers based primarily on brand name recognition and reputation, as well as location, room rates, property size and availability of rooms and conference space, quality of the accommodations, customer satisfaction, amenities and the ability to earn and
redeem loyalty program points. our competitors may have greater commercial, financial and marketing resources and more efficient technology platforms, which could allow them to improve their properties and expand and improve their marketing efforts in ways that could affect our ability to compete for guests effectively, or they could offer a type of lodging product that customers find attractive but that we do not offer.
competition for management and franchise agreements we compete to enter into management and franchise agreements. our ability to compete effectively is based primarily on the value and quality of our management services, brand name recognition and reputation, our ability and willingness to invest capital, availability of suitable properties in certain geographic areas, and the overall economic terms of our agreements and the economic advantages to the property owner of retaining our management services and using our brands. if the properties that we manage or franchise perform less successfully than those of our competitors, if we are unable to offer terms as favorable as those offered by our competitors, or if the availability of suitable properties is limited, our ability to compete effectively for new management or franchise agreements could be reduced.
competition for timeshare sales we compete with other timeshare operators for sales of timeshare intervals based principally on location, quality of accommodations, price, financing terms, quality of service, terms of property use, opportunity for timeshare owners to exchange their owned interval for use of other timeshare properties or other travel rewards as well as brand name recognition and reputation. our ability to attract and retain purchasers of timeshare intervals depends on our success in distinguishing the quality and value of our timeshare offerings from those offered by others. if we are unable to do so, our ability to compete effectively for sales of timeshare intervals could be adversely affected.
any deterioration in the quality or reputation of our brands could have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition or results of operations.
our brands and our reputation are among our most important assets. our ability to attract and retain guests depends, in part, on the public recognition of our brands and their associated reputation. in addition, the success of our hotel owners' businesses and their ability to make payments to us for our services may depend on the strength and reputation of our brands. if our brands become obsolete or consumers view them as unfashionable or lacking in consistency and quality, we may be unable to attract guests to our hotels, and may further be unable to attract or retain our hotel owners.
changes in ownership or management practices, the occurrence of accidents or injuries, natural disasters, crime, individual guest notoriety or similar events at our managed, owned, leased or timeshare properties can harm our reputation, create adverse publicity and cause a loss of consumer confidence in our business. because of the global nature of our brands and the broad expanse of our business and hotel locations, events occurring in one location could negatively affect the reputation and operations of otherwise successful individual locations. in addition, the recent expansion of social media has compounded the potential scope of negative publicity. we also could face legal claims related to negative events, along with resulting adverse publicity. if the perceived quality of our brands declines, or if our reputation is damaged, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected.
our management and franchise business is subject to risks related to doing business with third-party hotel owners that could adversely affect our reputation, operational results or prospects for growth.
unless we maintain good relationships with third-party hotel owners and renew or enter into new management and franchise agreements, we may be unable to expand our presence and our business, financial condition and results of operations may suffer.
our management and franchise business depends on our ability to establish and maintain long-term, positive relationships with third-party property owners and our ability to enter into new and renew management and franchise agreements. although our management and franchise contracts are typically long-term arrangements, hotel owners may be able to terminate the agreements under certain circumstances, including the failure to meet specified financial or performance criteria. our ability to meet these financial and performance criteria is subject to, among other things, risks common to the overall hotel industry, including factors outside of our control. in addition, negative management and franchise pricing trends could adversely affect our ability to negotiate with hotel owners. if we fail to maintain and renew existing management and franchise agreements and enter into new agreements on favorable terms, we may be unable to expand our presence and our business, and our financial condition and results of operations may suffer.
growth of our management and franchise business is affected, and may potentially be limited, by factors influencing real estate development generally, including site availability, financing, planning, zoning and other local approvals. in addition, market factors such as projected room occupancy, changes in growth in demand compared to projected supply, geographic area restrictions in management and franchise agreements, costs of construction and anticipated room rate structure, if not managed effectively by our third-party owners could adversely affect the growth of our management and franchise business.
if our third-party property owners are unable to repay or refinance loans secured by the mortgaged properties, or to obtain financing adequate to fund current operations or growth plans, our revenues, profits and capital resources could be reduced and our business could be harmed.
many of our third-party property owners pledged their properties as collateral for mortgage loans entered into at the time of development, purchase or refinancing. if our third-party property owners are unable to repay or refinance maturing indebtedness on favorable terms or at all, their lenders could declare a default, accelerate the related debt and repossess the property. a repossession could result in the termination of our management or franchise agreement or eliminate revenues and cash flows from the property. in addition, the owners of managed and franchised hotels depend on financing to buy, develop and improve hotels and in some cases, fund operations during down cycles. our hotel owners' inability to obtain adequate funding could materially adversely affect the maintenance and improvement plans of existing hotels, result in the delay or stoppage of the development of our existing pipeline and limit additional development to further expand our hotel portfolio.
substantially all of our management and franchise agreements require third-party property owners to comply with quality and reputation standards of our brands. this includes requirements related to the physical condition, safety standards and appearance of the properties as well as the service levels provided by hotel employees. these standards may evolve with customer preference, or we may introduce new requirements over time. if our property owners fail to make investments necessary to maintain or improve the properties in accordance with our standards, guest preference for our brands could diminish. in addition, if third-party property owners fail to observe standards or meet their contractual requirements, we may elect to exercise our termination rights, which would eliminate revenues from these properties and cause us to incur expenses related to terminating these contracts. we may be unable to find suitable or offsetting replacements for any terminated relationships.
contractual and other disagreements with third-party property owners could make us liable to them or result in litigation costs or other expenses.
our management and franchise agreements require us and our hotel owners to comply with operational and performance conditions that are subject to interpretation and could result in disagreements. any dispute with a hotel owner could be very expensive for us, even if the outcome is ultimately in our favor. we cannot predict the outcome of any arbitration or litigation, the effect of any negative judgment against us or the amount of any settlement that we may enter into with any third party. furthermore, specific to our industry, some courts have applied principles of agency law and related fiduciary standards to managers of third-party hotel properties, which means that property owners may assert the right to terminate agreements even where the agreements do not expressly provide for termination. our fees from any terminated property would be eliminated, and accordingly may negatively affect our results of operations.
the risks resulting from significant investments in owned and leased real estate could increase our costs, reduce our profits and limit our ability to respond to market conditions.
•   loss in value of real estate due to changes in market conditions or the area in which real estate is located;
•   increased potential civil liability for accidents or other occurrences on owned or leased properties;
•   the ongoing need for owner-funded capital improvements and expenditures to maintain or upgrade properties;
•   periodic total or partial closures due to renovations and facility improvements;
•   risks associated with mortgage debt, including the possibility of default, fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertainties in the availability of replacement financing;
•   the relative illiquidity of real estate compared to some other assets.
the negative effect on profitability and cash flow from declines in revenues is more pronounced in owned properties because we, as the owner, bear the risk of their high fixed-cost structure. further, during times of economic distress, declining demand and declining earnings often result in declining asset values, and we may not be able to sell properties on favorable terms or at all. accordingly, we may not be able to adjust our owned property portfolio promptly in response to changes in economic or other conditions.
certain of our owned and leased properties were constructed more than a century ago. the condition of aging properties could negatively affect our ability to attract guests or result in higher operating and capital costs, either of which could reduce revenues or profits from these properties. there can be no assurance that our planned replacements and repairs will occur, or even if completed, will result in improved performance. in addition, these efforts are subject to a number of risks, including:
•   obtaining zoning, occupancy and other required permits or authorizations;
•   changes in economic conditions that may result in weakened or lack of demand for improvements that we make or negative project returns;
•   volatility in the debt and capital markets that may limit our ability to raise capital for projects or improvements;
•   lack of availability of rooms or meeting spaces for revenue-generating activities during construction, modernization or renovation projects;
our properties may not be permitted to be rebuilt if destroyed.
certain of our properties may qualify as legally-permissible nonconforming uses and improvements, including certain of our iconic and most profitable properties. if a substantial portion of any such property were to be destroyed by fire or other casualty, we might not be permitted to rebuild that property as it now exists, regardless of the availability of insurance proceeds. any loss of this nature, whether insured or not, could materially adversely affect our results of operations and prospects.
we have investments in joint venture projects, which limits our ability to manage third-party risks associated with these projects.
in most cases, we are minority participants and do not control the decisions of the joint ventures in which we are involved. therefore, joint venture investments may involve risks such as the possibility that a co-venturer in an investment might become bankrupt, be unable to meet its capital contribution obligations, have economic or business interests or goals that are inconsistent with our business interests or goals or take actions that are contrary to our instructions or to applicable laws and regulations. in addition, we may be unable to take action without the approval of our joint venture partners, or our joint venture partners could take actions binding on the joint venture without our consent. consequently, actions by a co-venturer or other third-party could expose us to claims for damages, financial penalties and reputational harm, any of which could adversely affect our business and operations. in addition, we may agree to guarantee indebtedness incurred by a joint venture or co-venturer or provide standard indemnifications to lenders for loss liability or damage occurring as a result of our actions or actions of the joint venture or other co-venturers. such a guarantee or indemnity may be on a joint and several basis with a co-venturer, in which case we may be liable in the event that our co-venturer defaults on its guarantee obligation. the non-performance of a co-venturer's obligations may cause losses to us in excess of the capital we initially may have invested or committed.
preparing our financial statements requires us to have access to information regarding the results of operations, financial position and cash flows of our joint ventures. any deficiencies in our joint ventures' internal controls over financial reporting may affect our ability to report our financial results accurately or prevent or detect fraud. such deficiencies also could result in restatements of, or other adjustments to, our previously reported or announced operating results, which could diminish investor confidence and reduce the market price for our shares. additionally, if our joint ventures are unable to provide this information for any meaningful period or fail to meet expected deadlines, we may be unable to satisfy our financial reporting obligations or timely file our periodic reports.
although our joint ventures may generate positive cash flow, in some cases they may be unable to distribute that cash to the joint venture partners. additionally, in some cases our joint venture partners control distributions and may choose to leave capital in the joint venture rather than distribute it. because our ability to generate liquidity from our joint ventures depends in part on their ability to distribute capital to us, our failure to receive distributions from our joint venture partners could reduce our cash flow return on these investments.
our timeshare business is subject to risks associated with regulation, third-party owners and providing financing to purchasers.
we develop, manage, market and sell timeshare intervals. certain of these activities are subject to extensive state regulation in both the state in which the timeshare property is located and the states in which the timeshare property is marketed and sold. federal regulation of certain marketing practices also applies. in addition, because we provide financing to some purchasers of timeshare intervals and also service the resulting loans as well as the loans on inventory sold by third-party developers for which we provide marketing services, we are subject to various federal and state regulations, including those requiring disclosure to borrowers regarding the terms of their loans as well as settlement, servicing and collection of loans. if we fail to comply with applicable federal, state and local laws in connection with our timeshare business, we may be unable to offer timeshare intervals or associated financing in certain areas, which could result in a decline in timeshare revenues.
in addition to timeshare interval supply from our owned timeshare properties, we source interval supply through sales and marketing agreements with third-party developers. if we fail to develop timeshare properties or are unsuccessful in entering into new agreements with third-party developers, we may experience a decline in timeshare interval supply available to be sold by us, which could result in a decrease in our revenues. in addition, a decline in timeshare interval supply could result in both a decrease of financing revenues that are generated from purchasers of timeshare intervals and fee revenues that are generated by providing management, loan and collection services to the timeshare properties.
if purchasers default on the loans that we provide to finance their purchases of timeshare intervals, the revenues and profits that we derive from the timeshare business could be reduced.
providing secured financing to some purchasers of timeshare intervals subjects us to the risk of purchaser default. as of december 31, 2015, we had approximately $1,082 million of timeshare financing receivables outstanding. if a purchaser defaults under the financing that we provide, we could be forced to write off the loan and reclaim ownership of the timeshare interval. we may be unable to resell the property in a timely manner or at the same price, or at all. also, if a purchaser of a timeshare interval defaults on the related loan during the early part of the amortization period, we may not have recovered the marketing, selling and general and administrative costs associated with the sale of that timeshare interval. if we are unable to recover any of the principal amount of the loan from a defaulting purchaser, or if the allowances for losses from such defaults are inadequate, the revenues and profits that we derive from the timeshare business could be reduced.
as of december 31, 2015, we had a total of 1,616 hotels in our development pipeline, which we define as hotels under construction or approved for development under one of our brands. the commitments of owners and developers with whom we have agreements are subject to numerous conditions, and the eventual development and construction of our pipeline not currently under construction is subject to numerous risks, including, in certain cases, the owner's or developer's ability to obtain adequate financing, obtaining governmental or regulatory approvals and adequate financing. as a result, not every hotel in our development pipeline may develop into a new hotel that enters our system.
new hotel brands or non-hotel branded concepts that we launch in the future may not be as successful as we anticipate, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
we launched a new midscale brand, tru by hilton, in january 2016. we introduced a new brand, canopy by hilton, in october 2014, opened our first curio - a collection by hilton hotel in august 2014, opened the first herb n' kitchen restaurant in 2013 and opened our first home2 suites by hilton hotel in 2011. we may continue to build our portfolio by launching new hotel and non-hotel brands in the future. in addition, the hilton garden inn, doubletree by hilton and hampton by hilton brands have been expanding into new jurisdictions outside the united states in recent years. we may continue to expand existing brands into new international markets. new hotel products or concepts or brand expansions may not be accepted by hotel owners, franchisees or customers and we cannot guarantee the level of acceptance any new brand will have in the development and consumer marketplaces.  if new branded hotel products, non-hotel branded concepts or brand expansions are not as successful as we anticipate, we may not recover the costs we incurred in their development or expansion, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
failures in, material damage to, or interruptions in our information technology systems, software or websites and difficulties in updating our existing software or developing or implementing new software could have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations.
we depend heavily upon our information technology systems in the conduct of our business. we own and license or otherwise contract for sophisticated technology and systems for property management, procurement, reservations and the operation of the hilton hhonors customer loyalty program. such systems are subject to, among other things, damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses and natural and man-made disasters. although we have a cold disaster recovery site in a separate location to back up our core reservation, distribution and financial systems, substantially all of our data center operations are currently located in a single facility. any loss or damage to our primary facility could result in operational disruption and data loss as we move production operations to our disaster recovery site. damage or interruption to our information systems may require a significant investment to update, remediate or replace with alternate systems, and we may suffer interruptions in our operations as a result. in addition, costs and potential problems and interruptions associated with the implementation of new or upgraded systems and technology or with maintenance or adequate support of existing systems could also disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations. any material interruptions or failures in our systems, including those that may result from our failure to adequately develop, implement and maintain a robust disaster recovery plan and backup systems could severely affect our ability to conduct normal business operations and, as a result, have a material adverse effect on our business operations and financial performance.
we rely on third parties for the performance of a significant portion of our information technology functions worldwide. in particular, our reservation system relies on data communications networks operated by unaffiliated third parties. the success of our business depends in part on maintaining our relationships with these third parties and their continuing ability to perform these functions and services in a timely and satisfactory manner. if we experience a loss or disruption in the provision of any of
we rely on certain software vendors to maintain and periodically upgrade many of these systems so that they can continue to support our business. the software programs supporting many of our systems were licensed to us by independent software developers. the inability of these developers or us to continue to maintain and upgrade these information systems and software programs would disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations if we were unable to convert to alternate systems in an efficient and timely manner.
we are vulnerable to various risks and uncertainties associated with our websites and mobile applications, including changes in required technology interfaces, website and mobile application downtime and other technical failures, costs and issues as we upgrade our website software and mobile applications. additional risks include computer viruses, changes in applicable federal and state regulation, security breaches, legal claims related to our website operations and e-commerce fulfillment and other consumer privacy concerns. our failure to successfully respond to these risks and uncertainties could reduce website and mobile application sales and have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations.
from time to time we and third parties who serve us experience cyber-attacks, attempted and actual breaches of our or their information technology systems and networks or similar events, which could result in a loss of sensitive business or customer information, systems interruption or the disruption of our operations. the techniques that are used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service or sabotage systems change frequently and are difficult to detect for long periods of time, and we are accordingly unable to anticipate and prevent all data security incidents. in november 2015, we announced that we had identified and taken action to eradicate unauthorized malware that targeted payment card information in some point-of-sale systems in our hotels and had determined that specific payment card information was targeted by this malware. we expect we will be subject to additional cyber-attacks in the future and may experience data breaches.
even if we are fully compliant with legal standards and contractual requirements, we still may not be able to prevent security breaches involving sensitive data. the sophistication of efforts by hackers to gain unauthorized access to information systems has continued to increase in recent years. breaches, thefts, losses or fraudulent uses of customer, employee or company data could cause consumers to lose confidence in the security of our websites, mobile applications, point of sale systems and other information technology systems and choose not to purchase from us. such security breaches also could expose us to risks of data loss, business disruption, litigation and other costs or liabilities, any of which could adversely affect our business.
we are exposed to risks and costs associated with protecting the integrity and security of our guests' personal data and other sensitive information.
we are subject to various risks and costs associated with the collection, handling, storage and transmission of sensitive information, including those related to compliance with u.s. and foreign data collection and privacy laws and other contractual obligations, as well as those associated with the compromise of our systems collecting such information. we collect internal and customer data, including credit card numbers and other personally identifiable information for a variety of important business purposes, including managing our workforce, providing requested products and services and maintaining guest preferences to enhance customer service and for marketing and promotion purposes. we could be exposed to fines, penalties, restrictions, litigation, reputational harm or other expenses, or other adverse effects on our business, due to failure to protect our guests' personal data and other sensitive information or failure to maintain compliance with the various u.s. and foreign data collection and privacy laws or with credit card industry standards or other applicable data security standards.
in addition, states and the federal government have enacted additional laws and regulations to protect consumers against identity theft. these laws and similar laws in other jurisdictions have increased the costs of doing business, and failure on our part to implement appropriate safeguards or to detect and provide prompt notice of unauthorized access as required by some of these laws could subject us to potential claims for damages and other remedies. if we were required to pay any significant amounts in satisfaction of claims under these laws, or if we were forced to cease our business operations for any length of time as a result of our inability to comply fully with any such law, our business, operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected.
we may seek to expand through acquisitions of and investments in other businesses and properties, or through alliances, and we may also seek to divest some of our properties and other assets. these acquisition and disposition activities may be unsuccessful or divert management's attention.
we may consider strategic and complementary acquisitions of and investments in other hotel or hospitality brands, businesses, properties or other assets. furthermore, we may pursue these opportunities in alliance with existing or prospective owners of managed or franchised properties. in many cases, we will be competing for these opportunities with third parties that may have substantially greater financial resources than us. acquisitions or investments in brands, businesses, properties or assets as well as these alliances are subject to risks that could affect our business, including risks related to:
•   assuming contingent liabilities; or
•   creating additional expenses.
we may not be able to identify opportunities or complete transactions on commercially reasonable terms or at all or we may not actually realize any anticipated benefits from such acquisitions, investments or alliances. similarly, we may not be able to obtain financing for acquisitions or investments on attractive terms or at all, or the ability to obtain financing may be restricted by the terms of our indebtedness. in addition, the success of any acquisition or investment also will depend, in part, on our ability to integrate the acquisition or investment with our existing operations.
we may also divest certain properties or assets, and any such divestments may yield lower than expected returns or otherwise fail to achieve the benefits we expect. in some circumstances, sales of properties or other assets may result in losses. upon sales of properties or assets, we may become subject to contractual indemnity obligations, incur material tax liabilities or, as a result of required debt repayment, face a shortage of liquidity. finally, any acquisitions, investments or dispositions could demand significant attention from management that would otherwise be available for business operations, which could harm our business.
failure to keep pace with developments in technology could adversely affect our operations or competitive position.
the hospitality industry demands the use of sophisticated technology and systems for property management, brand assurance and compliance, procurement, reservation systems, operation of our customer loyalty programs, distribution of hotel resources to current and future customers and guest amenities. these technologies may require refinements and upgrades. the development and maintenance of these technologies may require significant investment by us. as various systems and technologies become outdated or new technology is required, we may not be able to replace or introduce them as quickly as needed or in a cost-effective and timely manner. we may not achieve the benefits we may have been anticipating from any new technology or system.
failure to comply with marketing and advertising laws, including with regard to direct marketing, could result in fines or place restrictions on our business.
we rely on a variety of direct marketing techniques, including telemarketing, email marketing and postal mailings, and we are subject to various laws and regulations in the u.s. and internationally that govern marketing and advertising practices. any further restrictions in laws and court or agency interpretation of such laws, such as the telephone consumer protection act of 1991, the telemarketing sales rule, can-spam act of 2003, and various u.s. state laws, new laws, or international data protection laws, such as the eu member states' implementation of proposed privacy regulation, that govern these activities could adversely affect current or planned marketing activities and cause us to change our marketing strategy. if this occurs, we may not be able to develop adequate alternative marketing strategies, which could affect our ability to maintain relationships with our customers and acquire new customers. we also obtain access to names of potential customers from travel service providers or other companies and we market to some individuals on these lists directly or through other companies' marketing materials. if access to these lists were prohibited or otherwise restricted, our ability to develop new customers and introduce them to products could be impaired.
the growth of internet reservation channels could adversely affect our business and profitability.
a significant percentage of hotel rooms for individual guests are booked through internet travel intermediaries, to whom we commit to pay various commissions and transaction fees for sales of our rooms through their systems. search engines and peer-to-peer inventory sources also provide online travel services that compete with our business. if these bookings increase, certain hospitality intermediaries may be able to obtain higher commissions, reduced room rates or other significant concessions from us or our franchisees. these hospitality intermediaries also may reduce these bookings by de-ranking our hotels in search results on their platforms, and other online providers may divert business away from our hotels. although our agreements with many hospitality intermediaries limit transaction fees for hotels, there can be no assurance that we will be able to renegotiate these agreements upon their expiration with terms as favorable as the provisions that existed before the expiration, replacement or renegotiation. moreover, hospitality intermediaries generally employ aggressive marketing strategies, including expending significant resources for online and television advertising campaigns to drive consumers to their websites. as a result, consumers may develop brand loyalties to the intermediaries' offered brands, websites and reservations systems rather than to the hilton brands and systems. if this happens, our business and profitability may be significantly affected as shifting customer loyalties divert bookings away from our websites. internet travel intermediaries also have been subject to regulatory scrutiny, particularly in europe. the outcome of this regulatory activity may affect our ability to compete for direct bookings through our own internet channels.
in addition, although internet travel intermediaries have traditionally competed to attract individual consumers or "transient" business rather than group and convention business, in recent years they have expanded their business to include marketing to large group and convention business. if that growth continues, it could both divert group and convention business away from our hotels and also increase our cost of sales for group and convention business. consolidation of internet travel intermediaries, and the entry of major internet companies into the internet travel bookings business, also could divert bookings away from our websites and increase our hotels' cost of sales.
our reservation system is an important component of our business operations and a disruption to its functioning could have an adverse effect on our performance and results.
we manage a global reservation system that communicates reservations to our branded hotels when made by individuals directly, either online, by telephone to our call centers or through devices via our mobile application, or through intermediaries like travel agents, internet travel web sites and other distribution channels. the cost, speed, efficacy and efficiency of the reservation system are important aspects of our business and are important considerations of hotel owners in choosing to affiliate with our brands. any failure to maintain or upgrade, and any other disruption to our reservation system may adversely affect our business.
the cessation, reduction or taxation of program benefits of our hilton hhonors loyalty program could adversely affect the hilton brands and guest loyalty.
we manage the hilton hhonors guest loyalty and rewards program for the hilton brands. program members accumulate points based on eligible stays and hotel charges and redeem the points for a range of benefits including free rooms and other items of value. the program is an important aspect of our business and of the affiliation value for hotel owners under management and franchise agreements. system hotels (including, without limitation, third-party hotels under management and franchise arrangements) contribute a percentage of the guest's charges to the program for each stay of a program member. in addition to the accumulation of points for future hotels stays at our brands, hilton hhonors arranges with third-party service providers, such as airlines and rail companies, to exchange monetary value represented by points for program awards. currently, the program benefits are not taxed as income to members. if the program awards and benefits are materially altered, curtailed or taxed such that a material number of hilton hhonors members choose to no longer participate in the program, this could adversely affect our business.
because we derive a portion of our revenues from operations outside the united states, the risks of doing business internationally could lower our revenues, increase our costs, reduce our profits or disrupt our business.
we currently manage, franchise, own or lease hotels and resorts in 100 countries and territories around the world. our operations outside the united states represented approximately 22 percent and 25 percent of our revenues for each of the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. we expect that revenues from our international operations will continue to account for an increasing portion of our total revenues. as a result, we are subject to the risks of doing business outside the united states, including:
•   rapid changes in governmental, economic and political policy, political or civil unrest, acts of terrorism or the threat of international boycotts or u.s. anti-boycott legislation;
•   recessionary trends or economic instability in international markets;
•   the imposition of restrictions on currency conversion or the transfer of funds or limitations on our ability to repatriate non-u.s. earnings in a tax-efficient manner;
•   the ability to comply with or effect of complying with complex and changing laws, regulations and policies of foreign governments that may affect investments or operations, including foreign ownership restrictions, import and export controls, tariffs, embargoes, increases in taxes paid and other changes in applicable tax laws;
these factors may adversely affect the revenues from and the market value of our properties located in international markets. while these factors and the effect of these factors are difficult to predict, any one or more of them could lower our revenues, increase our costs, reduce our profits or disrupt our business operations.
failure to comply with laws and regulations applicable to our international operations may increase costs, reduce profits, limit growth or subject us to broader liability.
our business operations in countries outside the u.s. are subject to a number of laws and regulations, including restrictions imposed by the foreign corrupt practices act ("fcpa"), as well as trade sanctions administered by the office of foreign assets control ("ofac"). the fcpa is intended to prohibit bribery of foreign officials and requires us to keep books and records that accurately and fairly reflect our transactions. ofac administers and enforces economic and trade sanctions based on u.s. foreign policy and national security goals against targeted foreign states, organizations and individuals. although we have policies in place designed to comply with applicable sanctions, rules and regulations, it is possible that hotels we own or manage in the countries and territories in which we operate may provide services to persons subject to sanctions. where we have identified potential violations in the past, we have taken appropriate remedial action including filing voluntary disclosures to ofac. in addition, some of our operations may be subject to the laws and regulations of non-u.s. jurisdictions, including the u.k.'s bribery act 2010, which contains significant prohibitions on bribery and other corrupt business activities, and other local anti-corruption laws in the countries and territories in which we conduct operations.
if we fail to comply with these laws and regulations, we could be exposed to claims for damages, financial penalties, reputational harm and incarceration of employees or restrictions on our operation or ownership of hotels and other properties, including the termination of management, franchising and ownership rights. in addition, in certain circumstances, the actions of parties affiliated with us (including our owners, joint venture partners, employees and agents) may expose us to liability under
the fcpa, u.s. sanctions or other laws. these restrictions could increase costs of operations, reduce profits or cause us to forgo development opportunities that would otherwise support growth.
in august 2012, congress enacted the iran threat reduction and syria human rights act of 2012 ("itrshra"), which expands the scope of u.s. sanctions against iran and syria. in particular, section 219 of the itrshra amended the exchange act to require sec-reporting companies to disclose in their periodic reports specified dealings or transactions involving iran or other individuals and entities targeted by certain ofac sanctions engaged in by the reporting company or any of its affiliates. these companies are required to separately file with the sec a notice that such activities have been disclosed in the relevant periodic report, and the sec is required to post this notice of disclosure on its website and send the report to the u.s. president and certain u.s. congressional committees. the u.s. president thereafter is required to initiate an investigation and, within 180 days of initiating such an investigation with respect to certain disclosed activities, to determine whether sanctions should be imposed.
under itrshra, we are required to report if we or any of our "affiliates" knowingly engaged in certain specified activities during a period covered by one of our annual reports on form 10-k or quarterly reports on form 10-q. we have engaged in, and may in the future engage in, activities that would require disclosure pursuant to section 219 of itrshra. in addition, because the sec defines the term "affiliate" broadly, we may be deemed to be a controlled affiliate of blackstone, affiliates of blackstone may also be considered our affiliates. other affiliates of blackstone have in the past and may in the future be required to make disclosures pursuant to itrshra, including the activities discussed in the disclosures included on exhibit 99.1 to this annual report on form 10-k, which disclosures are hereby incorporated by reference herein. disclosure of such activities and any sanctions imposed on us or our affiliates as a result of these activities could harm our reputation and brands and have a negative effect on our results of operations.
our ability to maintain our competitive position depends somewhat on the efforts and abilities of our senior executives. finding suitable replacements for senior executives could be difficult. losing the services of one or more of these senior executives could adversely affect strategic relationships, including relationships with third-party property owners, significant customers, joint venture partners and vendors, and limit our ability to execute our business strategies.
we also rely on the general managers at each of our managed, owned and leased hotels to manage daily operations and oversee the efforts of employees. these general managers are trained professionals in the hospitality industry and have extensive experience in many markets worldwide. the failure to retain, train or successfully manage general managers for our managed, owned and leased hotels could negatively affect our operations.
collective bargaining activity could disrupt our operations, increase our labor costs or interfere with the ability of our management to focus on executing our business strategies.
a significant number of our employees (approximately 31 percent) and employees of our hotel owners are covered by collective bargaining agreements and similar agreements. if relationships with our employees or employees of our hotel owners or the unions that represent them become adverse, the properties we manage, franchise, own or lease could experience labor disruptions such as strikes, lockouts, boycotts and public demonstrations. a number of our collective bargaining agreements, representing approximately 11 percent of our organized employees, have expired and are in the process of being renegotiated, and we may be required to negotiate additional collective bargaining agreements in the future if more employees become unionized. labor disputes, which may be more likely when collective bargaining agreements are being negotiated, could harm our relationship with our employees or employees of our hotel owners, result in increased regulatory inquiries and enforcement by governmental authorities and deter guests. further, adverse publicity related to a labor dispute could harm our reputation and reduce customer demand for our services. labor regulation and the negotiation of new or existing collective bargaining agreements could lead to higher wage and benefit costs, changes in work rules that raise operating expenses, legal costs and limitations on our ability or the ability of our third-party property owners to take cost saving measures during economic downturns. we do not have the ability to control the negotiations of collective bargaining agreements covering unionized labor employed by many third-party property owners. increased unionization of our workforce, new labor legislation or changes in regulations could disrupt our operations, reduce our profitability or interfere with the ability of our management to focus on executing our business strategies.
labor shortages could restrict our ability to operate our properties or grow our business or result in increased labor costs that could adversely affect our results of operations.
our success depends in large part on our ability to attract, retain, train, manage, and engage employees. we employ or manage approximately 164,000 individuals at our managed, owned and leased hotels and corporate offices around the world. if we are unable to attract, retain, train, manage and engage skilled individuals, our ability to manage and staff the managed, owned and leased hotels could be impaired, which could reduce customer satisfaction. in addition, the inability of our franchisees to attract, retain, train, manage and engage skilled employees for the franchised hotels could adversely affect the reputation of our brands. staffing shortages in various parts of the world also could hinder our ability to grow and expand our businesses. because payroll costs are a major component of the operating expenses at our hotels and our franchised hotels, a shortage of skilled labor could also require higher wages that would increase labor costs, which could adversely affect our results of operations. additionally, increase in minimum wage rates could increase costs and reduce profits for us and our franchisees.
the recognition and reputation of our brands are important to our success. we have over 5,100 trademark registrations in jurisdictions around the world for use in connection with our services, plus at any given time, a number of pending applications for trademarks and other intellectual property. however, those trademark or other intellectual property registrations may not be granted or the steps we take to use, control or protect our trademarks or other intellectual property in the u.s. and other jurisdictions may not always be adequate to prevent third parties from copying or using the trademarks or other intellectual property without authorization. we may also fail to obtain and maintain trademark protection for all of our brands in all jurisdictions. for example, in certain jurisdictions, third parties have registered or otherwise have the right to use certain trademarks that are the same as or similar to our trademarks, which could prevent us from registering trademarks and opening hotels in that jurisdiction. third parties may also challenge our rights to certain trademarks or oppose our trademark applications. defending against any such proceedings may be costly, and if unsuccessful, could result in the loss of important intellectual property rights. obtaining and maintaining trademark protection for multiple brands in multiple jurisdictions is also expensive, and we may therefore elect not to apply for or to maintain certain trademarks.
our intellectual property is also vulnerable to unauthorized copying or use in some jurisdictions outside the u.s., where local law, or lax enforcement of law, may not provide adequate protection. if our trademarks or other intellectual property are improperly used, the value and reputation of the hilton brands could be harmed. there are times where we may need to resort to litigation to enforce our intellectual property rights. litigation of this type could be costly, force us to divert our resources, lead to counterclaims or other claims against us or otherwise harm our business or reputation. in addition, we license certain of our trademarks to third parties. for example, we grant our franchisees a right to use certain of our trademarks in connection with their operation of the applicable property. if a franchisee or other licensee fails to maintain the quality of the goods and services used in connection with the licensed trademarks, our rights to, and the value of, our trademarks could potentially be harmed. failure to maintain, control and protect our trademarks and other intellectual property could likely adversely affect our ability to attract guests or third-party owners, and could adversely affect our results.
in addition, we license the right to use certain intellectual property from unaffiliated third parties, including the right to grant sublicenses to franchisees. if we are unable to use this intellectual property, our ability to generate revenue from such properties may be diminished.
third parties may make claims against us for infringing their patent, trademark, copyright or other intellectual property rights or for misappropriating their trade secrets. we have been and are currently party to a number of such claims and may receive additional claims in the future. any such claims, even those without merit, could:
•   limit our ability to develop new intellectual property; and
•   limit the use or the scope of our intellectual property or other rights.
in addition, we may be required to indemnify third-party owners of the hotels that we manage for any losses they incur as a result of any infringement claims against them. all necessary royalty, licensing or other agreements may not be available to us on acceptable terms. any adverse results associated with third-party intellectual property claims could negatively affect our business.
conducting business in currencies other than the u.s. dollar subjects us to fluctuations in currency exchange rates that could have a negative effect on our financial results. we earn revenues and incur expenses in foreign currencies as part of our operations outside of the u.s. as a result, fluctuations in currency exchange rates may significantly increase the amount of u.s. dollars required for foreign currency expenses or significantly decrease the u.s. dollars received from foreign currency revenues. we also have exposure to currency translation risk because, generally, the results of our business outside of the u.s. are reported in local currency and then translated to u.s. dollars for inclusion in our consolidated financial statements. as a result, changes between the foreign exchange rates and the u.s. dollar will affect the recorded amounts of our foreign assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and could have a negative effect on our financial results. our exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations will grow if the relative contribution of our operations outside the u.s. increases.
to attempt to mitigate foreign currency exposure, we may enter into foreign exchange hedging agreements with financial institutions. however, these hedging agreements may not eliminate foreign currency risk entirely and involve costs and risks of their own in the form of transaction costs, credit requirements and counterparty risk.
if the insurance that we or our owners carry does not sufficiently cover damage or other potential losses or liabilities to third parties involving properties that we manage, franchise or own, our profits could be reduced.
we operate in certain areas where the risk of natural disaster or other catastrophic losses vary, and the occasional incidence of such an event could cause substantial damage to us, our owners or the surrounding area. we carry, and we require our owners to carry, insurance from solvent insurance carriers that we believe is adequate for foreseeable first- and third-party losses and with terms and conditions that are reasonable and customary. nevertheless, market forces beyond our control could limit the scope of the insurance coverage that we and our owners can obtain or may otherwise restrict our or our owners' ability to buy insurance coverage at reasonable rates. in the event of a substantial loss, the insurance coverage that we and/or our owners carry may not be sufficient to pay the full value of our financial obligations, our liabilities or the replacement cost of any lost investment or property. because certain types of losses are uncertain, they may be uninsurable or prohibitively expensive. in addition, there are other risks that may fall outside the general coverage terms and limits of our policies.
in some cases, these factors could result in certain losses being completely uninsured. as a result, we could lose some or all of the capital we have invested in a property, as well as the anticipated future revenues, profits, management fees or franchise fees from the property.
following the september 11, 2001 terrorist attacks in new york city and the washington, d.c. area, congress passed the terrorism risk insurance act of 2002, which established the terrorism risk insurance program (the "program") to provide insurance capacity for terrorist acts. the program expired at the end of 2014 but was reauthorized, with some adjustments to its provisions, in january 2015 for six years through december 31, 2020.  we carry, and we require our owners and our franchisees to carry, insurance from solvent insurance carriers to respond to both first-party and third-party liability losses related to terrorism. we purchase our first-party property damage and business interruption insurance from a stand-alone market in place of and to supplement insurance from government run pools. if the program is not extended or renewed upon its expiration in 2020, or if there are changes to the program that would negatively affect insurance carriers, premiums for terrorism insurance coverage will likely increase and/or the terms of such insurance may be materially amended to increase stated exclusions or to otherwise effectively decrease the scope of coverage available, perhaps to the point where it is effectively unavailable.
terrorist attacks and military conflicts may adversely affect the hospitality industry.
the terrorist attacks on the world trade center and the pentagon on september 11, 2001 underscore the possibility that large public facilities or economically important assets could become the target of terrorist attacks in the future. in particular, properties that are well-known or are located in concentrated business sectors in major cities where our hotels are located may be subject to the risk of terrorist attacks.
the occurrence or the possibility of terrorist attacks or military conflicts could:
•   result in higher costs for security and insurance premiums or diminish the availability of insurance coverage for losses related to terrorist attacks, particularly for properties in target areas, all of which could adversely affect our results.
the occurrence of a terrorist attack with respect to one of our properties could directly and materially adversely affect our results of operations. furthermore, the loss of any of our well-known buildings could indirectly affect the value of our brands, which would in turn adversely affect our business prospects.
changes in u.s. federal, state and local or foreign tax law, interpretations of existing tax law, or adverse determinations by tax authorities, could increase our tax burden or otherwise adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations.
we are subject to taxation at the federal, state or provincial and local levels in the u.s. and various other countries and jurisdictions. our future effective tax rate could be affected by changes in the composition of earnings in jurisdictions with differing tax rates, changes in statutory rates and other legislative changes, changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, or changes in determinations regarding the jurisdictions in which we are subject to tax. from time to time, the u.s. federal, state and local and foreign governments make substantive changes to tax rules and their application, which could result in materially higher corporate taxes than would be incurred under existing tax law and could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations.
we are subject to ongoing and periodic tax audits and disputes in u.s. federal and various state, local and foreign jurisdictions. in particular, our consolidated u.s. federal income tax returns for the fiscal years ended december 31, 2006 through december 31, 2010 are under audit by the internal revenue service ("irs"), and the irs has proposed adjustments to increase our taxable income based on several assertions involving intercompany loans, our hilton hhonors guest loyalty and reward program and our foreign-currency denominated loans issued by one of our subsidiaries. in total, the proposed adjustments sought by the irs would result in u.s. federal tax owed of approximately $874 million, excluding interest and penalties and potential state income taxes. we disagree with the irs's position on each of the assertions and intend to vigorously contest them. see note 18: "income taxes" in our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k for additional information. an unfavorable outcome from any tax audit could result in higher tax costs, penalties and interest, thereby adversely affecting our financial condition or results of operations.
changes to accounting rules or regulations may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
new accounting rules or regulations and varying interpretations of existing accounting rules or regulations have occurred and may occur in the future. a change in accounting rules or regulations may require retrospective application and affect our reporting of transactions completed before the change is effective, and future changes to accounting rules or regulations may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. see note 2: "basis of presentation and summary of significant accounting policies" in our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k for a summary of accounting standards issued but not yet adopted.
our total assets include goodwill, intangible assets with indefinite lives, other intangible assets with finite useful lives and substantial amounts of long-lived assets, principally property and equipment, including hotel properties. we evaluate our goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives for impairment on an annual basis or at other times during the year if events or circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value is below the carrying value. we evaluate intangible assets with finite useful lives and long-lived assets for impairment when circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. our evaluation of impairment requires us to make certain estimates and assumptions including projections of future results. after performing our evaluation for impairment, including an analysis to determine the recoverability of long-lived assets, we will record an impairment loss when the carrying value of the underlying asset, asset group or reporting unit exceeds its fair value. if the estimates or assumptions used in our evaluation of impairment change, we may be required to record additional impairment losses on certain of these assets. if these impairment losses are significant, our results of operations would be adversely affected.
in many jurisdictions, the hotel industry is subject to extensive foreign or u.s. federal, state and local governmental regulations, including those relating to the service of alcoholic beverages, the preparation and sale of food and those relating to building and zoning requirements. we are also subject to licensing and regulation by foreign or u.s. state and local departments relating to health, sanitation, fire and safety standards, and to laws governing our relationships with employees, including minimum wage requirements, overtime, working conditions status and citizenship requirements. in addition, the national labor relations board has revised its standard for joint employee relationships, which could increase our risk of being considered a joint employer with our franchisees. we or our third-party owners may be required to expend funds to meet foreign or u.s. federal, state and local regulations in connection with the continued operation or remodeling of certain of our properties. the failure to meet the requirements of applicable regulations and licensing requirements, or publicity resulting from actual or alleged failures, could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
foreign or u.s. environmental laws and regulations may cause us to incur substantial costs or subject us to potential liabilities.
we are subject to certain compliance costs and potential liabilities under various foreign and u.s. federal, state and local environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. these laws and regulations govern actions including air emissions, the use, storage and disposal of hazardous and toxic substances, and wastewater disposal. our failure to comply with such laws, including any required permits or licenses, could result in substantial fines or possible revocation of our authority to conduct some of our operations. we could also be liable under such laws for the costs of investigation, removal or remediation of hazardous or toxic substances at our currently or formerly owned, leased or operated real property (including managed and franchised properties) or at third-party locations in connection with our waste disposal operations, regardless of whether or not we knew of, or caused, the presence or release of such substances. from time to time, we may be required to remediate such substances or remove, abate or manage asbestos, mold, radon gas, lead or other hazardous conditions at our properties. the presence or release of such toxic or hazardous substances could result in third-party claims for personal injury, property or natural resource damages, business interruption or other losses. such claims and the need to investigate, remediate or otherwise address hazardous, toxic or unsafe conditions could adversely affect our operations, the value of any affected real property, or our ability to sell, lease or assign our rights in any such property, or could otherwise harm our business or reputation. environmental, health and safety requirements have also become increasingly stringent, and our costs may increase as a result. new or revised laws and regulations or new interpretations of existing laws and regulations, such as those related to climate change, could affect the operation of our properties or result in significant additional expense and operating restrictions on us.
the cost of compliance with the americans with disabilities act and similar legislation outside of the u.s. may be substantial.
we are subject to the americans with disabilities act ("ada") and similar legislation in certain jurisdictions outside of the u.s. under the ada all public accommodations are required to meet certain federal requirements related to access and use by disabled persons. these regulations apply to accommodations first occupied after january 26, 1993; public accommodations built before january 26, 1993 are required to remove architectural barriers to disabled access where such removal is "readily achievable." the regulations also mandate certain operational requirements that hotel operators must observe. the failure of a property to comply with the ada could result in injunctive relief, fines, an award of damages to private litigants or mandated capital expenditures to remedy such noncompliance. any imposition of injunctive relief, fines, damage awards or capital
expenditures could adversely affect the ability of an owner or franchisee to make payments under the applicable management or franchise agreement or negatively affect the reputation of our brands. in november 2010, we entered into a settlement with the u.s. department of justice related to compliance with the ada. our obligations under this settlement expired in march 2015 except that certain managed and franchised hotels that were required to conduct surveys of their facilities remain under an obligation to remove architectural barriers at their facilities through march 15, 2022 and we have an obligation to have an independent consultant to monitor those barrier removal efforts during this period. if we fail to comply with the requirements of the ada, we could be subject to fines, penalties, injunctive action, reputational harm and other business effects that could materially and negatively affect our performance and results of operations.
•   location, including proximity to or easy access from major population centers;
•   local, regional or national economic and political conditions;
jurisdictions in which our properties containing casinos are located, including puerto rico and egypt have laws and regulations governing the conduct of casino gaming. these jurisdictions generally require that the operator of a casino must be found suitable and be registered. once issued, a registration remains in force until revoked. the law defines the grounds for registration, as well as revocation or suspension of such registration. the loss of a gaming license for any reason would have a material adverse effect on the value of a casino property and could reduce fee income associated with such operations and consequently negatively affect our business results.
we are subject to risks from litigation filed by or against us.
legal or governmental proceedings brought by or on behalf of franchisees, third-party owners of managed properties, employees or customers may adversely affect our financial results. in recent years, a number of hospitality companies have been subject to lawsuits, including class action lawsuits, alleging violations of federal laws and regulations regarding workplace and employment matters, consumer protection claims and other commercial matters. a number of these lawsuits have resulted in the payment of substantial damages by the defendants. similar lawsuits have been and may be instituted against us from time to time, and we may incur substantial damages and expenses resulting from lawsuits of this type, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. at any given time, we may be engaged in lawsuits involving third-party owners of our hotels. similarly, we may from time to time institute legal proceedings on behalf of ourselves or others, the ultimate outcome of which could cause us to incur substantial damages and expenses, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.
risks related to our proposed spin-offs the proposed spin-offs of our ownership business and timeshare business are contingent upon the satisfaction of a number of conditions, may require significant time and attention of our management, and may have a material adverse effect on us whether or not they are completed.
on february 26, 2016, we announced a plan to pursue a separation of a substantial portion of our ownership business, consisting primarily of our owned hotels located in the u.s. (the "ownership business"), and our timeshare business into separate, publicly-traded companies through spin-offs. the proposed spin-offs are subject to customary conditions, including, but not limited to, the receipt of opinions concerning the tax-free nature of the transactions and the qualification of the entity holding the ownership business as a real estate investment trust (a "reit") for u.s. federal income tax purposes, effectiveness
of appropriate filings with the securities and exchange commission and final approval by our board of directors. in addition, ability to execute the transaction as intended, unanticipated developments or changes in the macroeconomic environment, credit markets and equity markets, as well as other market conditions, may affect our proposed spin-offs. for these and other reasons, we may not complete the spin-offs as expected or at all.
•   execution of the proposed spin-offs will require significant time and attention from management, which may distract them from the operation of our business and the execution of other initiatives that may have been beneficial to us;
•   our employees may be distracted due to uncertainty about their future roles with each of the separate companies pending the completion of the spin-offs;
any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or the price of our common stock.
we may be unable to achieve some or all of the benefits that we expect to achieve from the spin-offs.
although we believe that separating our ownership business and our timeshare business by means of the spin-offs will provide financial, operational, managerial and other benefits to us and our stockholders, the spin-offs may not provide results on the scope or scale we anticipate, and we may not realize any or all of the intended benefits. for example, if the statutory and regulatory requirements relating to reits are not met, the benefits of spinning off the ownership business may be reduced or may be unavailable to us and our stockholders. in addition, we will incur one-time costs and ongoing costs in connection with, or as a result of, the spin-offs, including costs of operating as independent, publicly-traded companies that the spun-off businesses will no longer be able to share. those costs may exceed our estimates or could negate some of the benefits we expect to realize. if we do not realize the intended benefits of the spin-offs or if our costs exceed our estimates, the company or the businesses that are spun off could suffer a material adverse effect on their business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the common stock of the company and the businesses that are spun off that you may hold following the spin-offs may collectively trade at an aggregate value less than the value at which the company's common stock might have traded had the spin-offs not occurred due to, among other factors, the expected or actual future performance of either the company or the businesses that are spun off as separate, independent companies and the future stockholder base and market for the company's common stock and the shares of the businesses that are spun off.
the proposed spin-offs could result in substantial tax liability to us and our stockholders.
the spin-offs are conditioned on an opinion of tax counsel regarding the qualification of the spin-offs as tax-free distributions under section 355 of the internal revenue code of 1986, as amended (the "code"). although the private letter ruling generally is binding on the irs, the continued validity of the private letter ruling will be based upon and subject to the accuracy of factual statements and representations made to the irs by us. further, the private letter ruling is limited to specified aspects of the spin-offs under section 355 of the code and will not represent a determination by the irs that all of the requirements necessary to obtain tax-free treatment to holders of our common stock and to us have been satisfied. moreover, if
any statement or representation upon which the private letter ruling is based is incorrect or untrue in any material respect, or if the facts upon which the private letter ruling is based are materially different from the facts that prevail at the time of the spin-offs, the private letter ruling could be invalidated. the opinion will similarly rely on, among other things, the continuing validity of the private letter ruling and various assumptions and representations as to factual matters made by each of the spun-off companies and us which, if inaccurate or incomplete in any material respect, would jeopardize the conclusions reached by counsel in its opinion. the opinion will not be binding on the irs or the courts, and there can be no assurance that the irs or the courts will not challenge the conclusions stated in the opinion or that any such challenge would not prevail. additionally, recently enacted legislation denies tax-free treatment to a spin-off in which either the distributing corporation or the spun-off corporation is a reit and prevents a distributing corporation or a spun-off corporation from electing reit status for a 10-year period following a tax-free spin-off. under an effective date provision, the legislation does not apply to distributions described in a ruling request initially submitted to the irs before december 7, 2015. because our initial request for the private letter ruling was submitted before that date and because we believe the distribution will be considered to have been described in that initial request, we believe the legislation will not apply to the spin-off of our ownership business. however, no ruling will be obtained on that issue and thus no assurance can be given in that regard. in particular, the irs or a court could disagree with our view regarding the effective date provision based on any differences that exist between the description in the ruling request and the actual facts relating to the spin-offs. if the legislation applied to the spin-off of our ownership business, either the spin-off would not qualify for tax-free treatment or the entity holding the ownership business would not be eligible to elect reit status for a 10-year period following the spin-off.
if the spin-offs and certain related transactions were determined to be taxable, the company would be subject to a substantial tax liability that would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. in addition, if the spin-offs were taxable, each holder of our common stock who receives shares of the new spin-off companies would generally be treated as receiving a taxable distribution of property in an amount equal to the fair market value of the shares received.
risks related to our indebtedness our substantial indebtedness and other contractual obligations could adversely affect our financial condition, our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations, our ability to operate our business, our ability to react to changes in the economy or our industry and our ability to pay our debts and could divert our cash flow from operations for debt payments.
we have a significant amount of indebtedness. as of december 31, 2015, our total indebtedness was approximately $10.5 billion, including $726 million of non-recourse debt, and our contractual debt maturities of our long-term debt and non-recourse debt for the years ending december 31, 2016, 2017 and 2018, respectively, were $227 million, $285 million and $3,493 million. our substantial debt and other contractual obligations could have important consequences, including:
•   requiring a substantial portion of cash flow from operations to be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness, thereby reducing our ability to use our cash flow to fund our operations, capital expenditures and pursue future business opportunities;
•   increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic, industry or competitive developments;
•   making it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our indebtedness, and any failure to comply with the obligations of any of our debt instruments, including restrictive covenants, could result in an event of default that accelerates our obligation to repay indebtedness;
•   restricting us from making strategic acquisitions or causing us to make non-strategic divestitures;
•   limiting our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, product development, satisfaction of debt service requirements, acquisitions and general corporate or other purposes; and
•   limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business or market conditions and placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors who may be better positioned to take advantage of opportunities that our leverage prevents us from exploiting.
we are a holding company, and substantially all of our consolidated assets are owned by, and most of our business is conducted through, our subsidiaries. revenues from these subsidiaries are our primary source of funds for debt payments and operating expenses. if our subsidiaries are restricted from making distributions to us, that may impair our ability to meet our debt service obligations or otherwise fund our operations. moreover, there may be restrictions on payments by subsidiaries to their parent companies under applicable laws, including laws that require companies to maintain minimum amounts of capital and to make payments to stockholders only from profits. as a result, although a subsidiary of ours may have cash, we may not be able to obtain that cash to satisfy our obligation to service our outstanding debt or fund our operations.
certain of our debt agreements impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us and our subsidiaries, which may prevent us from capitalizing on business opportunities.
the indenture that governs our senior notes, the credit agreement that governs our senior secured credit facilities and the agreements that govern our commercial mortgage-backed securities loan impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us. these restrictions limit our ability and/or the ability of our subsidiaries to, among other things:
•   incur or guarantee additional debt or issue disqualified stock or preferred stock;
•   pay dividends (including to us) and make other distributions on, or redeem or repurchase, capital stock;
•   enter into transactions with affiliates;
•   enter into agreements that restrict the ability of restricted subsidiaries to make dividends or other payments to the issuers;
in addition, if, on the last day of any period of four consecutive quarters on or after june 30, 2014, the aggregate principal amount of revolving credit loans, swing line loans and/or letters of credit (excluding up to $50 million of letters of credit and certain other letters of credit that have been cash collateralized or back-stopped) that are issued and/or outstanding is greater than 25 percent of the revolving credit facility, the credit agreement will require us to maintain a consolidated first lien net leverage ratio not to exceed 7.9 to 1.0. our subsidiaries' mortgage-backed loans also require them to maintain certain debt service coverage ratios and minimum net worth requirements.
as a result of these restrictions, we are limited as to how we conduct our business and we may be unable to raise additional debt or equity financing to compete effectively or to take advantage of new business opportunities. the terms of any future indebtedness we may incur could include more restrictive covenants. we may not be able to maintain compliance with these covenants in the future and, if we fail to do so, we may not be able to obtain waivers from the lenders and/or amend the covenants.
our failure to comply with the restrictive covenants described above, as well as other terms of our other indebtedness and/or the terms of any future indebtedness from time to time, could result in an event of default, which, if not cured or waived, could result in our being required to repay these borrowings before their due date. if we are forced to refinance these borrowings on less favorable terms or are unable to refinance these borrowings, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected.
servicing our indebtedness will require a significant amount of cash. our ability to generate sufficient cash depends on many factors, some of which are not within our control.
our ability to make payments on our indebtedness and to fund planned capital expenditures will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. to a certain extent, this is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control. if we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow to service our debt and meet our other commitments, we may need to restructure or refinance all or a portion of our debt, sell material assets or operations or raise additional debt or equity capital. we may not be able to effect any of these actions on a timely basis, on commercially reasonable terms or at all, and these actions may not be sufficient to meet our capital requirements. in addition, the terms of our existing or future debt arrangements may restrict us from effecting any of these alternatives.
despite our current level of indebtedness, we may be able to incur substantially more debt and enter into other transactions, which could further exacerbate the risks to our financial condition described above.
we may be able to incur significant additional indebtedness in the future. although the credit agreements and indentures that govern substantially all of our indebtedness contain restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness and entering into certain types of other transactions, these restrictions are subject to a number of qualifications and exceptions. additional indebtedness incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial. these restrictions also do not prevent us from incurring obligations, such as trade payables, that do not constitute indebtedness as defined under our debt instruments. to the extent new debt is added to our current debt levels, the substantial leverage risks described in the preceding two risk factors would increase.
risks related to ownership of our common stock blackstone's interests may conflict with ours or yours in the future.
blackstone and its affiliates beneficially owned approximately 45.9 percent of our common stock as of december 31, 2015. moreover, under our bylaws and the stockholders' agreement with blackstone, for so long as it retains specified levels of ownership of us, we have agreed to nominate to our board individuals designated by blackstone. thus, for so long as blackstone continues to own specified percentages of our stock, it will be able to influence the composition of our board of directors and the approval of actions requiring stockholder approval. accordingly, during that period of time, blackstone will have influence with respect to our management, business plans and policies, including the appointment and removal of our officers. in particular, for so long as blackstone continues to own a significant percentage of our stock, it may be able to cause or prevent a change of control of our company or a change in the composition of our board of directors and could preclude any unsolicited acquisition of our company. the concentration of ownership could deprive you of an opportunity to receive a premium for your shares of common stock as part of a sale of our company and ultimately might affect the market price of our common stock.
blackstone and its affiliates engage in a broad spectrum of activities, including investments in real estate generally and in the hospitality industry in particular. in the ordinary course of their business activities, blackstone and its affiliates may engage in activities where their interests conflict with our interests or those of our stockholders. for example, blackstone owns interests in extended stay america, inc. and la quinta holdings inc., and certain other investments in the hotel industry and may pursue ventures that compete directly or indirectly with us. in addition, affiliates of blackstone directly and indirectly own hotels that we manage or franchise, and they may in the future enter into other transactions with us, including hotel or timeshare development projects, that could result in their having interests that could conflict with ours. our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that none of blackstone, any of its affiliates or any director who is not employed by us (including any non-employee director who serves as one of our officers in both his or her director and officer capacities) or his or her affiliates will have any duty to refrain from engaging, directly or indirectly, in the same business activities or similar business activities or lines of business in which we operate. blackstone also may pursue acquisition opportunities that may be complementary to our business, and, as a result, those acquisition opportunities may be unavailable to us. in addition, blackstone may have an interest in pursuing acquisitions, divestitures and other transactions that, in its judgment, could enhance its investment, even though such transactions might involve risks to you.
we are no longer a "controlled company" within the meaning of new york stock exchange ("nyse") rules, however, we are permitted to rely on exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements during a one-year transition period. as a result, our stockholders do not yet have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to those requirements.
until may 2015, blackstone controlled a majority of the combined voting power of all classes of our stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors. as a result, we were a "controlled company" within the meaning of nyse corporate governance standards. under these rules, a "controlled company" may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance standards and has one year following ceasing to be a controlled company to comply with all of nyse's corporate governance standards.
because of these nyse transition rules for companies that cease to be controlled companies, we are not required to have our nominating and corporate governance committee consist entirely of independent directors until may 2016. we intend to continue to utilize the nyse's transition period for companies that are no longer controlled companies. accordingly, our stockholders do not yet have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of the nyse corporate governance requirements.
our board of directors declared our first quarterly dividend in july 2015. although we currently pay a quarterly cash dividend to holders of our common stock, we have no obligation to do so, and our dividend policy may change at any time without notice to our stockholders. the declaration and payment of dividends is at the discretion of our board of directors in accordance with applicable law after taking into account various factors, including our financial condition, operating results, current and anticipated cash needs, limitations imposed by our indebtedness, legal requirements and other factors that our board of directors deems relevant.
future issuances of common stock by us, and the availability for resale of shares held by certain investors, may cause the market price of our common stock to decline.
sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that these sales could occur, could substantially decrease the market price of our common stock. in addition, blackstone has pledged substantially all of the shares of our common stock held by it pursuant to a margin loan agreement and any foreclosure upon those shares could result in sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market, which could substantially decrease the market price of our common stock.
pursuant to a registration rights agreement, blackstone and certain management stockholders have the right to cause us, in certain instances, at our expense, to file registration statements under the securities act covering resales of our common stock held by them. these shares represented approximately 46.7 percent of our outstanding common stock as of december 31, 2015. these shares also may be sold pursuant to rule 144 under the securities act, depending on their holding period and subject to restrictions in the case of shares held by persons deemed to be our affiliates. as restrictions on resale end or if these stockholders exercise their registration rights, the market price of our stock could decline if the holders of restricted shares sell them or are perceived by the market as intending to sell them.
in addition, as of december 31, 2015, we had 9,251,754 shares of common stock to be issued upon vesting or exercise of outstanding equity-based awards and an aggregate of 68,627,645 shares of common stock available for future issuance under the 2013 omnibus incentive plan. we filed a registration statement on form s-8 under the securities act to register shares of our common stock or securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of our common stock issued pursuant to our 2013 omnibus incentive plan. accordingly, shares registered under such registration statements will be available for sale in the open market.
anti-takeover provisions in our organizational documents and delaware law might discourage or delay acquisition attempts for us that you might consider favorable.
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that may make the merger or acquisition of our company more difficult without the approval of our board of directors. among other things:
•   although we do not have a stockholder rights plan, and would either submit any such plan to stockholders for ratification or cause such plan to expire within a year, these provisions would allow us to authorize the issuance of
undesignated preferred stock in connection with a stockholder rights plan or otherwise, the terms of which may be established and the shares of which may be issued without stockholder approval, and which may include super voting, special approval, dividend, or other rights or preferences superior to the rights of the holders of common stock;
•   these provisions prohibit stockholder action by written consent from and after the date on which the parties to our stockholders agreement cease to beneficially own at least 40 percent of the total voting power of all then outstanding shares of our capital stock unless such action is recommended by all directors then in office;
•   these provisions provide that the board of directors is expressly authorized to make, alter or repeal our bylaws and that our stockholders may only amend our bylaws with the approval of 80 percent or more of all the outstanding shares of our capital stock entitled to vote; and
further, as a delaware corporation, we are also subject to provisions of delaware law, which may impair a takeover attempt that our stockholders may find beneficial. these anti-takeover provisions and other provisions under delaware law could discourage, delay or prevent a transaction involving a change in control of our company, including actions that our stockholders may deem advantageous, or negatively affect the trading price of our common stock. these provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for you and other stockholders to elect directors of your choosing and to cause us to take other corporate actions you desire.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k.
overview our business hilton is one of the largest and fastest growing hospitality companies in the world, with 4,610 hotels, resorts and timeshare properties comprising 758,502 rooms in 100 countries and territories as of december 31, 2015. our flagship full service hilton hotels & resorts brand is the most recognized hotel brand in the world. our premier brand portfolio includes our luxury and lifestyle hotel brands, waldorf astoria hotels & resorts, conrad hotels & resorts and canopy by hilton, our full service hotel brands, hilton hotels & resorts, curio - a collection by hilton, doubletree by hilton and embassy suites by hilton, our focused service hotel brands, hilton garden inn, hampton by hilton, tru by hilton, homewood suites by hilton and home2 suites by hilton, and our timeshare brand, hilton grand vacations. as of december 31, 2015, we owned or leased interests in 146 hotels, many of which are located in global gateway cities, including iconic properties such as the hilton new york, hilton hawaiian village and the london hilton on park lane. we had approximately 51 million members in our award-winning customer loyalty program, hilton hhonors, as of december 31, 2015.
segments and regions management analyzes our operations and business by both operating segments and geographic regions. our operations consist of three reportable segments that are based on similar products or services: ownership; management and franchise; and timeshare. the ownership segment primarily derives earnings from providing hotel room rentals, food and beverage sales and other services at our owned and leased hotels. the management and franchise segment provides services, which include hotel management and licensing of our brands to franchisees, as well as property management at timeshare properties. this segment generates its revenue from management and franchise fees charged to hotel owners, including our owned and leased hotels, and to homeowners' associations at timeshare properties. as a manager of hotels and timeshare resorts, we typically are responsible for supervising or operating the property in exchange for management fees. as a franchisor of hotels, we charge franchise fees in exchange for the use of one of our brand names and related commercial services, such as our reservation system, marketing and information technology services. the timeshare segment consists of multi-unit vacation ownership properties and generates revenue by marketing and selling timeshare intervals owned by us and third parties, resort operations and providing consumer financing for the timeshare interests.
geographically, management conducts business through three distinct geographic regions: the americas; europe, middle east and africa ("emea"); and asia pacific. the americas region includes north america, south america and central america, including all caribbean nations. although the u.s. is included in the americas, it is often analyzed separately and apart from the americas geographic region and, as such, it is presented separately within the analysis herein. the emea region includes europe, which represents the western-most peninsula of eurasia stretching from ireland in the west to russia in the east, and the middle east and africa ("mea"), which represents the middle east region and all african nations, including the indian ocean island nations. europe and mea are often analyzed separately by management. the asia pacific region includes the eastern and southeastern nations of asia, as well as india, australia, new zealand and the pacific island nations.
system growth and pipeline we continue to expand our global footprint, fee-based business and the capital efficiency of our timeshare business. as we enter into new management and franchise contracts, we expand our business with minimal or no capital investment by us as the manager or franchisor, as the capital required to build and maintain hotels is typically provided by the third-party owner of the respective hotel. additionally, prior to approving the addition of new hotels to our management and franchise development pipeline, we evaluate the economic viability of the hotel based on the geographic location, the credit quality of the third-party owner and other factors. as a result, by increasing the number of management and franchise agreements with third-party owners, we expect to achieve a higher overall return on invested capital.
as of december 31, 2015, we had a total of 1,616 hotels in our development pipeline, representing over 266,000 rooms under construction or approved for development throughout 85 countries and territories, including 31 countries and territories
where we do not currently have any open hotels. all of the rooms in the pipeline are within our management and franchise segment. of the rooms in the pipeline, approximately 142,000 rooms, or more than half of the pipeline, were located outside the u.s. as of december 31, 2015, approximately 134,000 rooms, representing over half of our development pipeline, were under construction. we do not consider any individual development project to be material to us.
our overall supply of timeshare intervals as of december 31, 2015 was approximately 134,000 intervals, or over six years at current sales pace. additionally, we enter into agreements to sell timeshare units developed by third parties. our supply of third-party developed timeshare intervals was approximately 114,000, or 85 percent of our total supply, as of december 31, 2015.
recent events in january 2016, we launched our newest brand, tru by hilton, which is a midscale brand. tru by hilton embraces the value-conscious traveler, offering a back-to-basics experience. each property will include lively social spaces in a large, first floor lobby with a work, play and eat zone, all with a unique personality. as of february 16, 2016, tru by hilton had commitments for 163 properties. the first property is expected to open in the fourth quarter of 2016.
in february 2016, we announced a plan to separate a substantial portion of our ownership business, consisting primarily of our owned hotels located in the u.s., as well as our timeshare business from hilton worldwide to form two additional new publicly traded companies. see item 1a. risk factors and note 29: "subsequent events" in our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k for additional discussion.
•   owned and leased hotels. represents revenues derived from hotel operations, including room rentals, food and beverage sales and other ancillary goods and services. these revenues are primarily derived from two categories of customers: transient and group. transient guests are individual travelers who are traveling for business or leisure. our group guests are traveling for group events that reserve rooms for meetings, conferences or social functions sponsored by associations, corporate, social, military, educational, religious or other organizations. group business usually includes a block of room accommodations, as well as other ancillary services, such as meeting facilities and catering and banquet services. a majority of our food and beverage sales and other ancillary services are provided to customers who are also occupying rooms at our hotel properties. as a result, occupancy affects all components of our owned and leased hotel revenues.
•   management and franchise fees and other. represents revenues derived from management fees earned from hotels and timeshare properties managed by us, franchise fees received in connection with the franchising of our brands and other revenue generated by the incidental support of hotel operations for owned, leased, managed and franchised properties and other rental income.
•   terms of our management agreements vary, but our fees generally consist of a base fee, which is typically a percentage of each hotel's gross revenue, and in some cases an incentive fee, which is based on gross operating profits, cash flow or a combination thereof. management fees from timeshare properties are generally a fixed amount as stated in the management agreement. outside of the u.s., our fees are often more dependent on hotel profitability measures, either through a single management fee structure where the entire fee is based on a profitability measure, or because our two-tier fee structure is more heavily weighted toward the incentive fee than the base fee. additionally, we receive one-time upfront fees upon execution of certain management contracts, as well as a monthly fee based on a percentage of the total gross room revenue that covers the costs of advertising and marketing programs; internet, technology and reservation systems expenses; and quality assurance program costs. in general, the hotel owner pays all operating and other expenses and reimburses costs we incur in operating the hotel.
•   under our franchise agreements, franchisees pay us franchise fees which consist of initial application and initiation fees for new hotels entering the system and monthly royalty fees, generally calculated as a percentage of room revenues. royalty fees for our full service brands may also include a percentage of gross food and beverage
revenues and other revenues, where applicable. in addition to the franchise application and royalty fees, franchisees also generally pay a monthly program fee based on a percentage of the total gross room revenue that covers the cost of advertising and marketing programs; internet, technology and reservation system expenses; and quality assurance program costs. we also earn fees when certain franchise agreements are terminated early or there is a change in ownership.
•   timeshare. represents revenues derived from the sale and financing of timeshare intervals and revenues from enrollments and other fees, rentals of timeshare units, food and beverage sales and other ancillary services at our timeshare properties, which we refer to as resort operations. additionally, in recent years, we began a transformation of our timeshare business to a capital light model in which third-party timeshare owners and developers provide capital for development while we act as the sales and marketing agent and property manager. through these transactions, we receive a sales and marketing commission and branding fees based on the total sales price of the timeshare interval, recurring fees to operate the homeowners' associations and revenues from resort operations.
•   other revenues from managed and franchised properties. these revenues represent the payroll and its related costs for properties that we manage where the property employees are legally our responsibility, as well as certain other operating costs of the managed and franchised properties' operations, marketing expenses and other expenses associated with our brands and shared services that are contractually either reimbursed to us by the property owners or paid from fees collected in advance from these properties when the costs are incurred. we have no legal responsibility for employees at franchised properties. the corresponding expenses are presented as other expenses from managed and franchised properties in our consolidated statements of operations resulting in no effect on operating income or net income.
•   consumer demand and global economic conditions. consumer demand for our products and services is closely linked to the performance of the general economy and is sensitive to business and personal discretionary spending levels. declines in consumer demand due to adverse general economic conditions, risks affecting or reducing travel patterns, lower consumer confidence and adverse political conditions can lower the revenues and profitability of our owned and leased operations and the amount of management and franchise fee revenues we are able to generate from our managed and franchised properties. further, competition for hotel guests and the supply of hotel services affect our ability to increase rates charged to customers at our hotels. also, declines in hotel profitability during an economic downturn directly affect the incentive portion of our management fees, which is based on hotel profit measures. our timeshare segment also is linked to cycles in the general economy and consumer discretionary spending. as a result, changes in consumer demand and general business cycles can subject and have subjected our revenues to significant volatility.
•   agreements with third-party owners and franchisees and relationships with developers. we depend on our long-term management and franchise agreements with third-party owners and franchisees for a significant portion of our management and franchise fee revenues. the success and sustainability of our management and franchise business depends on our ability to perform under our management and franchise agreements and maintain good relationships with third-party owners and franchisees. our relationships with these third parties also generate new relationships with developers and opportunities for property development that can support our growth. growth and maintenance of our hotel system and earning fees relating to hotels in the pipeline are dependent on the ability of developers and owners to access capital for the development, maintenance and renovation of properties. we believe that we have good relationships with our third-party owners, franchisees and developers and are committed to the continued growth and development of these relationships. these relationships exist with a diverse group of owners, franchisees and developers and are not significantly concentrated with any particular third party.
additionally, in recent years we have entered into sales and marketing agreements to sell timeshare intervals on behalf of third-party developers. we expect the sales of timeshare intervals developed by third parties and resort operations to comprise a growing percentage of our timeshare revenue, and revenues derived from the sale of timeshare intervals developed by us to comprise a smaller percentage of our timeshare revenue in future periods, consistent with our strategy to focus our business on the management aspects and deploy less of our capital to asset construction.
•   owned and leased hotels. reflects the operating expenses of our consolidated owned and leased hotels, including room expense, food and beverage costs, other support costs and property expenses. room expense includes compensation costs for housekeeping, laundry and front desk staff and supply costs for guest room amenities and laundry. food and beverage costs include costs for wait and kitchen staff and food and beverage products. other support expenses consist of costs associated with property-level management, utilities, sales and marketing, operating hotel spas, telephones, parking and other guest recreation, entertainment and services. property expenses include property taxes, repairs and maintenance, rent and insurance.
•   timeshare. includes the cost of inventory sold during the period, sales and marketing expenses, resort operations expenses and other overhead expenses associated with our timeshare business.
•   depreciation and amortization. these are non-cash expenses that primarily consist of depreciation of fixed assets such as buildings, furniture and equipment at our consolidated owned and leased hotels and certain corporate assets, as well as amortization of our management and franchise intangibles and capitalized software.
•   general, administrative and other expenses. consists primarily of compensation expense for our corporate staff and personnel supporting our business segments (including divisional offices that support our management and franchise segment), professional fees (including consulting, audit and legal fees), travel and entertainment expenses, bad debt expenses for uncollected management, franchise and other fees, contractual performance obligations and office administrative and related expenses. expenses incurred by our supply management business, laundry facilities and other ancillary businesses are also included in general, administrative and other expenses.
•   impairment losses. we hold significant amounts of goodwill, amortizing and non-amortizing intangible assets and long-lived assets. we evaluate these assets for impairment as further discussed in "-critical accounting policies and estimates." these evaluations have resulted in impairment losses for certain of these assets based on the specific facts and circumstances surrounding the assets and our estimates of fair value. based on economic conditions or other factors at a property-specific or company-wide level, we may be required to take additional impairment losses to reflect further declines in our asset values.
•   other expenses from managed and franchised properties. these expenses represent the payroll and its related costs for properties that we manage where the property employees are legally our responsibility, as well as certain other operating costs of the managed and franchised properties' operations, marketing expenses and other expenses associated with our brands and shared services that are contractually either reimbursed to us by the property owners or paid from fees collected in advance from these properties when the costs are incurred. we have no legal responsibility for the employees at our franchised properties. the corresponding revenues are presented as other revenues from managed and franchised properties in our consolidated statements of operations resulting in no effect on operating income or net income.
•   fixed expenses. many of the expenses associated with managing, franchising and owning hotels and timeshare resorts are relatively fixed. these expenses include personnel costs, rent, property taxes, insurance and utilities. if we are unable to decrease these costs significantly or rapidly when demand for our hotels and other properties decreases, the resulting decline in our revenues can have an adverse effect on our net cash flow, margins and profits. this effect can be especially pronounced during periods of economic contraction or slow economic growth. economic downturns generally affect the results of our owned and leased hotel segment more significantly than the results of our management and franchising segments due to the high fixed costs associated with operating an owned or leased hotel. the effectiveness of any cost-cutting efforts is limited by the fixed costs inherent in our business. as a result, we may not be able to offset revenue reductions through cost cutting. employees at some of our owned and leased hotels are parties to collective bargaining agreements that may also limit our ability to make timely staffing or labor changes in response to declining revenues. in addition, any efforts to reduce costs, or to defer or cancel capital improvements, could adversely affect the economic value of our hotels and brands. we have taken steps to reduce our fixed costs to levels we feel are appropriate to maximize profitability and respond to market conditions without jeopardizing the overall customer experience or the value of our hotels or brands. also, a significant portion of our costs to support our timeshare business relates to direct sales and marketing of these units. in periods of decreased demand for timeshare intervals, we may be unable to reduce our sales and marketing expenses quickly enough to prevent a deterioration of our profit margins on our timeshare business.
•   changes in depreciation and amortization expense. changes in depreciation expense may be driven by renovations of existing hotels, acquisition or development of new hotels, the disposition of existing hotels through sale or closure or changes in estimates of the useful lives of our assets. as we place new assets into service, we will be required to record additional depreciation expense on those assets. additionally, we capitalize costs associated with certain software development projects, and as those projects are completed and placed into service, amortization expense will increase.
other items effect of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations significant portions of our operations are conducted in functional currencies other than our reporting currency, which is the united states ("u.s.") dollar ("usd"), and we have assets and liabilities denominated in a variety of foreign currencies. as a result, we are required to translate those results, assets and liabilities from the functional currency into usd at market based exchange rates for each reporting period. when comparing our results of operations between periods, there may be material portions of the changes in our revenues or expenses that are derived from fluctuations in exchange rates experienced between those periods.
seasonality the lodging industry is seasonal in nature. however, the periods during which our hotels experience higher or lower levels of demand vary from property to property and depend upon location, type of property and competitive mix within the specific location. based on historical results, we generally expect our revenue to be lower during the first calendar quarter of each year than during each of the three subsequent quarters.
key business and financial metrics used by management comparable hotels we define our comparable hotels as those that: (i) were active and operating in our system for at least one full calendar year as of the end of the current period, and open january 1st of the previous year; (ii) have not undergone a change in brand or ownership type during the current or comparable periods reported; and (iii) have not sustained substantial property damage, business interruption, undergone large-scale capital projects or for which comparable results are not available. of the 4,565 hotels in our system as of december 31, 2015, 3,624 have been classified as comparable hotels. our 941 non-comparable hotels included 137 properties, or approximately three percent of the total hotels in our system, that were removed from the comparable group during the last year because they sustained substantial property damage, business interruption, underwent large-scale capital projects or comparable results were not available. of the 4,278 hotels in our system as of december 31, 2014, 3,514 were classified as comparable hotels for the year ended december 31, 2014.
occupancy occupancy represents the total number of room nights sold divided by the total number of room nights available at a hotel or group of hotels. occupancy measures the utilization of our hotels' available capacity. management uses occupancy to gauge demand at a specific hotel or group of hotels in a given period. occupancy levels also help us determine achievable adr levels as demand for hotel rooms increases or decreases.
average daily rate adr represents hotel room revenue divided by total number of room nights sold in a given period. adr measures average room price attained by a hotel and adr trends provide useful information concerning the pricing environment and the nature of the customer base of a hotel or group of hotels. adr is a commonly used performance measure in the industry, and we use adr to assess pricing levels that we are able to generate by type of customer, as changes in rates have a different effect on overall revenues and incremental profitability than changes in occupancy, as described above.
revenue per available room we calculate revpar by dividing hotel room revenue by total number of room nights available to guests for a given period. we consider revpar to be a meaningful indicator of our performance as it provides a metric correlated to two primary and key drivers of operations at a hotel or group of hotels: occupancy and adr. revpar is also a useful indicator in measuring performance over comparable periods for comparable hotels.
ebitda and adjusted ebitda ebitda, presented herein, is a financial measure that is not recognized under u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap") that reflects net income attributable to hilton stockholders, excluding interest expense, a provision for income taxes and depreciation and amortization. we consider ebitda to be a useful measure of operating performance, due to the significance of our long-lived assets and level of indebtedness.
adjusted ebitda, presented herein, is calculated as ebitda, as previously defined, further adjusted to exclude certain items, including, but not limited to, gains, losses and expenses in connection with: (i) asset dispositions for both consolidated and unconsolidated investments; (ii) foreign currency transactions; (iii) debt restructurings/retirements; (iv) non-cash impairment losses; (v) furniture, fixtures and equipment ("ff&e") replacement reserves required under certain lease agreements; (vi) reorganization costs; (vii) share-based and certain other compensation expenses; (viii) severance, relocation and other expenses; and (ix) other items. to align with management's view of allocating resources and assessing the performance of our segments and to facilitate comparisons with our competitors, beginning in the first quarter of 2015, adjusted ebitda excluded all share-based compensation expense, not just share-based compensation expense recognized in connection with equity issued prior to and in connection with our initial public offering. we have applied this change in the definition to historical results presented to allow for comparability.
ebitda and adjusted ebitda are not recognized terms under u.s. gaap and should not be considered as alternatives to net income (loss) or other measures of financial performance or liquidity derived in accordance with u.s. gaap. in addition, our definitions of ebitda and adjusted ebitda may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies.
we believe that ebitda and adjusted ebitda provide useful information to investors about us and our financial condition and results of operations for the following reasons: (i) ebitda and adjusted ebitda are among the measures used by our management team to evaluate our operating performance and make day-to-day operating decisions; and (ii) ebitda and adjusted ebitda are frequently used by securities analysts, investors and other interested parties as a common performance measure to compare results or estimate valuations across companies in our industry.
ebitda and adjusted ebitda have limitations as analytical tools and should not be considered either in isolation or as a substitute for net income (loss), cash flow or other methods of analyzing our results as reported under u.s. gaap. some of these limitations are:
•   ebitda and adjusted ebitda do not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs;
•   ebitda and adjusted ebitda do not reflect our interest expense, or the cash requirements necessary to service interest or principal payments, on our indebtedness;
•   ebitda and adjusted ebitda do not reflect our tax expense or the cash requirements to pay our taxes;
•   ebitda and adjusted ebitda do not reflect historical cash expenditures or future requirements for capital expenditures or contractual commitments;
•   ebitda and adjusted ebitda do not reflect the effect on earnings or changes resulting from matters that we consider not to be indicative of our future operations;
•   although depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized will often have to be replaced in the future, and ebitda and adjusted ebitda do not reflect any cash requirements for such replacements; and
•   other companies in our industry may calculate ebitda and adjusted ebitda differently, limiting their usefulness as comparative measures.
because of these limitations, ebitda and adjusted ebitda should not be considered as discretionary cash available to us to reinvest in the growth of our business or as measures of cash that will be available to us to meet our obligations.
results of operations year ended december 31, 2015 compared with year ended december 31, 2014
all world regions experienced revpar growth in 2015 with nearly all growing in occupancy and adr. asia pacific revpar growth led all regions at 9.3 percent, primarily through occupancy, which is a result of our portfolio ramping up in china.  the middle east and africa region continues to face geopolitical unrest and low oil prices, nonetheless revpar still increased as a result of improved year over year demand. u.s. revpar growth of 5.2 percent was primarily driven by adr with demand outpacing supply growth, which is still below the long-term industry average.
increase excluding the effect of foreign currency, acquisitions and disposals   $106              $101
(1)   unfavorable movements were a result of the strengthening of the usd compared to that of currencies primarily in the europe and asia pacific regions, where the majority of our owned and leased hotels outside of the u.s. are located.
as of december 31, 2015, we had 84 consolidated owned and leased hotels located outside of the u.s., comprising 24,205 rooms. revenues increased $52 million, on a currency neutral basis, at our comparable international owned and leased hotels as a result of an increase in revpar of 4.2 percent during the year ended december 31, 2015, which was primarily a result of an increase in transient guest business. additionally, there was an increase in revenues at our non-comparable international owned and leased hotels of $49 million during the year ended december 31, 2015, primarily as a result of the completion of large renovation projects at certain hotels, which had previously limited the availability of those properties to guests.
on a currency neutral basis, our management fees and franchise fees increased $27 million (7.4 percent) and $207 million (22.6 percent), respectively. these increases were a result of increased revpar of 6.3 percent and 5.2 percent at our comparable hotels, respectively, which resulted from increases in both occupancy and adr. the increase in management fees and franchise fees was also a result of the addition of new managed and franchised properties to our portfolio, which are not included in our comparable hotels and contributed $11 million and $50 million, respectively, of increased fees on a currency neutral basis. franchise fees also increased as a result of increased currency neutral licensing and other fees of $104 million.
from december 31, 2014 to december 31, 2015, we added 285 managed and franchised properties on a net basis, including new development and ownership type transfers, providing an additional 42,573 rooms to our system. as new hotels are established in our system, we expect the fees received from such hotels to increase as they are part of our system for full reporting periods.
increase excluding the effect of foreign currency, acquisitions and disposals   $75             $70
(1)   favorable movements were a result of the strengthening of the usd compared to that of currencies primarily in the europe and asia pacific regions, where the majority of our owned and leased hotels outside of the u.s. are located.
fluctuations in operating expenses at our owned and leased hotels can relate to various factors, including changes in occupancy levels, labor costs, utilities, taxes and insurance costs. the change in the number of occupied room nights directly affects certain variable expenses, which include payroll, supplies and other operating expenses.
operating expenses increased $45 million, on a currency neutral basis, at our international comparable owned and leased hotels during the year ended december 31, 2015, primarily as a result of increases in variable operating costs resulting from increased occupancy consistent with improved operations at certain leased hotels. additionally, there were increases in operating expenses at our non-comparable international owned and leased hotels of $25 million during the year ended december 31, 2015, primarily as a result of higher operating expenses at certain hotels where large renovation projects were completed during 2014 and 2015, which is consistent with the $49 million increase in revenues for these hotels.
timeshare sales expense increased during the year ended december 31, 2015 primarily as a result of an increase of $57 million in the cost of sales of our inventory mainly related to the increase in costs to reacquire inventory developed by us resulting from upgrades into third-party developed properties for which we earn commissions. additionally, there were higher sales and marketing expenses as a result of the increase in sales volume, which was primarily attributable to the sale of third-party developed timeshare intervals.
the increase in depreciation expense resulted from assets acquired or placed into service from our owned and leased hotels, net of the effect of asset disposals. the increase in amortization expense was primarily as a result of $13 million in accelerated amortization of a management contract intangible asset related to properties that were managed by us prior to our acquisition of those hotels. the remaining increase was primarily a result of capitalized software costs placed into service during and after 2014.
the increase in general and administrative expenses for the year ended december 31, 2015 was primarily a result of severance costs related to the sale of the waldorf astoria new york of approximately $95 million. the increase in general and administrative expenses was also a result of the increase in share-based compensation expense under our pre-ipo executive compensation plan (the "promote plan") of $34 million, primarily due to the recognition of $64 million of expense when all remaining awards vested in may 2015. additionally, the increase was a result of the reversal of accruals in 2014 related to the termination of a cash-based, long-term incentive plan that was replaced with our 2013 omnibus incentive plan, resulting in an $18 million reduction in general and administrative expense during the year ended december 31, 2014.
the decrease in other expenses primarily represented decreased expenses incurred by our purchasing operations, which were in line with the decrease in revenues from these purchasing operations.
during the year ended december 31, 2015, we completed the sales of the hilton sydney and the waldorf astoria new york. see note 4: "disposals" in our consolidated financial statements for additional discussion.
the decrease in interest expense was primarily as a result of a decrease in our indebtedness due to the debt prepayments of $775 million on our term loan facility (the "term loans") during the year, which resulted in lower 2015 debt principal balances on which interest expense was calculated.
equity in earnings from unconsolidated affiliates   $23                     $19               21.1
the increase in equity in earnings from unconsolidated affiliates was primarily due to improved performance at our unconsolidated hotels, partially offset by $3 million in equity in earnings included in the year ended december 31, 2014 from unconsolidated affiliates that were involved in an equity investments exchange or sold during that year; see note 3: "acquisitions" in our consolidated financial statements for additional discussion.
the net loss on foreign currency transactions for the year ended december 31, 2015 primarily related to changes in foreign currency rates on our short-term cross-currency intercompany loans, predominantly those denominated in australian dollar ("aud"), brazilian real and british pound ("gbp").
the other loss, net for the year ended december 31, 2015 was primarily related to $26 million of transaction costs from the acquisition of properties in connection with the tax deferred exchange, partially offset by a $24 million gain from the capital lease liability reduction from one of our consolidated variable interest entities ("vies").
the other gain, net for the year ended december 31, 2014 was primarily related to a pre-tax gain of $23 million resulting from an equity investments exchange; see note 3: "acquisitions" in our consolidated financial statements, as well as pre-tax gains of $13 million resulting from the sale of two hotels and a vacant parcel of land.
the decrease in income tax expense was primarily the result of a $640 million deferred tax benefit resulting from transactions involving the conversion of certain u.s. subsidiaries from corporations to limited liability companies and the election to disregard certain foreign subsidiaries for u.s. federal income tax purposes. this benefit was offset by an increase in tax expense resulting from a $349 million increase in our income before income taxes. further, income tax expense was affected by the reduction in goodwill in connection with the sales of the waldorf astoria new york and the hilton sydney, as well as the compensation costs incurred under the promote plan for which no tax benefits were recognized. refer to note 18: "income taxes" in our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
segment results we evaluate our business segment operating performance using segment adjusted ebitda, as described in note 23: "business segments" in our consolidated financial statements. refer to those financial statements for a reconciliation of net income attributable to hilton stockholders to adjusted ebitda. for a discussion of our definition of ebitda and adjusted ebitda, how management uses it to manage our business and material limitations on its usefulness, refer to "-key business and financial metrics used by management." the following table sets forth revenues and adjusted ebitda by segment, reconciled to consolidated amounts:
adjusted ebitda:
adjusted ebitda                                            $2,879                  $2,550                        12.9
ownership ownership segment revenues decreased $9 million primarily as a result of the decrease in owned and leased hotel revenues. refer to "-results of operations-year ended december 31, 2015 compared with year ended december 31, 2014-revenues-owned and leased hotels" for further discussion on the decrease in revenues from our owned and leased hotels. our ownership segment's adjusted ebitda increased $64 million primarily as a result of the decrease in owned and leased operating expenses of $84 million offset by the decrease in ownership segment revenues. refer to "-results of operations-year ended december 31, 2015 compared with year ended december 31, 2014-operating expenses-owned and leased hotels" for further discussion on the decrease in operating expenses.
management and franchise management and franchise segment revenues increased $223 million as a result of the increase in revpar at our comparable managed and franchised properties of 5.5 percent, an increase in licensing and other fees, as well as the net addition of hotels to our managed and franchised system. refer to "-results of operations-year ended december 31, 2015 compared with year ended december 31, 2014-revenues-management and franchise fees and other" for further discussion on the increase in revenues from our managed and franchised properties. our management and franchise segment's adjusted ebitda increased as a result of the increase in management and franchise segment revenues.
timeshare timeshare adjusted ebitda increased $15 million primarily as a result of the $137 million increase in timeshare revenue, offset by a $130 million increase in timeshare operating expense. refer to "-results of operations-year ended december 31, 2015 compared with year ended december 31, 2014-revenues-timeshare" and "-results of operations-year ended december 31, 2015 compared with year ended december 31, 2014-operating expenses-timeshare" for a discussion of the changes in revenues and operating expenses from our timeshare segment.
year ended december 31, 2014 compared with year ended december 31, 2013
united states occupancy                            75.4       %        2.3      %   pts.
during the year ended december 31, 2014, we experienced revpar increases in all segments and regions of our business, with occupancy and rate increases in all regions except middle east and africa, where rates declined and market demand increased over 2013.
as of december 31, 2014, we had 40 consolidated owned and leased hotels located in the u.s., comprising 25,276 rooms. the increase in revenues from our u.s. owned and leased hotels was primarily a result of an increase in revpar at our u.s. comparable owned and leased hotels of 6.9 percent, which was due to increases in occupancy and adr of 1.7 percentage points and 4.6 percent, respectively. the increase in revpar at our u.s. comparable owned and leased hotels was attributable to increases in both transient guests and group business. in addition, food and beverage revenues increased 7.0 percent, primarily as a result of increased spending by group customers.
the addition of new hotels to our managed and franchised system also contributed to the growth in revenue. during 2014, we added 29 managed properties on a net basis, contributing an additional 9,142 rooms to our system, as well as 188 franchised properties on a net basis, providing an additional 28,636 rooms to our system. as new hotels are established in our system, we expect the fees received from such hotels to increase as they are part of our system for full periods.
timeshare sales revenue increased $23 million as a result of increases in commissions recognized from the sale of third-party developed intervals of approximately $47 million, partially offset by a decrease of approximately $24 million in revenue from the sale of timeshare intervals developed by us, primarily resulting from the deferral of revenue recognition due to sales of developed projects that are partially complete. we expect the decline in sales of our owned timeshare inventory to continue as we further develop our capital light timeshare business with a focus on selling timeshare intervals on behalf of third-party developers. resort operations revenue increased approximately $37 million resulting from increased transient rentals.
the increase in international owned and leased hotels operating expenses included a favorable movement in foreign currency rates of $9 million; on a currency neutral basis, operating expenses increased $27 million. the increase resulted from the opening of a new property in 2014, which had operating expenses of $13 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. the increase in currency neutral expenses was also a result of a benefit of $11 million recognized as a reduction in rent expense during the year ended december 31, 2013 relating to a termination payment received for one of our properties with a ground lease.
the $30 million increase in amortization expense was primarily a result of capitalized software costs placed into service during and after 2013. depreciation expense decreased $5 million in 2014, primarily as a result of $10 million in accelerated depreciation recognized in 2013 resulting from a lease termination at one of our properties, offset by additional depreciation expense from our owned and leased hotels resulting from assets placed in service during and after 2013.
general and administrative expenses for the year ended december 31, 2014 decreased as a result of a $281 million decrease in share-based compensation expense issued prior to and in connection with our initial public offering ("ipo"). we incurred $306 million of share-based compensation expense related to the promote plan concurrent with our ipo during the fourth quarter of 2013.
the increase of $24 million in other expenses was primarily from our purchasing operations, which is consistent with the increase in revenues from our purchasing operations.
interest expense remained relatively unchanged from 2013. our overall borrowing rate increased based on a series of transactions related to a debt refinancing occurring in october 2013; however, we reduced our outstanding borrowings during 2014. additionally, interest expense included the accelerated amortization of $13 million and $23 million of debt issuance costs and original issue discount related to voluntary prepayments on the term loans during the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
equity in earnings from unconsolidated affiliates   $19                     $16               18.8
the increase in equity in earnings from unconsolidated affiliates were primarily a result of improved performance of our unconsolidated affiliates.
the net gain (loss) on foreign currency transactions was primarily a result of changes in foreign currency rates on our short-term cross-currency intercompany loans, which are primarily denominated in gbp and aud. both gbp and aud weakened against the usd during the year ended december 31, 2014, resulting in a gain on foreign currency transactions. further, in 2014 we designated certain gbp denominated intercompany loan receivables as long-term, limiting our exposure to changes in the gbp currency rate. this resulted in $81 million in losses included in other comprehensive income (loss) for the year ended december 31, 2014 that would have otherwise been included in gain (loss) on foreign currency transactions.
the other gain, net for the year ended december 31, 2014 was primarily related to a pre-tax gain of $23 million resulting from an equity investments exchange; see note 3: "acquisitions" in our consolidated financial statements, as well as pre-tax gains of $13 million resulting from the sale of two hotels and a vacant parcel of land.
the other gain, net for the year ended december 31, 2013 was primarily related to a capital lease restructuring by one of our consolidated vies during the period. the revised terms reduced the future minimum lease payments, resulting in a reduction of the capital lease obligation and a residual amount, which was recorded in other gain, net.
the increase in income tax expense was primarily the result of an increase in u.s. federal and state taxes as a result of higher taxable income. additionally, during the year ended december 31, 2013, we released valuation allowances against certain foreign and state deferred tax assets, which provided a tax benefit of $121 million. refer to note 18: "income taxes" in our consolidated financial statements for a reconciliation of our tax provision at the u.s. statutory rate to our provision for income taxes.
segment results the following table sets forth revenues and adjusted ebitda by segment, reconciled to consolidated amounts:
adjusted ebitda:
adjusted ebitda                                            $2,550                  $2,210                        15.4
ownership ownership segment revenues increased $196 million as a result of an improvement in revpar of 5.6 percent at our comparable owned and leased hotels. refer to "-results of operations-year ended december 31, 2014 compared with year ended december 31, 2013-revenues-owned and leased hotels" for further discussion on the increase in revenues from our owned and leased hotels. our ownership segment's adjusted ebitda increased $73 million primarily as a result of the increase in ownership segment revenues, offset by an increase in operating expenses at our owned and leased hotels of $105 million. refer to "-results of operations-year ended december 31, 2014 compared with year ended december 31, 2013-operating expenses-owned and leased hotels" for further discussion on the increase in operating expenses.
management and franchise refer to "-results of operations-year ended december 31, 2014 compared with year ended december 31, 2013-revenues-management and franchise fees and other" for further discussion on the increase in revenues from our managed and franchised properties. our management and franchise segment's adjusted ebitda increased as a result of the increase in management and franchise segment revenues.
timeshare refer to "-results of operations-year ended december 31, 2014 compared with year ended december 31, 2013-revenues-timeshare" for a discussion of the increase in revenues from our timeshare segment. our timeshare segment's adjusted ebitda increased $37 million primarily as a result of the $62 million increase in timeshare revenue, offset by a $37 million increase in timeshare operating expense. refer to "-results of operations-year ended december 31, 2014 compared with year ended december 31, 2013-operating expenses-timeshare" for a discussion of the decrease in operating expenses from our timeshare segment.
supplemental financial data for unrestricted u.s. real estate subsidiaries as of december 31, 2015, we owned majority or controlling financial interests in 56 hotels, representing 29,269 rooms. see "part i-item 2. properties" for more information on each of our owned hotels. of these owned hotels, 36 hotels representing an aggregate of 23,913 rooms as of december 31, 2015, were owned by subsidiaries that we collectively refer to as our "unrestricted u.s. real estate subsidiaries." the properties held by our unrestricted u.s. real estate subsidiaries secure either a $3,418 million commercial mortgage-backed securities loan secured by 22 u.s. owned real estate assets (the "cmbs loan") or one of our mortgage loans secured by four other properties that total in aggregate $492 million and are not
included in the collateral securing our borrowings under our senior secured credit facility (the "senior secured credit facility") and the unrestricted u.s. real estate subsidiaries do not guarantee obligations under our senior secured credit facility or our $1.5 billion of 5.625% senior notes due 2021 (the "senior notes"). in addition, the unrestricted u.s. real estate subsidiaries are not subject to any of the restrictive covenants in the indenture that governs our senior notes. for further discussion, see "-liquidity and capital resources" and note 12: "debt" in our consolidated financial statements.
we have included this supplemental financial data to comply with certain financial information requirements regarding our unrestricted u.s. real estate subsidiaries set forth in the indenture that governs our senior notes. for the year ended december 31, 2015, the unrestricted u.s. real estate subsidiaries represented 19.9 percent of our total revenues, 15.8 percent of net income attributable to hilton stockholders and 24.4 percent of our adjusted ebitda, and as of december 31, 2015, represented 34.8 percent of our total assets and 33.8 percent of our total liabilities.
the following tables present supplemental unaudited financial data, as required by the indenture, for our unrestricted u.s. real estate subsidiaries:
capital expenditures for property and equipment         203                   152                   136
adjusted ebitda(1)                                      702                   621                   567
operating activities                                    415                   438                   366
investing activities                                    251                  (149    )             (164    )
financing activities                                   (644    )             (307    )             (185    )
(1)   the following table provides a reconciliation of our unrestricted u.s. real estate subsidiaries' net income attributable to hilton stockholders, which we believe is the most closely comparable u.s. gaap measure, to ebitda and to adjusted ebitda.
ebitda                                                           808                 642                 554
other adjustment items                                             1                   3                  13
adjusted ebitda                                                 $702                $621                $567
liabilities       6,689               6,774
liquidity and capital resources overview as of december 31, 2015, we had total cash and cash equivalents of $856 million, including $247 million of restricted cash and cash equivalents. the majority of our restricted cash and cash equivalents balance relates to cash collateral on our self-insurance programs, escrowed cash from our timeshare operations and cash restricted under our debt agreements.
our known short-term liquidity requirements primarily consist of funds necessary to pay for operating expenses and other expenditures, including corporate expenses, payroll and related benefits, legal costs, operating costs associated with the management of hotels, interest and scheduled principal payments on our outstanding indebtedness, contract acquisition costs and capital expenditures for renovations and maintenance at our owned and leased hotels. our long-term liquidity requirements primarily consist of funds necessary to pay for scheduled debt maturities, capital improvements at our owned and leased hotels, purchase commitments, dividends as declared, costs associated with potential acquisitions and corporate capital expenditures.
we finance our business activities primarily with existing cash and cash generated from our operations. we believe that this cash will be adequate to meet anticipated requirements for operating expenses and other expenditures, including corporate expenses, payroll and related benefits, legal costs and purchase commitments for the foreseeable future. the objectives of our cash management policy are to maintain the availability of liquidity, minimize operational costs and use available cash to pay down our outstanding debt. further, we have an investment policy that is focused on the preservation of capital and maximizing the return on new and existing investments across all three of our business segments.
we and our affiliates, and/or our major stockholders and their respective affiliates, may from time to time purchase our outstanding debt through open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions, or otherwise.  purchases or retirement of debt, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions, and other factors.  the amounts involved may be material.
recent events affecting our liquidity and capital resources during the year ended december 31, 2015, we made prepayments of $775 million on our term loans, including a contractually required prepayment using the net proceeds from the sale of the hilton sydney. in february 2015, we completed the sale of the waldorf astoria new york hotel and repaid in full the $525 million waldorf astoria loan and upon acquisition of the waldorf astoria orlando and the hilton orlando bonnet creek (the "bonnet creek resort"), assumed a $450 million mortgage loan secured by the bonnet creek resort (the "bonnet creek loan"), resulting in a net reduction of $75 million in mortgage debt.
during the year ended december 31, 2015, we made a contractually required prepayment of $69 million on the variable rate component of the cmbs loan in exchange for the release of certain collateral. in december 2015, we paid in full the $64 million mortgage loan assumed as part of an equity investments exchange that occurred in 2014.
in july 2015, we commenced paying quarterly dividends. during the year ended december 31, 2015, we paid $138 million in connection with two quarterly cash dividends of $0.07 per share. in february 2016, we declared a cash dividend of $0.07 per share on shares of our common stock to be paid on or before march 31, 2016 to stockholders of record of our common stock as of the close of business on march 18, 2016.
sources and uses of our cash and cash equivalents the following table summarizes our net cash flows and key metrics related to our liquidity:
net cash provided by operating activities                $1,394                  $1,366                  $2,101                        2.1                 (35.0)
net cash provided by (used in) investing activities         392                    (310     )              (382     )                nm(1)                 (18.9)
net cash used in financing activities                    (1,724     )            (1,070     )            (1,863     )                 61.1                 (42.6)
working capital surplus(2)                                  118         242                                 241                     (51.2)   0.4
(2)   total current assets less total current liabilities.
our ratio of current assets to current liabilities was 1.05 as of december 31, 2015 and 1.11 as of december 31, 2014 and 2013.
operating activities cash flow from operating activities is primarily generated from management and franchise revenues, operating income from our owned and leased properties and sales of timeshare intervals. in a recessionary market, we may experience significant declines in travel and, thus, declines in demand for our hotel and resort rooms and timeshare intervals. a decline in demand could have a material effect on our cash flow from operating activities.
the $28 million increase in net cash provided by operating activities during the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014 was primarily as a result of improved operating results in each of our three business segments, as well as a decrease in cash paid for interest of $29 million, offset by an increase in net cash paid for income taxes of $46 million.
the $735 million decrease in net cash provided by operating activities during the year ended december 31, 2014, compared to the year ended december 31, 2013, was attributable to an increase in cash paid for taxes of $196 million during the year ended december 31, 2014, compared to the year ended december 31, 2013, due to higher taxable income in 2014, as well as a decrease in deferred revenues as of december 31, 2014. in 2013, we collected $650 million from the sales of hilton hhonors points, most of which was deferred revenue as of december 31, 2013. these were offset by a decrease in cash paid for interest of $21 million in 2014 compared to 2013 and other favorable timing differences in cash generated from operating activities.
investing activities the $702 million increase in net cash provided by investing activities during the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014 was primarily attributable to net proceeds from the sales of the waldorf astoria new york and hilton sydney of $1,866 million and $331 million, respectively, offset by $1,410 million in proceeds used in the acquisitions of the properties in the tax deferred exchange during the year ended december 31, 2015. refer to note 3: "acquisitions" and note 4: "disposals" in our consolidated financial statements.
the $72 million decrease in net cash used in investing activities during the year ended december 31, 2014, compared to the year ended december 31, 2013, was primarily attributable to $44 million in proceeds from asset dispositions in the year ended december 31, 2014, related to the sale of two hotels, a land parcel and land and easement rights. additionally, there were no acquisitions in 2014, while during the year ended december 31, 2013, there were acquisitions of $30 million for a parcel of land and a hotel.
our capital expenditures for property and equipment primarily included expenditures related to the renovation of existing owned and leased properties and our corporate facilities. our software capitalization costs related to various systems initiatives for the benefit of our hotel owners and our overall corporate operations.
financing activities the $654 million increase in net cash used in financing activities during the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014 was primarily attributable to a decrease in proceeds from borrowings of $302 million, an increase of repayments of debt of $200 million and the payment of cash dividends totaling $138 million in 2015. the changes in borrowings and repayments of debt were primarily due to the repayment of the waldorf astoria loan of $525 million in connection with the sale of the waldorf astoria new york, as well as $775 million of prepayments on our term loans, including a $350 million prepayment using the net proceeds from the sale of the hilton sydney, during the year ended december 31, 2015. comparatively, during the year ended december 31, 2014, we issued $350 million of securitized timeshare debt, of which $300 million of proceeds was used to reduce our outstanding balance on the timeshare facility, combined with prepayments on our term loans of $1.0 billion.
net cash used in financing activities during the year ended december 31, 2014 decreased $793 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2013 due to a decrease in net repayments of debt of $2,041 million. the higher net repayments of debt in 2013 was primarily due to a debt refinancing. additionally, in december 2013 we received $1,243 million in net proceeds from issuance of common stock from our ipo.
debt and borrowing capacity as of december 31, 2015, our total indebtedness, excluding $229 million of our share of debt of our investments in affiliates, was approximately $10.5 billion, including $726 million of non-recourse debt. for further information on our total indebtedness and debt repayments refer to note 12: "debt" in our consolidated financial statements.
the obligations of the senior secured credit facility are unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by us and all of our direct or indirect wholly owned material domestic subsidiaries, excluding our subsidiaries that are prohibited from providing guarantees as a result of the agreements governing our timeshare facility and/or our securitized timeshare debt and our subsidiaries that secure our cmbs loan and other mortgage loans. additionally, none of our foreign subsidiaries or our non-wholly owned domestic subsidiaries guarantee the senior secured credit facility.
if we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow from operations in the future to service our debt, we may be required to reduce capital expenditures, issue additional equity securities or draw on our senior secured revolving credit facility (the "revolving credit facility"). our ability to make scheduled principal payments and to pay interest on our debt depends on the future performance of our operations, which is subject to general conditions in or affecting the hotel and timeshare industries that are beyond our control.
our revolving credit facility provides for $1.0 billion in borrowings, including the ability to draw up to $150 million in the form of letters of credit. as of december 31, 2015, we had $45 million of letters of credit outstanding, leaving us with a borrowing capacity of $955 million. we are currently required to pay a commitment fee of 0.125 percent per annum under the revolving credit facility in respect of the unused commitments thereunder.
letters of credit we had a total of $45 million in letters of credit outstanding as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, the majority of which were outstanding under the revolving credit facility and related to our guarantees on debt and other obligations of third parties and self-insurance programs. the maturities of the letters of credit were within one year as of december 31, 2015.
capital lease obligations recourse                              156                       6                      12                    12                       126
purchase commitments                  307                      63                      52                   187                         5
the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits as of december 31, 2015 was $407 million. these amounts are excluded from the table above because they are uncertain and subject to the findings of the taxing authorities in the jurisdictions where we are subject to tax. it is possible that the amount of the liability for unrecognized tax benefits could change during the next year. refer to note 18: "income taxes" in our consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our liability for unrecognized tax benefits.
in addition to the purchase commitments in the table above, in the normal course of business we enter into purchase commitments for which we are reimbursed by the owners of our managed and franchised hotels. these obligations have minimal or no effect on our net income and cash flow.
off-balance sheet arrangements our off-balance sheet arrangements as of december 31, 2015 included letters of credit of $45 million, guarantees of $25 million for debt and obligations of third parties, performance guarantees with possible cash outlays totaling approximately $83 million, of which we have accrued $33 million as of december 31, 2015 for estimated probable exposure, and construction contract commitments of approximately $56 million for capital expenditures at our owned, leased and consolidated vie hotels. our contracts contain clauses that allow us to cancel all or some portion of the work. if cancellation of a contract occurred, our commitment would be any costs incurred up to the cancellation date, in addition to any costs associated with the discharge of the contract. additionally, during 2010, in conjunction with a lawsuit settlement, an affiliate of blackstone entered into service contracts with the plaintiff. as part of the settlement, we entered into a guarantee with the plaintiff to pay any shortfall that this affiliate does not fund related to those service contracts. the remaining potential exposure under this guarantee as of december 31, 2015 was approximately $22 million. see note 24: "commitments and contingencies" in our consolidated financial statements for further discussion on these amounts.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of our consolidated financial statements in accordance with u.s. gaap requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of the date of the consolidated financial statements, the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods and the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying footnotes. we believe that of our significant accounting policies, which are described in note 2: "basis of presentation and summary of significant accounting policies" in our consolidated financial statements, the following accounting policies are critical because they involve a higher degree of judgment, and the estimates required to be made were based on assumptions that are inherently uncertain. as a result, these accounting policies could materially affect our financial position, results of operations and related disclosures. on an ongoing basis, we evaluate these estimates and judgments based on historical experiences and various other factors that are believed to reflect the current circumstances. while we believe our estimates, assumptions and judgments are reasonable, they are based on information presently available. actual results may differ significantly from these estimates due to changes in judgments, assumptions and conditions as a result of unforeseen events or otherwise, which could have a material effect on our financial position or results of operations.
management has discussed the development and selection of these critical accounting policies and estimates with the audit committee of the board of directors.
property and equipment and intangible assets with finite lives we evaluate the carrying value of our property and equipment and intangible assets with finite lives by comparing the expected undiscounted future cash flows to the net book value of the assets if we determine there are indicators of potential impairment. if it is determined that the expected undiscounted future cash flows are less than the net book value of the assets, the excess of the net book value over the estimated fair value is recorded in our consolidated statements of operations as impairment losses.
•   determine if there are indicators of impairment present. factors we consider when making this determination include assessing the overall effect of trends in the hospitality industry and the general economy, historical experience, capital costs and other asset-specific information;
•   determine the asset fair value when required. in determining the fair value, we often use internally-developed discounted cash flow models. assumptions used in the discounted cash flow models include estimating cash flows, which may require us to adjust for specific market conditions, as well as capitalization rates, which are based on location, property or asset type, market-specific dynamics and overall economic performance. the discount rate takes into account our weighted average cost of capital according to our capital structure and other market specific considerations.
we had $9,119 million of property and equipment, net and $1,735 million of intangible assets with finite lives as of december 31, 2015. changes in estimates and assumptions used in our impairment testing of property and equipment and intangible assets with finite lives could result in future impairment losses, which could be material.
in conjunction with our regular assessment of impairment, we did not identify any property and equipment with indicators of impairment for which a 10 percent reduction in our estimate of undiscounted future cash flows would result in additional impairment losses. we did not identify any intangible assets with finite lives for which a 10 percent reduction in our estimates of undiscounted future cash flows, projected operating results or other significant assumptions would result in impairment losses.
investments in affiliates we evaluate our investments in affiliates for impairment when there are indicators that the fair value of our investment may be less than our carrying value. we record an impairment loss when we determine there has been an "other-than-temporary" decline in the investment's fair value. if an identified event or change in circumstances requires an evaluation to determine if the value of an investment may have an other-than-temporary decline, we assess the fair value of the investment based on the accepted valuation methods, which include discounted cash flows, estimates of sales proceeds and external appraisals. if an investment's fair value is below its carrying value and the decline is considered to be other-than-temporary, we will recognize an impairment loss in equity in earnings (losses) from unconsolidated affiliates for equity method investments or impairment losses for cost method investments in our consolidated statements of operations.
our investments in affiliates consist primarily of our interests in entities that own or lease hotels. as such, the factors we consider when determining if there are indicators of potential impairment are similar to property and equipment discussed above. if there are indicators of potential impairment, we estimate the fair value of our equity method and cost method investments by internally developed discounted cash flow models. the principal factors used in our discounted cash flow models that require judgment are the same as the items discussed in property and equipment above.
in conjunction with our regular assessment of impairment, we did not identify any investments in affiliates with indicators of impairment for which a 10 percent change in our estimates of future cash flows or other significant assumptions would result in material impairment losses.
business combinations property and equipment are recorded at fair value and allocated to land, buildings and leasehold improvements and furniture and equipment using appraisals and valuations performed by management and independent third parties. fair values are based on the exit price (i.e., the price that would be received to sell an asset or transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date). we evaluate several factors, including market data for similar assets, expected future cash flows discounted at risk adjusted rates and replacement cost for the assets to determine an appropriate exit price when evaluating the fair value of our assets. changes to these factors could affect the measurement and allocation of fair value. other assets and liabilities acquired in a business combination are recorded based on the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at acquisition date.
goodwill we review the carrying value of our goodwill by comparing the carrying value of our reporting units to their fair value. our reporting units are the same as our operating segments as described in note 23: "business segments" in our consolidated financial statements. we perform this evaluation annually or at an interim date if indicators of impairment exist. in any given year we may elect to perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. if we cannot determine qualitatively that the fair value is in excess of the carrying value, or we decide to bypass the qualitative assessment, we proceed to the two-step quantitative process. in the first step, we evaluate the fair value of our reporting units quantitatively. when determining fair value, we utilize discounted future cash flow models, as well as market conditions relative to the operations of our reporting units. under the discounted cash flow approach, we utilize various assumptions that require judgment, including projections of revenues and expenses based on estimated long-term growth rates, and discount rates based on weighted average cost of capital. our estimates of long-term growth and costs are based on historical data, as well as various internal projections and external sources. the weighted average cost of capital is estimated based on each reporting units' cost of debt and equity and a selected capital structure. the selected capital structure
for each reporting unit is based on consideration of capital structures of comparable publicly traded companies operating in the business of that reporting unit. if the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value, then the second step must be performed. in the second step, we estimate the implied fair value of goodwill, which is determined by taking the fair value of the reporting unit and allocating it to all of its assets and liabilities, including any unrecognized intangible assets, as if the reporting unit had been acquired in a business combination.
we had $5,887 million of goodwill as of december 31, 2015. changes in the estimates and assumptions used in our goodwill impairment testing could result in future impairment losses, which could be material. a change in our estimates and assumptions that would reduce the fair value of each reporting units by 10 percent would not result in an impairment of any of our reporting units. additionally, when a portion of a reporting unit is disposed, goodwill is allocated to the gain or loss on disposition based on the relative fair values of the business or businesses disposed and the portion of the reporting unit that will be retained. when determining fair value of the businesses disposed of and the reporting unit to be retained, we use estimates and assumptions similar to that of those used in our impairment analysis.
brands we evaluate our brand intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis or at other times during the year if events or circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the brand is below the carrying value. when determining fair value, we utilize discounted future cash flow models for hotels that we manage or franchise. under the discounted cash flow approach, we utilize various assumptions that require judgment, including projections of revenues and expenses based on estimated long-term growth rates and discount rates based on weighted average cost of capital. our estimates of long-term growth and costs are based on historical data, as well as various internal estimates. if a brand's estimated current fair value is less than its respective carrying value, the excess of the carrying value over the estimated fair value is recorded in our consolidated statements of operations within impairment losses.
we had $1,278 million of guest loyalty liability as of december 31, 2015, including $494 million in current liabilities. changes in the estimates used in developing our breakage rate could result in a material change to our guest loyalty liability. a 10 percent decrease to the breakage estimate used in determining future award redemption obligations would increase our guest loyalty liability by approximately $53 million.
allowance for loan losses the allowance for loan losses is related to the receivables generated by our financing of timeshare interval sales, which are secured by the underlying timeshare properties. we determine our timeshare financing receivables to be past due based on the contractual terms of the individual mortgage loans. we use a technique referred to as static pool analysis as the basis for determining our general reserve requirements on our timeshare financing receivables. the adequacy of the related allowance is determined by management through analysis of several factors requiring judgment, such as current economic conditions and industry trends, as well as the specific risk characteristics of the portfolio, including assumed default rates.
income taxes we recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities based on the differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and the tax basis of assets and liabilities using currently enacted tax rates. we regularly review our deferred tax assets to assess their potential realization and establish a valuation allowance for portions of such assets that we believe will not be ultimately realized. in performing this review, we make estimates and assumptions regarding projected future taxable income, the expected timing of reversals of existing temporary differences and the implementation of tax planning strategies. a change in these assumptions may increase or decrease our valuation allowance resulting in an increase or decrease in our effective tax rate, which could materially affect our consolidated financial statements.
we use a prescribed more-likely-than-not recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return if there is uncertainty in income taxes recognized in the financial statements. assumptions and estimates are used to determine the more-likely-than-not designation. changes to these assumptions and estimates can lead to an additional income tax benefit (expense), which can materially change our consolidated financial statements.
legal contingencies we are subject to various legal proceedings and claims, the outcomes of which are subject to significant uncertainty. an estimated loss from a loss contingency should be accrued by a charge to income if it is probable and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. significant judgment is required when we evaluate, among other factors, the degree of probability of an unfavorable outcome and the ability to make a reasonable estimate of the amount of loss. changes in these factors could materially affect our consolidated financial statements.
consolidations we use judgment when evaluating whether we have a controlling financial interest in an entity, including the assessment of the importance of rights and privileges of the partners based on voting rights, as well as financial interests in an entity that are not controllable through voting interests. if the entity is considered to be a vie, we use judgment determining whether we are the primary beneficiary, and then consolidate those vies for which we have determined we are the primary beneficiary. if the entity in which we hold an interest does not meet the definition of a vie, we evaluate whether we have a controlling financial interest through our voting interest in the entity. changes to judgments used in evaluating our partnerships and other investments could materially affect our consolidated financial statements.
share-based compensation the process of estimating the fair value of stock-based compensation awards and recognizing the associated expense over the requisite service period involves significant management estimates and assumptions. refer to note 20: "share-based compensation" in our consolidated financial statements for additional discussion. any changes to these estimates will affect the amount of compensation expense we recognize with respect to future grants.