item 1a. risk factors the company's business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows are subject to various risks, including, but not limited to, those set forth below, which could cause actual results to vary materially from recent results or from anticipated future results. these risk factors should be considered together with information included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k.
the company's results are impacted by global economic conditions. downturns in the markets served by the company could adversely affect its businesses, results of operations or financial condition.
the company's businesses are impacted by economic conditions around the globe. slower economic growth, financial market instability, high unemployment, government deficit reduction, sequestration and other austerity measures impacting the markets we serve can adversely affect the company's businesses by reducing demand for the company's products and services, limiting financing available to the company's customers, increasing order cancellations and the difficulty in collecting accounts receivable, increasing price competition, and increasing the risk that counterparties to the company's contractual arrangements will become insolvent or otherwise unable to fulfill their obligations.
the global nature of the company's operations subjects it to political and economic risks that could adversely affect its business, results of operations or financial condition.
•   limitations on ownership or participation in local enterprises;
•   price controls, exchange controls and limitations on repatriation of earnings;
•   political, social and economic instability and disruptions;
•   the imposition of duties and tariffs and other trade barriers;
•   limitations on its ability to enforce legal rights and remedies; and
if the company is unable to successfully manage these and other risks associated with managing and expanding its international businesses, the risks could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, results of operations or financial condition.
the timing and amount of benefits from the company's enterprise initiatives may not be as expected and the company's financial results could be adversely impacted.
the company's enterprise strategy and associated initiatives include portfolio management, business structure simplification and strategic sourcing. the portfolio management initiative, which included divesting businesses no longer aligned with the company's long-term objectives, is essentially complete; however, product line and customer base simplification, which is a core element of the company's 80/20 management process, is being reapplied to the company's scaled up operating divisions and remains an active element of this initiative. although these activities are expected to improve future operating margins and organic revenue growth, they are also expected to have a negative impact on the company's overall organic revenue growth in the short term. the company's business structure simplification initiative is also essentially completed, although efforts to realize efficiencies in structure are continuous. in addition, the company continues to seek to benefit from its size and scale in the procurement process through its strategic sourcing initiatives, and the leveraging of purchasing power across businesses involves some execution risk. also, as its portfolio and 80/20 management activities have positioned its businesses for profitable growth, the company has shifted its focus to organic growth and has expressed its belief that organic growth will be 200 basis points above global gdp by the end of 2017. if the company is unable to achieve the expected benefits from these initiatives or is unable to complete these initiatives without material disruption to its businesses, the timing and amount of benefits from these initiatives may not be as expected and the company's financial results could be adversely impacted.
share repurchases constitute a significant component of the company's capital allocation strategy. the company funds its share repurchases with free cash flow and short-term borrowings. the amount and timing of share repurchases will be based on a variety of factors. important factors that could cause the company to limit, suspend or delay its share repurchases include unfavorable trading market conditions, the price of the company's common stock, the nature of other investment opportunities presented to us from time to time, the ability to obtain financing at attractive rates and the availability of u.s. cash.
the company may incur fines or penalties, damage to its reputation or other adverse consequences if its employees, agents or business partners violate anti-bribery, competition, export and import, environmental or other laws.
the company has a decentralized operating structure under which its individual businesses are allowed significant decision-making autonomy within the company's strategic framework and internal financial and compliance controls. the company cannot ensure that its internal controls will always protect against reckless or criminal acts committed by its employees, agents or business partners that might violate u.s. and/or non-u.s. laws, including anti-bribery, competition, export and import, and environmental laws. any such improper actions could subject the company to civil or criminal investigations, could lead to substantial civil or criminal monetary and non-monetary penalties against the company or its subsidiaries, or could damage its reputation.
although the company's financial results are reported in u.s. dollars, a significant portion of its sales and operating costs are realized in other currencies, with the largest concentration of foreign sales occurring in europe. the company's profitability is affected by movements of the u.s. dollar against the euro and other foreign currencies in which it generates revenues and incurs expenses. significant long-term fluctuations in relative currency values, and in particular, an increase in the value of the u.s. dollar against foreign currencies, has had and could have an adverse effect on profitability and financial condition.
if the company is unable to successfully introduce new products or adequately protect its intellectual property, its future growth may be adversely affected.
the company's ability to develop new products based on innovation can affect its competitive position and sometimes requires the investment of significant time and resources. difficulties or delays in research, development, production or commercialization of new products and services may reduce future revenues and adversely affect the company's competitive position. if the company is unable to create sustainable product differentiation, its organic growth may be adversely affected.
protecting the company's intellectual property is critical to its innovation efforts. the company owns patents, trade secrets, copyrights, trademarks and/or other intellectual property rights related to many of its products, and also has exclusive and non-exclusive license rights under intellectual property owned by others. the company's intellectual property rights may be challenged or infringed upon by third parties, particularly in countries where property rights are not highly developed or protected, or the company may be unable to maintain, renew or enter into new license agreements with third-party owners of intellectual property on reasonable terms. unauthorized use of the company's intellectual property rights or inability to preserve existing intellectual property rights could adversely impact the company's competitive position and results of operations.
recent divestitures pose the risk of retained liabilities that could adversely affect the company's financial results.
the company's divestiture activity increased in 2012, 2013 and 2014 in accordance with its portfolio management initiative. though the divestiture element of its portfolio management initiative is essentially complete, the company has retained certain liabilities directly or through indemnifications made to the buyer against known and unknown contingent liabilities such as lawsuits, tax liabilities, product liability claims and environmental matters.
in the past the company has recorded significant goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets on its balance sheet as a result of acquisitions. a number of factors may result in impairments to goodwill and other intangible assets, including significant negative industry or economic trends, disruptions to our business, increased competition and significant changes in the use of the assets. impairment charges could result that adversely affect the company's financial condition or results of operations in the periods recognized.
disruptions or volatility in global financial markets or changes in our credit ratings could increase our funding costs or reduce the availability of credit.
global economic conditions may cause volatility and disruptions in the financial markets. the company's continued ability to meet its cash requirements requires substantial liquidity and access to the financial markets. in addition, the company's borrowing costs can be affected by short and long-term ratings assigned by independent rating agencies. if conditions in the financial markets decline or the company's credit ratings are negatively impacted, its funding costs could be increased or the availability of credit could be diminished.
the supply of raw materials to the company and to its component parts suppliers could be interrupted for a variety of reasons, including availability and pricing. prices for raw materials necessary for production have fluctuated significantly in the past and significant increases could adversely affect the company's results of operations and profit margins. due to pricing pressure or other factors, the company may not be able to pass along increased raw material and components parts
prices to its customers in the form of price increases or its ability to do so could be delayed. consequently, its results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected.
unfavorable tax law changes and tax authority rulings may adversely affect results.
the company is subject to income taxes in the u.s. and in various foreign jurisdictions. domestic and international tax liabilities are based on the income and expenses in various tax jurisdictions. the company's effective tax rate could be adversely affected by changes in the mix of earnings among countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation allowance of deferred tax assets or changes in tax laws. the amount of income taxes and other taxes are subject to ongoing audits by u.s. federal, state and local tax authorities and by non-u.s. authorities. if these audits result in assessments different from amounts recorded, future financial results may include unfavorable tax adjustments.
the company's defined benefit pension plans are subject to financial market risks that could adversely affect its results of operations and cash flows.
the performance of financial markets and interest rates impact the company's funding obligations under its defined benefit pension plans. significant changes in market interest rates, decreases in the fair value of plan assets and investment losses on plan assets may increase the company's funding obligations and adversely impact its results of operations and cash flows.
the company's businesses expose it to potential toxic tort and other types of product liability claims that are inherent in the design, manufacture and sale of its products and the products of third-party vendors. the company currently maintains insurance programs consisting of self-insurance up to certain limits and excess insurance coverage for claims over established limits. there can be no assurance that the company will be able to obtain insurance on acceptable terms or that its insurance programs will provide adequate protection against actual losses. in addition, the company is subject to the risk that one or more of its insurers may become insolvent and become unable to pay claims that may be made in the future. even if it maintains adequate insurance programs, claims could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition, liquidity and results of operations and on its ability to obtain suitable, adequate or cost-effective insurance in the future.
if the company is unable to protect its information technology infrastructure against service interruptions, data corruption, cyber-based attacks or network security breaches, there could be a negative impact on operating results or the company may suffer financial or reputational damage.
the company relies on information technology networks and systems, including the internet, to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities, including procurement, manufacturing, distribution, invoicing and collection. these technology networks and systems may be susceptible to damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to failures during the process of upgrading or replacing software, databases or components; power outages; hardware failures; or computer viruses. in addition, security breaches could result in unauthorized disclosure of confidential information. if these information technology systems suffer severe damage, disruption, or shutdown, and business continuity plans do not effectively resolve the issues in a timely manner, there could be a negative impact on operating results or the company may suffer financial or reputational damage.
forward-looking statements this annual report on form 10-k contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of words such as "believe," "expect," "plans," "intends," "may," "strategy," "prospects," "estimate," "project," "target," "anticipate," "guidance," "forecast," and other similar words, including, without limitation, statements regarding the expected acquisition or disposition of businesses, economic conditions in various geographic regions, the timing and amount of share repurchases, the company's enterprise strategy and its ability to manage its strategic business initiatives and the timing and amount of benefits therefrom, the adequacy of internally generated funds and credit facilities to service debt and finance the company's capital allocation priorities, the sufficiency of u.s. generated cash to fund cash requirements in the u.s., the cost and availability of additional financing, the company's portion of future benefit payments related to pension and postretirement benefits, the availability of raw materials and energy, the expiration of any one of the company's patents, the cost of compliance with environmental regulations, the likelihood of future goodwill or intangible asset impairment charges, the impact of failure of the company's employees to comply with applicable laws and regulations, the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, the outcome of outstanding legal proceedings, the impact of adopting new accounting pronouncements, and the
any forward-looking statements made by itw speak only as of the date on which they are made. itw is under no obligation to, and expressly disclaims any obligation to, update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, subsequent events or otherwise.
itw practices fair disclosure for all interested parties. investors should be aware that while itw regularly communicates with securities analysts and other investment professionals, it is against itw's policy to disclose to them any material non-public information or other confidential commercial information. investors should not assume that itw agrees with any statement or report issued by any analyst irrespective of the content of the statement or report.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations introduction illinois tool works inc. (the "company" or "itw") is a global manufacturer of a diversified range of industrial products and equipment with 84 divisions in 57 countries. as of december 31, 2015, the company employed approximately 48,000 persons.
due to the large number of diverse businesses and the company's decentralized operating structure, the company does not require its businesses to provide detailed information on operating results. instead, the company's corporate management collects data on several key measurements: operating revenue, operating income, operating margin, overhead costs, number of months on hand in inventory, days sales outstanding in accounts receivable, past due receivables and return on invested capital. these key measures are monitored by management and significant changes in operating results versus current trends in end markets and variances from forecasts are discussed with operating unit management.
the itw business model the powerful and highly differentiated itw business model is the company's core source of value creation. this business model is the company's competitive advantage and defines how itw creates value for its shareholders and comprises three unique elements:
•   itw's 80/20 management process is the operating system that is applied in every itw business. initially introduced as a manufacturing efficiency tool in the 1980's, itw has continually refined, improved and expanded 80/20 into a proprietary, holistic business management process that generates significant value for the company. through the application of data-driven insights generated by 80/20 practice, itw focuses on its largest and best opportunities (the "80") and eliminates complexity associated with the less profitable opportunities (the "20"). 80/20 enables itw businesses to consistently deliver world-class operational excellence in regards to product availability, quality, and innovation, while generating superior financial performance;
•   customer-back innovation has fueled decades of profitable growth at itw. the company's unique innovation approach is built on the insight gathered from the 80/20 management process. working from the customer back, itw businesses position themselves as the go-to problem solver for their "80" customers. itw's innovation efforts are focused on understanding customer needs, particularly those in "80" markets with solid long-term growth fundamentals, and then creating unique solutions to address those needs. these customer insights and learnings drive innovation at itw and have contributed to a portfolio of more than 16,000 granted and pending patents;
•   itw's decentralized, entrepreneurial culture allows itw businesses to be fast, focused, and responsive. itw businesses have significant flexibility within the framework of the itw business model to customize their approach in order to best serve their customers. itw colleagues are clear about what is expected of them with regard to itw's business model, strategy, and values. this leads to a focused and simple organizational structure that, combined with outstanding execution, delivers operational excellence adapted to their specific customers and end markets.
enterprise strategy in 2013, itw began the process of transitioning the company onto its current strategic path to fully leverage the compelling performance potential of the itw business model. since then, itw has made considerable progress, as evidenced by the company's strong financial performance over the past three years.
the roots of itw's enterprise strategy began in 2011-2012, when the company undertook a complete review of its performance. itw gathered deep insights from its businesses that were delivering consistent above-market growth with best-in-class margins and returns, and defined a strategy to replicate that performance throughout the company.
based on this rigorous and thorough evaluation, itw determined two paths to deliver world-class financial performance and compelling long-term returns for its shareholders. one, itw needed to shift the company's primary growth engine to organic; and two, the company needed to leverage the itw business model to deliver best-in-class margins and returns.
shift the company's core growth engine to organic in order to pivot to fully focus on organic growth, the company needed to first accomplish several preparatory steps. these key initiatives were a major focus of the company in 2012-2015, which included portfolio management, business structure simplification and strategic sourcing.
the first step, portfolio management, was to construct and maintain a business portfolio capable of delivering consistent above-market organic growth. as part of this initiative to realign the portfolio, itw exited businesses that were operating in commoditized market spaces and prioritized sustainable differentiation as a must-have requirement for all itw businesses. this process included both divesting entire businesses and exiting commoditized product lines and customers inside otherwise highly differentiated itw divisions.
as a result of this work, itw's business portfolio now has significantly higher organic growth potential. itw segments and divisions now possess attractive and differentiated product lines and end markets as they continue to improve margins and generate price/cost increases. this was achieved through product line simplification which focuses on eliminating the complexity and overhead costs associated with smaller product lines and customers, and focuses businesses on supporting and growing their largest customers and product lines. most of this initiative is complete and itw businesses are demonstrating notably improved financial performance; the company expects the remaining product line simplification work to largely be accomplished in 2016.
the second step, business structure simplification, was to scale-up itw's operating structure to support increased engineering, marketing, and sales resources, and to improve global reach and competitiveness, all of which were critical to itw's ability to drive accelerated organic growth. itw now has 84 scaled-up divisions with significantly enhanced focus on growth investments, core customers and products, and customer-back innovation.
with the portfolio realignment and scale-up work largely complete, the company is now able to shift its focus to preparing for, and accelerating, organic growth.
as a third preparatory step, itw is currently in the process of reapplying 80/20 to optimize its newly scaled-up divisions for growth. this process involves first using 80/20 to build a foundation of operational excellence, and then applying 80/20-driven insights to identify the best opportunities to drive organic growth.
once the business is operationally excellent and has identified the right growth opportunities, the final step is to accelerate organic growth. the process of preparing for accelerated organic growth generally takes 18 to 24 months.
based on the financial performance of the divisions that are further along in this process, the company believes that this framework is capable of delivering above market organic growth in all itw segments. many itw divisions are ready to grow and growing above their respective markets, while the rest of the company's divisions are at various phases of preparing to grow. itw management is fully aligned on this plan and very focused on executing it. by the end of 2016, the company expects approximately 85 percent of its businesses to be ready to grow.
leverage the itw business model to deliver best-in-class margins and returns the company's work to deliver best-in-class margins and returns is focused on two key areas of ongoing activity. the first is strategic sourcing, where the company seeks to benefit from its size and scale in procurement processes. sourcing is now a core strategic and operational capability and this improved competitiveness supports itw's organic growth framework. the company's 80/20-enabled sourcing organization has delivered an average of 1 percent reduction in spend each year in 2013-2015 and is on track to do the same in 2016 and 2017.
the second element of the margin and return area of focus is to better leverage the full power of the itw business model through a much more consistent and focused approach to 80/20 best practice implementation across the company. itw has clearly defined what excellence in the practice of itw's 80/20 management process looks like and the result is significant opportunity to create meaningful incremental improvement in margins and returns as evidenced by the
company's improvement in both operating margin and after-tax return on invested capital. these 80/20 initiatives can result in restructuring initiatives that reduce costs and improve profitability and returns.
terms used by itw management uses the following terms to describe the financial results of operations of the company:
•   product line simplification (pls) - focuses businesses on eliminating the complexity and overhead costs associated with smaller product lines and customers, and focuses businesses on supporting and growing their largest customers and product lines; in the short-term, pls may result in a decrease in revenue and overhead costs while improving operating margin. in the long-term, pls is expected to result in growth in revenue, profitability, and returns.
consolidated results of operations in 2015, the company delivered solid financial results driven by the continued successful execution of enterprise initiatives despite foreign currency translation headwinds and challenging end market conditions.
2015                                  2014                    inc (dec)                  organic   acquisition/divestiture     restructuring     foreign currency              total operating revenue       $13,405             $14,484           (7.4      )%            (0.4   )%    (0.2          )%            -        %        (6.8       )%            (7.4   )%
◦   automotive oem, food equipment and construction products had solid worldwide organic revenue growth primarily due to penetration gains, higher market demand and product innovation. organic revenue declined in the welding and test &amp; measurement and electronics segments primarily due to lower demand in the oil and gas end markets and a challenging capital spending environment.
◦   pls activities reduced organic revenue growth by approximately one percentage point.
◦   european organic revenue increased 1.2%. double-digit growth in the automotive oem segment was partially offset by a decline in the polymers &amp; fluids, test &amp; measurement and electronics and welding segments.
•   record operating margin of 21.4% increased 150 basis points primarily due to the benefit of the company's enterprise initiatives related to business structure simplification and strategic sourcing that contributed 110 basis points. lower restructuring expenses and favorable price/cost each contributed 20 basis points of operating margin expansion.
•   free cash flow was $2.0 billion in 2015. refer to the cash flow section of liquidity and capital resources for a reconciliation of this non-gaap measure.
•   the company repurchased approximately 21.0 million shares of its common stock in 2015 for approximately $2.0 billion.
•   adjusted after-tax return on average invested capital was 20.4%, an increase of 140 basis points. refer to the adjusted after-tax return on average invested capital section of liquidity and capital resources for a reconciliation of this non-gaap measure.
2014                                  2013                     inc (dec)                   organic     acquisition/divestiture   restructuring     foreign currency              total operating revenue       $14,484             $14,135                2.5   %               2.6   %             0.6   %             -        %        (0.7       )%             2.5   %
•   operating revenue increased $349 million, or 2.5%, due to an increase in organic and acquisition revenue, partially offset by the unfavorable effect of currency translation which primarily occurred in the fourth quarter. acquisitions primarily included the purchase of a european consumer packaging equipment business and a chinese food equipment business in the third quarter of 2013.
◦   pls activities reduced organic revenue growth by approximately one percentage point.
•   operating margin of 19.9% increased 210 basis points primarily due to the benefit of the company's enterprise initiatives related to business structure simplification and strategic sourcing that contributed 120 basis points and positive operating leverage of 60 basis points. lower restructuring expenses of 20 basis points, favorable price/cost of 10 basis points and lower operating expenses also contributed to the increase in operating margin. operating expenses in 2014 included the impact of lower employee benefit expenses, offset by costs related to continued investment in the business.
•   free cash flow was $1.3 billion in 2014. the 2014 net cash provided by operating activities included $724 million of tax payments related to the disposition of the industrial packaging business. refer to the cash flow section of liquidity and capital resources for a reconciliation of this non-gaap measure.
•   the company repurchased approximately 50.4 million shares of its common stock in 2014 for approximately $4.3 billion.
•   adjusted after-tax return on average invested capital was 19.0%, an increase of 260 basis points. refer to the adjusted after-tax return on average invested capital section of liquidity and capital resources for a reconciliation of this non-gaap measure.
segments are allocated a fixed overhead charge based on the segment's revenue. expenses not charged to the segments are reported separately as unallocated. because the unallocated category includes a variety of items, it is subject to fluctuations on a quarterly and annual basis.
automotive oem this segment is a global, niche supplier to top tier oems, providing unique innovation to address pain points for sophisticated customers with complex problems. businesses in this segment produce components and fasteners for automotive-related applications. this segment primarily serves the automotive original equipment manufacturers and tiers market. products in this segment include:
2015                                  2014                    inc (dec)                   organic     acquisition/divestiture   restructuring       foreign exchange              total operating revenue        $2,529              $2,590           (2.4      )%              5.8   %            (0.2   )%            -          %        (8.0       )%            (2.4   )%
•   operating margin was 24.2%. the increase of 100 basis points was primarily driven by 80 basis points of operating leverage, the net benefits from the company's enterprise initiatives and favorable price/cost of 10 basis points.
2014                                  2013                     inc (dec)                   organic   acquisition/divestiture     restructuring     foreign exchange              total operating revenue        $2,590              $2,396                8.1   %               8.9   %     (0.1          )%            -        %        (0.7       )%             8.1   %
•   operating margin increased 270 basis points to 23.2% primarily driven by positive operating leverage of 140 basis points, the net benefits of the company's enterprise initiatives and lower restructuring expenses, partially offset by unfavorable price/cost of 30 basis points.
test & measurement and electronics this segment is a branded and innovative producer of test and measurement and electronic manufacturing and maintenance, repair, and operations, or "mro" solutions that improve efficiency and quality for customers in diverse end markets. businesses in this segment produce equipment, consumables, and related software for testing and measuring of materials and structures, as well as equipment and consumables used in the production of electronic subassemblies and microelectronics. this segment primarily
serves the electronics, general industrial, industrial capital goods, automotive original equipment manufacturers and tiers, and consumer durables markets. products in this segment include:
•   pressure sensitive adhesives and components for telecommunications, electronics, medical and transportation applications.
◦   organic revenue for the worldwide test and measurement businesses decreased 5.9% primarily due to the impact of a weak capital spending environment in north america and europe.
•   operating margin was 16.3%. the increase of 90 basis points was primarily driven by the net benefits resulting from the company's enterprise initiatives and cost management of 190 basis points, lower restructuring expenses, and favorable price/cost of 20 basis points, partially offset by negative operating leverage of 170 basis points.
◦   worldwide electronics organic revenue increased 1.2% primarily due to a 2.0% increase in the other electronics businesses, which was driven by growth in the contamination control businesses, resulting primarily from increased demand across all major regions, the pressure sensitive adhesives businesses, primarily due to higher market demand in europe, and the static control businesses, primarily due to increased sales to the industrial end market in asia and north america. organic revenue for the electronic assembly businesses declined 0.7% but showed improvement in the second half of the year.
•   operating margin increased 60 basis points to 15.4% primarily due to the benefits resulting from the company's enterprise initiatives and positive operating leverage of 40 basis points, partially offset by the impact of a discrete claim recovery in 2013 of 30 basis points and higher restructuring expenses.
food equipment this segment is a highly focused and branded industry-leader in commercial food equipment differentiated by innovation and integrated service offerings. this segment primarily serves the food institutional/restaurant, food service and food retail markets. products in this segment include:
•   kitchen exhaust, ventilation and pollution control systems; and
2015                                  2014                    inc (dec)                   organic   acquisition/divestiture     restructuring     foreign exchange              total operating revenue        $2,096              $2,177           (3.7      )%              3.4   %     -             %             -        %        (7.1       )%            (3.7   )%
•   operating margin was 23.7%. the 290 basis point improvement was primarily driven by the benefits of the company's enterprise initiatives, partially offset by additional investment in the business that contributed 160 basis points, positive operating leverage of 80 basis points and favorable price/cost of 30 basis points.
2014                                  2013                     inc (dec)                   organic     acquisition/divestiture   restructuring     foreign exchange              total operating revenue        $2,177              $2,047                6.4   %               4.7   %             1.7   %             -        %        -          %              6.4   %
•   operating revenue increased 6.4% due to an increase in organic and acquisition revenue. the increase in revenue from acquisitions was due to the purchase of a chinese food equipment business in the third quarter of 2013.
•   operating margin increased 200 basis points to 20.8% primarily due to positive operating leverage of 120 basis points, the benefits of the company's enterprise initiatives, favorable price/cost of 20 basis points and lower restructuring expenses.
•   operating margin was 19.6%. the 110 basis point improvement was primarily driven by the net benefits of the company's enterprise initiatives and cost management of 150 basis points and lower restructuring expenses, partially offset by lower variable margins due to product mix and negative operating leverage of 40 basis points.
•   worldwide organic revenue declined 1.2% as ongoing pls activities negatively impacted organic revenue by approximately two percentage points.
•   operating margin improved 170 basis points to 18.5% primarily due to lower operating expenses driven by the benefits of the company's enterprise initiatives and lower restructuring expenses, partially offset by negative operating leverage of 30 basis points.
welding this segment is a branded value-added equipment and specialty consumable manufacturer with innovative and leading technology. businesses in this segment produce arc welding equipment, consumables and accessories for a wide array of industrial and commercial applications. this segment primarily serves the general industrial market, which includes fabrication, shipbuilding and other general industrial markets, and energy, mro, construction, and industrial capital goods markets. products in this segment include:
2015                                  2014                    inc (dec)                 organic   acquisition/divestiture     restructuring        foreign exchange            total operating revenue        $1,650              $1,850           (10.8      )%          (7.6   )%    (0.1          )%            -        %            (3.1   )%            (10.8   )%
•   worldwide organic revenue decreased 7.6% due to lower demand in the oil and gas end markets, the impact of a soft capital spending environment and continued pls activities.
•   operating margin was 25.2%. the decline of 70 basis points was primarily due to negative operating leverage of 130 basis points and lower variable margins due to product mix from lower sales of higher margin equipment, partially offset by favorable price/cost of 50 basis points and the net benefits of the company's enterprise initiatives.
2014                                  2013                    inc (dec)                organic   acquisition/divestiture     restructuring       foreign exchange             total operating revenue        $1,850              $1,837              0.7   %             1.2   %     0.3           %             -          %        (0.8       )%            0.7   %
•   operating revenue increased 0.7% due to the increase in organic and acquisition revenue, partially offset by the unfavorable effect of currency translation. the increase from acquisition revenue was due to the purchase of a european supplier of welding consumables in the first quarter of 2013.
◦   international organic revenue decreased 10.4% primarily due to a delay in china oil and gas pipeline projects and continued pls activities in europe.
•   operating margin increased 60 basis points to 25.9% primarily due to the benefits of the company's enterprise initiatives, favorable price/cost of 40 basis points and favorable operating leverage of 20 basis points, partially offset by higher overhead expenses driven by continued investment in product innovation.
2015                                  2014                    inc (dec)                   organic     acquisition/divestiture   restructuring     foreign exchange              total operating revenue        $1,587              $1,707           (7.0      )%              3.7   %            (0.5   )%            -        %        (10.2      )%            (7.0   )%
◦   international organic revenue increased 1.8%. asia pacific organic revenue increased 4.0% primarily due to growth in australia and new zealand. european organic revenue decreased 0.3% primarily due to ongoing pls activities.
•   operating margin improved 290 basis points to 19.9% primarily due to the net benefits of the company's enterprise initiatives and cost management of 150 basis points, positive operating leverage of 100 basis points and lower restructuring expenses.
2014                                  2013                     inc (dec)                   organic     acquisition/divestiture   restructuring        foreign exchange           total operating revenue        $1,707              $1,717            (0.6      )%              2.2   %            (0.9   )%            -        %            (1.9   )%            (0.6   )%
•   operating revenue decreased 0.6% primarily due to the negative impact of currency translation and divestitures, partially offset by an increase in organic revenue.
•   worldwide organic revenue increased 2.2%. ongoing pls activities negatively impacted organic revenue by approximately one percentage point.
◦   international organic revenue increased 2.2% as asia pacific increased 7.0% primarily due to strong end market growth in australia and new zealand. european organic revenue declined 2.1% primarily due to lower end market demand in the region and pls activities.
•   operating margin of 17.0% increased 310 basis points primarily driven by the benefits of the company's enterprise initiatives, positive operating leverage of 60 basis points, lower restructuring expenses and favorable price/cost of 20 basis points.
specialty products this segment is focused on diversified niche market opportunities that deliver strong operating results with substantial patent protection producing beverage packaging equipment and consumables, product coding and marking equipment and consumables, and appliance components and fasteners. this segment primarily serves the food and beverage, consumer durables, general industrial, printing and publishing and industrial capital goods markets. products in this segment include:
2015                                  2014                    inc (dec)                  organic   acquisition/divestiture     restructuring     foreign exchange              total operating revenue        $1,885              $2,055           (8.3      )%            (2.3   )%    -             %             -        %        (6.0       )%            (8.3   )%
◦   growth in the consumer packaging businesses, driven by strong food and beverage end market demand, and in the brand identification businesses, due to increased medical, credit card, and automotive end market demand, was more than offset by the impact of a challenging capital spending environment and ongoing pls activities.
•   operating margin improved 190 basis points to 23.3% primarily due to the net benefits of the company's enterprise initiatives and cost management of 150 basis points, favorable price/cost of 50 basis points and lower restructuring expenses, partially offset by negative operating leverage of 50 basis points.
2014                                  2013                    inc (dec)                  organic     acquisition/divestiture   restructuring     foreign exchange              total operating revenue        $2,055              $2,007               2.4   %             (0.3   )%            2.7   %             -        %        -          %              2.4   %
•   operating revenue increased 2.4% in 2014 due to an increase in acquisition revenue, partially offset by the decrease in organic revenue. acquisition revenue was primarily due to the purchase of a european consumer packaging equipment business in the third quarter of 2013.
•   operating margin of 21.4%, an increase of 110 basis points, was primarily due to the benefits of the company's enterprise initiatives, partially offset by unfavorable price/cost of 30 basis points. acquisitions diluted total operating margin by 40 basis points primarily due to lower operating margins and the impact of intangible asset amortization expense.
•   other income (expense) was income of $78 million in 2015, $61 million in 2014 and $72 million in 2013. the increase in income in 2015 versus 2014 was primarily due to a $15 million gain on the sale of a business in the first quarter of 2015. the decrease in income in 2014 versus 2013 was primarily due to a pre-tax gain of $30 million recorded in 2013 related to the acquisition of the controlling interest in an existing equity investment, partially offset by higher interest income ($65 million in 2014 versus $50 million in 2013).
•   the effective tax rate was 30.1% in 2015, 30.0% in 2014, and 30.6% in 2013. the effective tax rate for 2013 was unfavorably impacted by a $40 million discrete tax charge in the third quarter of 2013 related to the tax treatment of intercompany financing transactions that impact the taxability of foreign earnings.
•   the impact of the euro and other foreign currencies against the u.s. dollar decreased operating revenue by approximately $995 million in 2015 versus 2014 and $110 million in 2014 versus 2013. additionally, the impact of foreign currencies against the u.s. dollar decreased income from continuing operations by approximately $153 million in 2015 versus 2014 and $14 million in 2014 versus 2013.
discontinued operations in february 2013, the company announced that it was initiating a review process to explore strategic alternatives for the industrial packaging segment. in september 2013, the company's board of directors authorized a plan to commence a sale process for the industrial packaging segment. the company classified the industrial packaging segment as held for sale beginning in the third quarter of 2013 and no longer presented this segment as part of its continuing operations.
on february 6, 2014, the company announced that it had signed a definitive agreement to sell the industrial packaging business to the carlyle group for $3.2 billion. the transaction was completed on may 1, 2014, resulting in a pre-tax gain of $1.7 billion ($1.1 billion after-tax) in the second quarter of 2014 which was included in income from discontinued operations.
in the third quarter of 2013, the company also committed to plans for the divestiture of a construction distribution business previously included in the construction products segment and a specialty coatings business previously included in the polymers & fluids segment. the construction distribution and specialty coatings businesses were classified as held for sale beginning in the third quarter of 2013.
in the first quarter of 2013, the company committed to plans for the divestiture of two transportation related businesses and a machine components business previously included in the specialty products segment, two construction distribution businesses previously included in the construction products segment, and a chemical manufacturing business previously included in the polymers & fluids segment. these businesses were classified as held for sale beginning in the first quarter of 2013.
the operating results of the businesses discussed above are reported as discontinued operations in the statement of income for all periods presented. as of the second quarter of 2014, the company had completed the divestiture of all of the businesses previously classified as discontinued operations.
income from discontinued operations was $1.1 billion in 2014 and $49 million in 2013. income from discontinued operations in 2014 included the after-tax gain of $1.1 billion on the disposal of the industrial packaging business in the second quarter of 2014. income from discontinued operations in 2013 included after-tax losses on disposals of $72 million and goodwill impairment of $42 million related to various divested businesses. refer to the discontinued operations note in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for discussion of the company's discontinued operations.
new accounting pronouncements in april 2014, the financial accounting standards board ("fasb") issued authoritative guidance to change the criteria for reporting discontinued operations. under the new guidance, only disposals representing a strategic shift in a company's operations and financial results should be reported as discontinued operations, with expanded disclosures. in addition, disclosure of the pre-tax income attributable to a disposal of a significant part of an organization that does not qualify as a discontinued operation is required. the company adopted this new guidance effective january 1, 2015. the new guidance applies prospectively to new disposals and new classifications of disposal groups held for sale after such date. as a result, this guidance did not have any impact on the company's financial statements or related disclosures upon adoption.
in may 2014, the fasb issued authoritative guidance to change the criteria for revenue recognition. the core principle of the new standard is that revenue should be recognized to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. in
addition, several new revenue recognition disclosures will be required. this guidance is effective for the company beginning january 1, 2018. the company is currently assessing the potential impact the guidance will have upon adoption.
in april 2015, the fasb issued authoritative guidance to simplify the balance sheet presentation of long-term debt issuance costs. under the new guidance, long-term debt issuance costs are presented as a reduction of the carrying amount of the related long-term debt. the company early adopted this guidance in the fourth quarter of 2015 and applied it retrospectively to all periods presented. as of december 31, 2014, the company restated $38 million of deferred long-term debt issuance costs from other assets to long-term debt. refer to the other assets and debt notes in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further information.
in may 2015, the fasb issued authoritative guidance removing investments measured at net asset value from the fair value hierarchy disclosures as a practical expedient. the company early adopted this guidance in the fourth quarter of 2015 and applied it retrospectively to all periods presented. adoption of this guidance resulted in changes to the fair value disclosures related to the company's plan assets for pension and other postretirement benefits. refer to the pension and other postretirement benefits note in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further information.
in november 2015, the fasb issued authoritative guidance to simplify the presentation of deferred taxes. under the new guidance, all deferred tax assets and liabilities are presented as noncurrent in the statement of financial position. the company early adopted this guidance in the fourth quarter of 2015 and applied it retrospectively to all periods presented. due to the restatement of current deferred tax assets and liabilities to noncurrent, adoption of this guidance resulted in an increase of noncurrent deferred tax assets of $37 million and a decrease of noncurrent deferred tax liabilities of $167 million as of december 31, 2014. refer to the income taxes note in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further information.
liquidity and capital resources the company's primary sources of liquidity are free cash flow and short-term credit facilities. in addition, the company had $3.1 billion of cash on hand at december 31, 2015 and also maintains strong access to public debt markets. management believes that these sources are sufficient to service debt and to finance the company's capital allocation priorities, which include:
•   external investments in selective strategic acquisitions that support organic growth focus and an active share repurchase program.
in september 2013, the company's board of directors authorized a plan to commence a sale process for the industrial packaging business. the company classified the industrial packaging segment as held for sale beginning in the third quarter of 2013 and no longer presented this segment as part of its continuing operations. as to the impact of this divestiture on the company's income per share from continuing operations and capital structure going forward, the company also indicated that it intended to repurchase approximately 50 million shares through a program utilizing its existing share repurchase authorization to offset the full amount of divestiture-related dilution of income per share from continuing operations through a combination of sale proceeds, free cash flow and additional leverage. the company completed this program in the second quarter of 2014. under this program, the company repurchased approximately 14.0 million shares of its common stock in the fourth quarter of 2013 and approximately 35.7 million shares of its common stock in the first half of 2014.
on february 6, 2014, the company announced that it had signed a definitive agreement to sell the industrial packaging business to the carlyle group for $3.2 billion. the transaction was completed on may 1, 2014, resulting in a pre-tax gain of $1.7 billion ($1.1 billion after-tax) in the second quarter of 2014 which was included in income from discontinued operations. a portion of the proceeds was used to fund share repurchases under the program noted above.
the company believes that, based on its revenues, operating margins, current free cash flow, and credit ratings, it could readily obtain additional financing if necessary.
cash flow the company uses free cash flow to measure cash flow generated by operations that is available for dividends, share repurchases, acquisitions and debt repayment. the company believes this non-gaap financial measure is useful to investors
in evaluating the company's financial performance and measures the company's ability to generate cash internally to fund company initiatives. free cash flow represents net cash provided by operating activities less additions to plant and equipment. free cash flow is a measurement that is not the same as net cash flow from operating activities per the statement of cash flows and may not be consistent with similarly titled measures used by other companies. summarized cash flow information for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 was as follows:
net cash provided by operating activities                                                                 $2,299              $1,616              $2,528
additions to plant and equipment                                                                            (284   )            (361   )            (368   )
acquisition of businesses (excluding cash and equivalents) and additional interest in affiliates              (6   )             (45   )            (369   )
the 2014 net cash provided by operating activities included $724 million of tax payments related to the disposition of the industrial packaging business. cash dividends paid during 2013 do not include the dividend payment of $174 million originally scheduled to be paid in january 2013, which was accelerated and paid in december 2012.
stock repurchase programs on may 6, 2011, the company's board of directors authorized a stock repurchase program, which provided for the buyback of up to $4.0 billion of the company's common stock over an open-ended period of time (the "2011 program"). under the 2011 program, the company repurchased approximately 1.8 million shares of its common stock at an average price of $43.20 per share during 2011, approximately 35.5 million shares of its common stock at an average price of $56.93 per share during 2012 and approximately 26.4 million shares of its common stock at an average price of $71.89 per share during 2013. as of december 31, 2013, there were no authorized repurchases remaining under the 2011 program.
on august 2, 2013, the company's board of directors authorized a new stock repurchase program, which provided for the buyback of up to an additional $6.0 billion of the company's common stock over an open-ended period of time (the "2013 program"). under the 2013 program, the company repurchased approximately 3.3 million shares of its common stock at an average price of $81.62 per share during 2013, approximately 50.4 million shares of its common stock at an average price of $84.92 per share during 2014, and approximately 14.9 million shares of its common stock at an average price of $96.84 during 2015. as of december 31, 2015, there were no authorized repurchases remaining under the 2013 program.
on february 13, 2015, the company's board of directors authorized a new stock repurchase program, which provides for the buyback of up to an additional $6.0 billion of the company's common stock over an open-ended period of time (the "2015 program"). under the 2015 program, the company repurchased approximately 6.1 million shares of its common stock at an average price of $91.78 per share during 2015. as of december 31, 2015, there was approximately $5.4 billion of authorized repurchases remaining under the 2015 program.
adjusted after-tax return on average invested capital the company uses adjusted after-tax return on average invested capital ("roic") to measure the effectiveness of its operations' use of invested capital to generate profits. roic is a non-gaap financial measure that the company believes is a meaningful metric to investors in evaluating the company's financial performance and may be different than the method used by other companies to calculate roic. adjusted average invested capital represents the net assets of the company, excluding cash and equivalents and outstanding debt, which are excluded as they do not represent capital investment in the company's operations, as well as the company's net investment in the former industrial packaging segment and the equity investment in
the wilsonart business (formerly the decorative surfaces segment). average invested capital is calculated using balances at the start of the period and at the end of each quarter.
invested capital:
total invested capital                                                       $9,560             $10,253             $12,412
average invested capital                                                     $9,943             $11,215             $12,581
adjusted average invested capital                                            $9,820             $10,637             $10,935
adjusted return on average invested capital                                    20.4   %            19.0   %            16.4   %
roic increased 140 basis points in 2015 versus 2014 as a result of a decrease in adjusted average invested capital of 7.7%. roic increased 260 basis points in 2014 versus 2013 as a result of improvement in after-tax operating income of 13.0% and a decrease in adjusted average invested capital of 2.7%.
the 2013 effective tax rate included a discrete tax charge of $40 million related to the tax treatment of intercompany financing transactions that impact the taxability of foreign earnings.
a reconciliation of the 2013 effective tax rate to the adjusted tax rate excluding the discrete tax item is as follows:
working capital management uses working capital as a measurement of the short-term liquidity of the company. net working capital at december 31, 2015 and 2014 is summarized as follows:
current liabilities:
net working capital                            $4,352              $4,339                      $13
net working capital increased slightly at december 31, 2015 as lower short-term debt levels were partially offset by lower cash and equivalents resulting from repayments of commercial paper.
cash and equivalents totaled approximately $3.1 billion as of december 31, 2015 and $4.0 billion as of december 31, 2014, primarily all of which was held by international subsidiaries. cash and equivalents held internationally may be subject to u.s. income taxes and foreign withholding taxes if repatriated to the u.s. cash and equivalents balances held internationally are typically used for international operating needs, reinvested to fund expansion of existing international businesses, used to fund new international acquisitions, or used to repay debt held internationally. in the u.s., the company utilizes cash flows from domestic operations to fund domestic cash needs, which primarily consist of dividend payments, share repurchases, acquisitions, servicing of domestic debt obligations and general corporate needs. the company also uses its commercial paper program, which is backed by long-term credit facilities, for short-term liquidity needs. the company believes cash generated domestically and liquidity provided by the company's commercial paper program will continue to be sufficient to fund cash requirements in the u.s.
the company may issue commercial paper to fund general corporate needs, share repurchases, and small and medium-sized acquisitions. the company has committed lines of credit of $2.5 billion in the u.s. to support the potential issuances of commercial paper. of this amount, $1.5 billion is provided under a line of credit agreement with a termination date of june 8,
2017 and $1.0 billion is provided under a line of credit agreement with a termination date of august 15, 2018. no amounts were outstanding under these two facilities at december 31, 2015. the maximum outstanding commercial paper balance during 2015 was $2.4 billion, while the average daily balance was $1.4 billion.
as of december 31, 2015, the company's foreign operations had authorized credit facilities with unused capacity of $296 million.
total debt to ebitda the company uses the ratio of total debt to ebitda to measure its ability to repay its outstanding debt obligations. the company believes that total debt to ebitda is a meaningful metric to investors in evaluating the company's long term financial liquidity and may be different than the method used by other companies to calculate total debt to ebitda. ebitda and the ratio of total debt to ebitda are non-gaap financial measures. the ratio of total debt to ebitda represents total debt divided by income from continuing operations before interest expense, other income (expense), income taxes, depreciation, and amortization and impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets on a trailing twelve month basis.
total debt to ebitda for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 was as follows:
ebitda                                                                   $3,344              $3,395              $3,036
total debt to ebitda ratio                                                  2.2                 2.2                 2.1
stockholders' equity the changes to stockholders' equity during 2015 and 2014 were as follows:
as of december 31, 2015, the company had recorded noncurrent liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits of $171 million. the company is not able to reasonably estimate the timing of payments related to the liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits.
the company did not have any significant off-balance sheet commitments at december 31, 2015.
critical accounting policies and estimates the company has six accounting policies that it believes are most important to the company's financial condition and results of operations, and which require the company to make estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain. management bases its estimates on historical experience, and in some cases on observable market information. various assumptions are also used that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances and form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. actual results may differ from these estimates.
the company's critical accounting policies are as follows:
realizability of inventories-inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. generally, the company's businesses perform an analysis of the historical sales usage of the individual inventory items on hand and a reserve is recorded to adjust inventory cost to net realizable value based on the following usage criteria:
usage classification   criteria                                                                                   reserve %
active                 quantity on hand is less than prior 6 months of usage                                       0      %
slow-moving            some usage in last 12 months, but quantity on hand exceeds prior 6 months of usage         50      %
in addition, for approximately 22% of total inventories, the company has elected to use the last-in, first-out ("lifo") method of inventory costing. generally, this method results in a lower inventory value than the first-in, first-out ("fifo") method due to the effects of inflation.
collectibility of accounts receivable-the company estimates the allowance for uncollectible accounts based on the greater of a specific reserve or a reserve calculated based on the historical write-off percentage over the last two years. in addition, the allowance for uncollectible accounts includes reserves for customer credits and cash discounts, which are also estimated based on past experience.
buildings and improvements   150% declining balance machinery and equipment      200% declining balance the majority of the company's international businesses compute depreciation on a straight-line basis.
income taxes-the company provides deferred income tax assets and liabilities based on the estimated future tax effects of differences between the financial and tax bases of assets and liabilities based on currently enacted tax laws. the company's deferred and other tax balances are based on management's interpretation of the tax regulations and rulings in numerous taxing jurisdictions. income tax expense, assets and liabilities recognized by the company also reflect its best estimates and assumptions regarding, among other things, the level of future taxable income, the effect of the company's various tax planning strategies and uncertain tax positions. future tax authority rulings and changes in tax laws, changes in projected levels of taxable income and future tax planning strategies could affect the actual effective tax rate and tax balances recorded by the company.
goodwill and intangible assets-the company's business acquisitions typically result in recording goodwill and other intangible assets, which are a significant portion of the company's total assets and affect the amount of amortization expense and impairment charges that the company could incur in future periods. the company follows the guidance prescribed in the accounting standards to test goodwill and intangible assets for impairment. on an annual basis, or more frequently if triggering events occur, the company compares the estimated fair value of its reporting units to the carrying value of each reporting unit to determine if a potential goodwill impairment exists. if the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, an impairment loss, if any, is recorded for the difference between the implied fair value and the carrying value of the reporting unit's goodwill. in calculating the fair value of the reporting units or specific intangible assets, management relies on a number of factors, including business plans, economic projections, anticipated future cash flows, comparable transactions and other market data. there are inherent uncertainties related to these factors and management's judgment in applying them in the impairment tests of goodwill and other intangible assets.
as of december 31, 2015, the company had total goodwill and intangible assets of $6.0 billion allocated to its reporting units. although there can be no assurance that the company will not incur additional impairment charges related to its goodwill and other intangible assets, the company generally believes the risk of significant impairment charges is lessened by the number of diversified businesses and end markets represented by its reporting units that have goodwill and other intangible assets. in addition, the individual businesses in many of the reporting units have been acquired over a long period of time, and in many cases have been able to improve their performance, primarily as a result of the application of the company's 80/20 management process. the amount of goodwill and other intangible assets allocated to individual reporting units ranges from approximately $58 million to $1.5 billion, with the average amount equal to $428 million. fair value determinations require considerable judgment and are sensitive to changes in the factors described above. due to the inherent uncertainties associated with these factors and economic conditions in the company's global end markets, impairment charges related to one or more reporting units could occur in future periods.
pension and other postretirement benefits-the company has various company-sponsored defined benefit retirement plans covering a substantial portion of u.s. employees and many employees outside the u.s. pension and other postretirement benefit expense and obligations are determined based on actuarial valuations. pension benefit obligations are generally based on each participant's years of service, future compensation, and age at retirement or termination. important assumptions in determining pension and postretirement expense and obligations are the discount rate, the expected long-term return on plan assets, life expectancy, and health care cost trend rates. future changes in any of these assumptions could materially affect the amounts recorded related to the company's pension and other postretirement benefit plans. see the pension and other postretirement benefits note in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for additional discussion of actuarial assumptions used in determining pension and postretirement health care liabilities and expenses.
the company determines the discount rate used to measure plan liabilities as of the year-end measurement date for the u.s. primary pension plan. the discount rate reflects the current rate at which the associated liabilities could theoretically be effectively settled at the end of the year. in estimating this rate, the company looks at rates of return on high-quality fixed income investments, with similar duration to the liabilities in the plan. a 25 basis point decrease in the discount rate would increase the present value of the u.s. primary pension plan obligation by approximately $37 million.
the expected long-term return on plan assets is based on historical and expected long-term returns for similar investment allocations among asset classes. for the u.s. primary pension plan, a 25 basis point decrease in the expected return on plan assets would increase the annual pension expense by approximately $4 million. see the pension and other postretirement benefits note in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for information on the company's pension and other postretirement benefit plans and related assumptions.