item 1a. risk factors in addition to the factors discussed elsewhere in this report, the following risks and uncertainties could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may impair our business operations and financial condition.
we may not realize the benefits that we expect from our global four-year efficiency and effectiveness program (project k).
in november 2013, the company announced a global four-year efficiency and effectiveness program (project k). the successful implementation of project k presents significant organizational design and infrastructure challenges and in many cases will require successful negotiations with third parties, including labor organizations, suppliers, business partners, and other stakeholders. in addition, the project may not advance our business strategy as expected. as a result, we may not be able to implement project k as planned, including realizing, in full or in part, the anticipated benefits from our program. events and circumstances, such as financial or strategic difficulties, delays and unexpected costs may occur that could result in our not realizing all or any of the anticipated benefits or our not realizing the anticipated benefits on our expected timetable. if we are unable to realize the anticipated savings of the program, our ability to fund other initiatives may be adversely affected. any failure to implement project k in accordance with our expectations could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
in addition, the complexity of project k will require a substantial amount of management and operational resources. our management team must successfully implement administrative and operational changes necessary to achieve the anticipated benefits of project k. these and related demands on our resources may divert the organization's attention from existing core businesses, integrating or separating personnel and financial or other systems, have adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers and customers, and impact employee morale. as a result our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows may be adversely affected.
we may not realize the benefits we expect from the adoption of zero-based budgeting.
we recently adopted zero-based budgeting which presents significant organizational challenges. as a result, we may not realize all or part of the anticipated cost savings or other benefits from the initiative. other events and circumstances, such as financial or strategic difficulties, delays or unexpected costs, may also adversely impact our ability to realize all or part of the anticipated cost savings or other benefits, or cause us not to realize the anticipated cost savings or other benefits on the expected timetable. if we are unable to realize the anticipated cost savings, our ability to fund other initiatives may be adversely affected. in addition, the initiatives may not advance our strategy as expected. finally, the complexity of the implementation will require a substantial amount of management and operational resources. our management team must successfully execute the administrative and operational
changes necessary to achieve the anticipated benefits of the initiatives. these and related demands on our resources may divert the organization's attention from other business issues, have adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers and customers, and impact employee morale.
any failure to implement our cost reduction, organizational design or other initiatives in accordance with our plans could adversely affect our business or financial results.
our results may be materially and adversely impacted as a result of increases in the price of raw materials, including agricultural commodities, fuel and labor.
agricultural commodities, including corn, wheat, soybean oil, sugar and cocoa, are the principal raw materials used in our products. cartonboard, corrugated, and plastic are the principal packaging materials used by us. the cost of such commodities may fluctuate widely due to government policy and regulation, drought and other weather conditions (including the potential effects of climate change) or other unforeseen circumstances. to the extent that any of the foregoing factors affect the prices of such commodities and we are unable to increase our prices or adequately hedge against such changes in prices in a manner that offsets such changes, the results of our operations could be materially and adversely affected. in addition, we use derivatives to hedge price risk associated with forecasted purchases of raw materials. our hedged price could exceed the spot price on the date of purchase, resulting in an unfavorable impact on both gross margin and net earnings.
cereal processing ovens at major domestic and international facilities are regularly fueled by natural gas or propane, which are obtained from local utilities or other local suppliers. short-term stand-by propane storage exists at several plants for use in case of interruption in natural gas supplies. oil may also be used to fuel certain operations at various plants. in addition, considerable amounts of diesel fuel are used in connection with the distribution of our products. the cost of fuel may fluctuate widely due to economic and political conditions, government policy and regulation, war, or other unforeseen circumstances which could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated operating results or financial condition.
a shortage in the labor pool, failure to successfully negotiate collectively bargained agreements, or other general inflationary pressures or changes in applicable laws and regulations could increase labor cost, which could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated operating results or financial condition.
our labor costs include the cost of providing benefits for employees. we sponsor a number of benefit plans for employees in the united states and various foreign locations, including pension, retiree health and welfare, active health care, severance and other postemployment benefits. we also participate in a number of multiemployer pension plans for certain of our manufacturing locations. our major pension plans and u.s. retiree health and welfare plans are funded with trust assets invested in a globally diversified portfolio of equity securities with smaller holdings of bonds, real estate and other investments. the annual cost of benefits can vary significantly from year to year and is materially affected by such factors as changes in the assumed or actual rate of return on major plan assets, a change in the weighted-average discount rate used to measure obligations, the rate or trend of health care cost inflation, and the outcome of collectively-bargained wage and benefit agreements. many of our employees are covered by collectively-bargained agreements and other employees may seek to be covered by collectively-bargained agreements. strikes or work stoppages and interruptions could occur if we are unable to renew these agreements on satisfactory terms or enter into new agreements on satisfactory terms, which could adversely impact our operating results. the terms and conditions of existing, renegotiated or new agreements could also increase our costs or otherwise affect our ability to fully implement future operational changes to enhance our efficiency.
multiemployer pension plans could adversely affect our business.
we participate in various "multiemployer" pension plans administered by labor unions representing some of our employees. we make periodic contributions to these plans to allow them to meet their pension benefit obligations to their participants. our required contributions to these funds could increase because of a shrinking contribution base as a result of the insolvency or withdrawal of other companies that currently contribute to these funds, inability or failure of withdrawing companies to pay their withdrawal liability, lower than expected returns on pension fund assets or other funding deficiencies. in the event that we withdraw from participation in one of these plans, then applicable law could require us to make an additional lump-sum contribution to the plan, and we would have to reflect that as an expense in our consolidated statement of operations and as a liability on our consolidated balance sheet. our withdrawal liability for any multiemployer plan would depend on the extent of the plan's funding of vested benefits. in the ordinary course of our renegotiation of collective bargaining agreements with labor unions that maintain these plans, we may decide to discontinue participation in a plan, and in that event, we could face a
withdrawal liability. some multiemployer plans in which we participate are reported to have significant underfunded liabilities. such underfunding could increase the size of our potential withdrawal liability.
we operate in the highly competitive food industry.
we face competition across our product lines, including ready-to-eat cereals and convenience foods, from other companies which have varying abilities to withstand changes in market conditions. most of our competitors have substantial financial, marketing and other resources, and competition with them in our various markets and product lines could cause us to reduce prices, increase capital, marketing or other expenditures, or lose category share, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. category share and growth could also be adversely impacted if we are not successful in introducing new products or in effectively assessing, changing and setting proper pricing.
we may be unable to maintain our profit margins in the face of a consolidating retail environment. in addition, the loss of one of our largest customers could negatively impact our sales and profits.
our largest customer, wal-mart stores, inc. and its affiliates, accounted for approximately 21% of consolidated net sales during 2015, comprised principally of sales within the united states. at january 2, 2016, approximately 18% of our consolidated receivables balance and 27% of our u.s. receivables balance was comprised of amounts owed by wal-mart stores, inc. and its affiliates. no other customer accounted for greater than 10% of net sales in 2015. during 2015, our top five customers, collectively, including wal-mart, accounted for approximately 34% of our consolidated net sales and approximately 47% of u.s. net sales. as the retail grocery trade continues to consolidate and retailers become larger, our large retail customers may seek to use their position to improve their profitability through improved efficiency, lower pricing, increased promotional programs funded by their suppliers and more favorable terms. if we are unable to use our scale, marketing expertise, product innovation and category leadership positions to respond, our profitability or volume growth could be negatively affected. the loss of any large customer for an extended length of time could negatively impact our sales and profits.
our results may be negatively impacted if consumers do not maintain their favorable perception of our brands.
we have a number of iconic brands with significant value. maintaining and continually enhancing the value of these brands is critical to the success of our business. brand value is based in large part on consumer perceptions. success in promoting and enhancing brand value depends in large part on our ability to provide high-quality products. brand value could diminish significantly due to a number of factors, including consumer perception that we have acted in an irresponsible manner, adverse publicity about our products (whether or not valid), our failure to maintain the quality of our products, the failure of our products to deliver consistently positive consumer experiences, or the products becoming unavailable to consumers. the growing use of social and digital media by consumers, kellogg and third parties increases the speed and extent that information or misinformation and opinions can be shared. negative posts or comments about kellogg, our brands or our products on social or digital media could seriously damage our brands and reputation, regardless of the information's accuracy. the harm may be immediate without affording us an opportunity for redress or correction. brand recognition can also be impacted by the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns and marketing programs, as well as our use of social media. if we do not maintain the favorable perception of our brands, our results could be negatively impacted.
tax matters, including changes in tax rates, disagreements with taxing authorities and imposition of new taxes could impact our results of operations and financial condition.
the company is subject to taxes in the u.s. and numerous foreign jurisdictions where the company's subsidiaries are organized. due to economic and political conditions, tax rates in various foreign jurisdictions may be subject to significant change. the future effective tax rate could be effected by changes in mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in valuation of deferred tax asset and liabilities, or changes in tax laws or their interpretation which includes possible u.s. tax reform and contemplated changes in other countries of long-standing tax principles if finalized and adopted could have a material impact on our income tax expense and deferred tax balances.
we are also subject to regular reviews, examinations and audits by the internal revenue service and other taxing authorities with respect to taxes inside and outside of the u.s. although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, if a taxing authority disagrees with the positions we have taken, we could face additional tax liability, including interest and penalties. there can be no assurance that payment of such additional amounts upon final adjudication of any disputes will not have a material impact on our results of operations and financial position.
the cash we generate outside the u.s. is principally to be used to fund our international development. if the funds generated by our u.s. business are not sufficient to meet our need for cash in the u.s., we may need to repatriate a portion of our future international earnings to the u.s. such international earnings would be subject to u.s. tax which could cause our worldwide effective tax rate to increase.
we also need to comply with new, evolving or revised tax laws and regulations. the enactment of or increases in tariffs, including value added tax, or other changes in the application of existing taxes, in markets in which we are currently active, or may be active in the future, or on specific products that we sell or with which our products compete, may have an adverse effect on our business or on our results of operations.
if our food products become adulterated, misbranded or mislabeled, we might need to recall those items and may experience product liability if consumers are injured as a result.
selling food products involves a number of legal and other risks, including product contamination, spoilage, product tampering, allergens, or other adulteration. we may need to recall some of our products if they become adulterated or misbranded. we may also be liable if the consumption of any of our products causes injury, illness or death. a widespread product recall or market withdrawal could result in significant losses due to their costs, the destruction of product inventory, and lost sales due to the unavailability of product for a period of time. we could also suffer losses from a significant product liability judgment against us. a significant product recall or product liability case could also result in adverse publicity, damage to our reputation, and a loss of consumer confidence in our food products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business results and the value of our brands. moreover, even if a product liability or consumer fraud claim is meritless, does not prevail or is not pursued, the negative publicity surrounding assertions against our company and our products or processes could adversely affect our reputation or brands.
we could also be adversely affected if consumers lose confidence in the safety and quality of certain food products or ingredients, or the food safety system generally. adverse publicity about these types of concerns, whether or not valid, may discourage consumers from buying our products or cause production and delivery disruptions.
unanticipated business disruptions could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we manufacture and source products and materials on a global scale. we have a complex network of suppliers, owned manufacturing locations, contract manufacturer locations, distribution networks and information systems that support our ability to provide our products to our customers consistently. our ability to make, move and sell products globally is critical to our success. factors that are hard to predict or beyond our control, such as weather (including any potential effects of climate change), natural disasters, fires or explosions, terrorism, political unrest, health pandemics or strikes, could damage or disrupt our operations or our suppliers' or contract manufacturers' operations. if we do not effectively respond to disruptions in our operations, for example, by finding alternative suppliers or replacing capacity at key manufacturing or distribution locations, or cannot quickly repair damage to our information, production or supply systems, we may be late in delivering or unable to deliver products to our customers. if that occurs, we may lose our customers' confidence, and long-term consumer demand for our products could decline. these events could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
evolving tax, environmental, food quality and safety or other regulations or failure to comply with existing licensing, labeling, trade, food quality and safety and other regulations and laws could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition.
our activities or products, both in and outside of the united states, are subject to regulation by various federal, state, provincial and local laws, regulations and government agencies, including the u.s. food and drug administration, u.s. federal trade commission, the u.s. departments of agriculture, commerce and labor, as well as similar and other authorities outside of the united states, international accords and treaties and others, including voluntary regulation by other bodies. in addition, legal and regulatory systems in emerging and developing markets may be less developed, and less certain. these laws and regulations and interpretations thereof may change, sometimes dramatically, as a result of a variety of factors, including political, economic or social events. the manufacturing, marketing and distribution of food products are subject to governmental regulation that impose additional regulatory requirements. those regulations control such matters as food quality and safety, ingredients, advertising, product or production requirements, labeling, import or export of our products or ingredients, relations with distributors and retailers, health and safety, the environment, and restrictions on the use of government programs, such as supplemental nutritional assistance program, to purchase certain of our products. we are also
regulated with respect to matters such as licensing requirements, trade and pricing practices, tax, anticorruption standards, advertising and claims, and environmental matters. the need to comply with new, evolving or revised tax, environmental, food quality and safety, labeling or other laws or regulations, or new, evolving or changed interpretations or enforcement of existing laws or regulations, may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. further, if we are found to be out of compliance with applicable laws and regulations in these areas, we could be subject to civil remedies, including fines, injunctions, termination of necessary licenses or permits, or recalls, as well as potential criminal sanctions, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. even if regulatory review does not result in these types of determinations, it could potentially create negative publicity or perceptions which could harm our business or reputation.
our operations face significant foreign currency exchange rate exposure and currency restrictions which could negatively impact our operating results.
we hold assets and incur liabilities, earn revenue and pay expenses in a variety of currencies other than the u.s. dollar, including the euro, british pound, australian dollar, canadian dollar, mexican peso, venezuelan bolivar fuerte and russian ruble. because our consolidated financial statements are presented in u.s. dollars, we must translate our assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses into u.s. dollars at then-applicable exchange rates. consequently, changes in the value of the u.s. dollar may unpredictably and negatively affect the value of these items in our consolidated financial statements, even if their value has not changed in their original currency.
if we pursue strategic acquisitions, alliances, divestitures or joint ventures, we may not be able to successfully consummate favorable transactions or successfully integrate acquired businesses.
from time to time, we may evaluate potential acquisitions, alliances, divestitures or joint ventures that would further our strategic objectives. with respect to acquisitions, we may not be able to identify suitable candidates, consummate a transaction on terms that are favorable to us, or achieve expected returns, expected synergies and other benefits as a result of integration challenges, or may not achieve those objectives on a timely basis. future acquisitions of foreign companies or new foreign ventures would subject us to local regulations and could potentially lead to risks related to, among other things, increased exposure to foreign exchange rate changes, government price control, repatriation of profits and liabilities relating to the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act.
with respect to proposed divestitures of assets or businesses, we may encounter difficulty in finding acquirers or alternative exit strategies on terms that are favorable to us, which could delay the accomplishment of our strategic objectives, or our divestiture activities may require us to recognize impairment charges. companies or operations acquired or joint ventures created may not be profitable or may not achieve sales levels and profitability that justify the investments made. our corporate development activities may present financial and operational risks, including diversion of management attention from existing core businesses, integrating or separating personnel and financial and other systems, and adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers and customers. future acquisitions could also result in potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities, the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities and/or amortization expenses related to certain intangible assets and increased operating expenses, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
potential liabilities and costs from litigation could adversely affect our business.
there is no guarantee that we will be successful in defending our self in civil, criminal or regulatory actions, including under general, commercial, employment, environmental, food quality and safety, anti-trust and trade, advertising and claims, and environmental laws and regulations, or in asserting its rights under various laws. for example, our marketing or claims could face allegations of false or deceptive advertising or other criticisms which could end up in litigation and result in potential liabilities or costs. in addition, we could incur substantial costs and fees in defending our self or in asserting our rights in these actions or meeting new legal requirements. the costs and other effects of potential and pending litigation and administrative actions against us, and new legal requirements, cannot be determined with certainty and may differ from expectations.
our consolidated financial results and demand for our products are dependent on the successful development of new products and processes.
there are a number of trends in consumer preferences which may impact us and the industry as a whole. these include changing consumer dietary trends and the availability of substitute products.
our success is dependent on anticipating changes in consumer preferences and on successful new product and process development and product relaunches in response to such changes. trends within the food industry change
often, and failure to identify and react to changes in these trends could lead to, among other things, reduced demand and price reductions for our brands and products. we aim to introduce products or new or improved production processes on a timely basis in order to counteract obsolescence and decreases in sales of existing products. while we devote significant focus to the development of new products and to the research, development and technology process functions of our business, we may not be successful in developing new products or our new products may not be commercially successful. our future results and our ability to maintain or improve our competitive position will depend on our capacity to gauge the direction of our key markets and upon our ability to successfully identify, develop, manufacture, market and sell new or improved products in these changing markets.
our postretirement benefit-related costs and funding requirements could increase as a result of volatility in the financial markets, changes in interest rates and actuarial assumptions.
increases in the costs of postretirement medical and pension benefits may continue and negatively affect our business as a result of increased usage of medical benefits by retired employees and medical cost inflation, the effect of potential declines in the stock and bond markets on the performance of our pension and post-retirement plan assets, potential reductions in the discount rate used to determine the present value of our benefit obligations, and changes to our investment strategy that may impact our expected return on pension and post-retirement plan assets assumptions. u.s. generally accepted accounting principles require that we calculate income or expense for the plans using actuarial valuations. these valuations reflect assumptions about financial markets and interest rates, which may change based on economic conditions. the company's accounting policy for defined benefit plans may subject earnings to volatility due to the recognition of actuarial gains and losses, particularly those due to the change in the fair value of pension and post-retirement plan assets and interest rates. in addition, funding requirements for our plans may become more significant. however, the ultimate amounts to be contributed are dependent upon, among other things, interest rates, underlying asset returns, and the impact of legislative or regulatory changes related to pension and post-retirement funding obligations.
we have indebtedness that is substantial in relation to our shareholders' equity, and we may incur additional indebtedness in the future, or enter into off-balance sheet financing, which would increase our leverage risks. as of january 2, 2016, we had total debt of approximately $7.8 billion and total kellogg company equity of $2.1 billion.
•   impairing the ability to access global capital markets to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures or general corporate purposes, particularly if the ratings assigned to our debt securities by rating organizations were revised downward or if a rating organization announces that our ratings are under review for a potential downgrade;
•   a downgrade in our credit ratings, particularly our short-term credit rating, would likely reduce the amount of commercial paper we could issue, increase our commercial paper borrowing costs, or both;
•   restricting our flexibility in responding to changing market conditions or making us more vulnerable in the event of a general downturn in economic conditions or our business;
•   requiring a substantial portion of the cash flow from operations to be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on our debt, reducing the funds available to us for other purposes such as expansion through acquisitions, paying dividends, repurchasing shares, marketing and other spending and expansion of our product offerings; and
•   causing us to be more leveraged than some of our competitors, which may place us at a competitive disadvantage.
our ability to make scheduled payments or to refinance our obligations with respect to indebtedness or incur new indebtedness will depend on our financial and operating performance, which in turn, is subject to prevailing economic conditions, the availability of, and interest rates on, short-term financing, and financial, business and other factors beyond our control.
our performance is affected by general economic and political conditions and taxation policies.
customer and consumer demand for our products may be impacted by recession, financial and credit market disruptions, or other economic downturns in the united states or other nations. our results in the past have been, and in the future may continue to be, materially affected by changes in general economic and political conditions in the united states and other countries, including the interest rate environment in which we conduct business, the financial markets through which we access capital and currency, political unrest and terrorist acts in the united states or other countries in which we carry on business.
current economic conditions globally may delay or reduce purchases by our customers and consumers. this could result in reductions in sales of our products, reduced acceptance of innovations, and increased price competition. deterioration in economic conditions in any of the countries in which we do business could also cause slower collections on accounts receivable which may adversely impact our liquidity and financial condition. financial institutions may be negatively impacted by economic conditions and may consolidate or cease to do business which could result in a tightening in the credit markets, a low level of liquidity in many financial markets, and increased volatility in fixed income, credit, currency and equity markets. there could be a number of effects from a financial institution credit crisis on our business, which could include impaired credit availability and financial stability of our customers, including our suppliers, co-manufacturers and distributors. a disruption in financial markets may also have an effect on our derivative counterparties and could also impair our banking partners on which we rely for operating cash management. any of these events would likely harm our business, results of operations and financial condition.
an impairment of the carrying value of goodwill or other acquired intangibles could negatively affect our consolidated operating results and net worth.
the carrying value of goodwill represents the fair value of acquired businesses in excess of identifiable assets and liabilities as of the acquisition date. the carrying value of other intangibles represents the fair value of trademarks, trade names, and other acquired intangibles as of the acquisition date. goodwill and other acquired intangibles expected to contribute indefinitely to our cash flows are not amortized, but must be evaluated by management at least annually for impairment. if carrying value exceeds current fair value, the intangible is considered impaired and is reduced to fair value via a charge to earnings. factors which could result in an impairment include, but are not limited to: (i) reduced demand for our products; (ii) higher commodity prices; (iii) lower prices for our products or increased marketing as a result of increased competition; and (iv) significant disruptions to our operations as a result of both internal and external events. should the value of one or more of the acquired intangibles become impaired, our consolidated earnings and net worth may be materially adversely affected.
as of january 2, 2016, the carrying value of intangible assets totaled approximately $7.2 billion, of which $5.0 billion was goodwill and $2.2 billion represented trademarks, tradenames, and other acquired intangibles compared to total assets of $15.3 billion and total kellogg company equity of $2.1 billion.
we must leverage our brand value to compete against retailer brands.
in nearly all of our product categories, we face branded and price-based competition. our products must provide higher value and/or quality to our consumers than alternatives, particularly during periods of economic uncertainty. consumers may not buy our products if relative differences in value and/or quality between our products and retailer brands change in favor of competitors' products or if consumers perceive this type of change. if consumers prefer retailer brands, then we could lose category share or sales volumes or shift our product mix to lower margin offerings, which could have a material effect on our business and consolidated financial position and on the consolidated results of our operations and profitability.
we may not achieve our targeted cost savings and efficiencies from cost reduction initiatives.
our success depends in part on our ability to be an efficient producer in a highly competitive industry. we have invested a significant amount in capital expenditures to improve our operational facilities. ongoing operational issues are likely to occur when carrying out major production, procurement, or logistical changes and these, as well as any failure by us to achieve our planned cost savings and efficiencies, could have a material adverse effect on our business and consolidated financial position and on the consolidated results of our operations and profitability.
technology failures could disrupt our operations and negatively impact our business.
we increasingly rely on information technology systems to process, transmit, and store electronic information. for example, our production and distribution facilities and inventory management utilize information technology to increase efficiencies and limit costs. information technology systems are also integral to the reporting of our results of operations. furthermore, a significant portion of the communications between, and storage of personal data of, our personnel, customers, consumers and suppliers depends on information technology. our information technology systems may be vulnerable to a variety of interruptions, as a result of updating our enterprise platform or due to events beyond our control, including, but not limited to, natural disasters, terrorist attacks, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, hackers, and other security issues. moreover, our computer systems have been, and will likely continue to be subjected to computer viruses or other malicious codes, unauthorized access attempts, and cyber- or phishing-attacks. these events could compromise our confidential
information, impede or interrupt our business operations, and may result in other negative consequences, including remediation costs, loss of revenue, litigation and reputational damage. furthermore, if a breach or other breakdown results in disclosure of confidential or personal information, we may suffer reputational, competitive and/or business harm. to date, we have not experienced a material breach of cyber security. while we have implemented administrative and technical controls and taken other preventive actions to reduce the risk of cyber incidents and protect our information technology, they may be insufficient to prevent physical and electronic break-ins, cyber-attacks or other security breaches to our computer systems.
our intellectual property rights are valuable, and any inability to protect them could reduce the value of our products and brands.
we consider our intellectual property rights, particularly and most notably our trademarks, but also including patents, trade secrets, copyrights and licensing agreements, to be a significant and valuable aspect of our business. we attempt to protect our intellectual property rights through a combination of patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws, as well as licensing agreements, third party nondisclosure and assignment agreements and policing of third party misuses of our intellectual property. our failure to obtain or adequately protect our trademarks, products, new features of our products, or our technology, or any change in law or other changes that serve to lessen or remove the current legal protections of our intellectual property, may diminish our competitiveness and could materially harm our business.
we may be unaware of intellectual property rights of others that may cover some of our technology, brands or products. any litigation regarding patents or other intellectual property could be costly and time-consuming and could divert the attention of our management and key personnel from our business operations. third party claims of intellectual property infringement might also require us to enter into costly license agreements. we also may be subject to significant damages or injunctions against development and sale of certain products.
we are subject to risks generally associated with companies that operate globally.
we are a global company and generated 37% of our 2015 net sales, and 39% of our 2014 and 2013 net sales outside the united states. we manufacture our products in 20 countries and have operations in more than 180 countries, so we are subject to risks inherent in multinational operations. those risks include:
•   compliance with u.s. laws affecting operations outside of the united states, such as ofac trade sanction regulations and anti-boycott regulations,
•   compliance with anti-corruption laws, including u.s. foreign corrupt practices act (fcpa) and u.k. bribery act (ukba),
•   compliance with antitrust and competition laws, data privacy laws, and a variety of other local, national and multi-national regulations and laws in multiple regimes,
•   changes in tax laws, interpretation of tax laws and tax audit outcomes,
•   fluctuations or devaluations in currency values, especially in emerging markets,
•   changes in capital controls, including currency exchange controls, government currency policies or other limits on our ability to import raw materials or finished product or repatriate cash from outside the united states,
•   changes in local regulations and laws, the uncertainty of enforcement of remedies in foreign jurisdictions, and foreign ownership restrictions and the potential for nationalization or expropriation of property or other resources;
•   increased sovereign risk, such as default by or deterioration in the economies and credit worthiness of local governments,
•   varying abilities to enforce intellectual property and contractual rights,
•   loss of ability to manage our operations in certain markets which could result in the deconsolidation of such businesses,
•   design and implementation of effective control environment processes across our diverse operations and employee base, and
•   imposition of more or new tariffs, quotas, trade barriers, and similar restrictions on our sales or regulations, taxes or policies that might negatively affect our sales.
the future results of our venezuelan operations may be adversely affected by many factors, including our ability to take action to mitigate the effect of a further devaluation of the venezuelan bolivar, the foreign currency exchange rate and exchange controls, other actions of the venezuelan government and the general economic conditions in
the country, resulting from continued hyper-inflation, continued or increased labor unrest and the deteriorating macroeconomic conditions. in particular, any additional government actions, such as imposition of price restrictions that prohibit the company from pricing its products at acceptable levels, could have a further adverse impact on our results of operations or financial condition that could become material in the future. additionally, consumer demand for the company's products in venezuela may decline as a result continued inflationary price increases. these and other factors could negatively impact the company's ability to manage our venezuelan operations and could result in the deconsolidation of our venezuelan business. see note 15 for more information regarding venezuela.
in addition, political and economic changes or volatility, geopolitical regional conflicts, terrorist activity, political unrest, civil strife, acts of war, public corruption, expropriation and other economic or political uncertainties could interrupt and negatively affect our business operations or customer demand. the slowdown in economic growth or high unemployment in some emerging markets could constrain consumer spending, and declining consumer purchasing power could adversely impact our profitability. continued instability in the banking and governmental sectors of certain countries in the european union or the dynamics associated with the federal and state debt and budget challenges in the united states could adversely affect us. all of these factors could result in increased costs or decreased revenues, and could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition and results of operations.
our operations in certain emerging markets expose us to political, economic and regulatory risks.
our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to expand our operations in emerging markets. however, some emerging markets have greater political, economic and currency volatility and greater vulnerability to infrastructure and labor disruptions than more established markets. in many countries outside of the united states, particularly those with emerging economies, it may be common for others to engage in business practices prohibited by laws and regulations with extraterritorial reach, such as the fcpa and the ukba, or local anti-bribery laws. these laws generally prohibit companies and their employees, contractors or agents from making improper payments to government officials, including in connection with obtaining permits or engaging in other actions necessary to do business. failure to comply with these laws could subject us to civil and criminal penalties that could materially and adversely affect our reputation, financial condition and results of operations.
in addition, competition in emerging markets is increasing as our competitors grow their global operations and low cost local manufacturers expand and improve their production capacities. our success in emerging markets is critical to our growth strategy. if we cannot successfully increase our business in emerging markets and manage associated political, economic and regulatory risks, our product sales, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
adverse changes in the global climate or extreme weather conditions could adversely affect our business or operations climate change is a core business issue for kellogg to ensure the long-term health and viability of the ingredients we use in our products. as set forth in the intergovernmental panel on climate change fifth assessment report, there is continuing scientific evidence, as well as concern from members of the general public, that emissions of greenhouse gases and contributing human activities have caused and will continue to cause significant changes in global temperatures and weather patterns and increase the frequency or severity of weather events, wildfires and flooding. as the pressures from climate change and global population growth lead to increased demand, the food system and global supply chain is becoming increasingly vulnerable to acute shocks, leading to increased prices and volatility, especially in the energy and commodity markets. adverse changes such as these could:
•   unfavorably impact the cost or availability of raw or packaging materials, especially if such events have a negative impact on agricultural productivity or on the supply of water;
•   disrupt our ability, or the ability of our suppliers or contract manufacturers, to manufacture or distribute our products;
•   disrupt the retail operations of our customers; or
•   unfavorably impact the demand for, or the consumer's ability to purchase, our products.
foreign, federal, state and local regulatory and legislative bodies have proposed various legislative and regulatory measures relating to climate change, regulating greenhouse gas emissions and energy policies. in the event that such regulation is enacted, we may experience significant increases in our costs of operation and delivery. in particular, increasing regulation of fuel emissions could substantially increase the distribution and supply chain costs associated with our products. lastly, consumers and customers may put an increased priority on purchasing
products that are sustainably grown and made, requiring us to incur increased costs for additional transparency, due diligence and reporting. as a result, climate change could negatively affect our business and operations
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations kellogg company and subsidiaries results of operations business overview the following management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (md&a) is intended to help the reader understand kellogg company, our operations and our present business environment. md&a is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes thereto contained in item 8 of this report.
for more than 100 years, consumers have counted on kellogg for great-tasting, high-quality and nutritious foods. kellogg is the world's leading producer of cereal, second largest producer of cookies and crackers, and a leading producer of savory snacks and frozen foods. additional product offerings include toaster pastries, cereal bars, fruit-flavored snacks and veggie foods. kellogg products are manufactured and marketed globally.
segments and growth targets during q1 2015, we established a new kashi operating segment in order to optimize future growth potential of this business. this operating segment is included in the north america other reportable segment. including this new operating segment, we manage our operations through nine operating segments that are based on product category or geographic location. these operating segments are evaluated for similarity with regards to economic characteristics, products, production processes, types or classes of customers, distribution methods and regulatory environments to determine if they can be aggregated into reportable segments. we report results of operations in the following reportable segments: u.s. morning foods; u.s. snacks; u.s. specialty; north america other; europe; latin america; and asia pacific. the reportable segments are discussed in greater detail in note 17 within notes to consolidated financial statements.
we manage our company for sustainable performance defined by our long-term annual growth targets. our targeted long-term annual growth is low-single-digit (1 to 3%) for currency-neutral comparable net sales, mid-single-digit (4 to 6%) for currency-neutral comparable operating profit, and high-single-digit (7 to 9%) for currency-neutral comparable diluted net earnings per share (eps).
significant items impacting comparability project k and cost reduction activities during 2013, we announced project k, a four-year efficiency and effectiveness program. the program is expected to generate a significant amount of savings that may be invested in key strategic areas of focus for the business. we expect that this investment will drive future growth in revenues, gross margin, operating profit, and cash flow. we recorded pre-tax charges related primarily to project k of $311 million in 2015, $298 million in 2014, and $250 million in 2013.
in 2015 we initiated the implementation of a zero-based budgeting (zbb) program in our north america business. in support of the zbb initiative, we incurred pre-tax charges of approximately $12 million in 2015.
see the restructuring and cost reduction activities section for more information.
acquisitions and dispositions in september 2015, we completed the acquisition of mass foods, egypt's leading cereal company for $46 million, or $44 million net of cash and cash equivalents acquired. the acquisition added $4 million in incremental net sales to our reported results in the european reportable segment for 2015. the acquisition added less than $1 million of incremental operating profit (before transaction and integration costs) to our reported results for 2015.
in january 2015, we completed the acquisition of a majority interest in bisco misr, the number one packaged biscuits company in egypt for $125 million, or $117 million net of cash and cash equivalents acquired. the acquisition added $54 million in incremental net sales to our reported results in the european reportable segment for 2015. the acquisition added $4 million of incremental operating profit (before transaction and integration costs) to our reported results for 2015.
during the quarter ended september 27, 2014, we entered into an agreement to sell our vegan and vegetarian canned-meat substitute business unit under the loma linda brand to atlantic natural foods (anf), llc of nashville, n.c. the disposition negatively impacted reported net sales in the u.s. specialty reportable segment by approximately $9 million in 2015.
integration and transaction costs we have incurred integration and transaction costs related to the 2015 acquisitions of bisco misr and mass foods, the 2015 entry into a joint venture with tolaram africa, and the 2012 acquisition of pringles as we move these businesses into the kellogg business model. we recorded pre-tax integration and transaction costs of $30 million in 2015. we also recorded pre-tax integration costs of $43 million and $65 million in 2014 and 2013, respectively.
mark-to-market accounting for pension plans, commodities and certain foreign currency contracts we recognize mark-to-market adjustments for pension plans, commodity contracts, and certain foreign currency contracts as incurred. actuarial gains/losses for pension plans are recognized in the year they occur. changes between contract and market prices for commodities contracts and certain foreign currency contracts result in gains/losses that are recognized in the quarter they occur. we recorded pre-tax mark-to-market charges of $446 million, $784 million, and a benefit of $947 million for 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively.
other costs impacting comparability in 2015, a series of previously executed agreements between kellogg's and a third party variable interest entity (vie) were terminated resulting in our determination that we were no longer the primary beneficiary of the vie. accordingly, we deconsolidated the financial statements of the vie. as a result of the agreement terminations and related settlements, we recognized a loss of $19 million in other income (expense), net.
in connection with the deconsolidation, we derecognized all assets and liabilities of the vie, including an allocation of a portion of goodwill from the u.s. snacks operating segment, resulting in a $67 million non-cash gain, which was recorded within operating profit.
during 2014 we incurred $6 million of costs related to the evaluation of potential acquisitions.
venezuela remeasurement and long-lived asset impairment while we continue to qualify for participation in cencoex at the official rate, there has been a continued reduction in the level of u.s. dollars available to exchange, in part due to recent declines in the price of oil and the overall decline of the macroeconomic environment within the country. we have experienced an increase in the amount of time it takes to exchange bolivars for u.s. dollars through the cencoex exchange during the year. given this economic backdrop, and upon review of u.s. dollar cash needs in our venezuela operations as of the quarter ended july 4, 2015, we concluded that we were no longer able to obtain sufficient u.s. dollars on a timely basis through the cencoex exchange to support our venezuela operations resulting in a decision to remeasure our venezuela subsidiary's financial statements using the simadi rate. we have evaluated all of the facts and circumstances surrounding our venezuelan business and determined that as of january 2, 2016 the simadi rate continues to be the appropriate rate to use for remeasuring our venezuelan subsidiary's financial statements.
in connection with the change from the cencoex rate to the simadi rate that occurred in the quarter ended july 4, 2015, we evaluated the carrying value of our non-monetary assets for impairment and lower of cost or market adjustments. as a result of moving from the cencoex official rate to the simadi rate, we recorded pre-tax charges totaling $152 million, including $112 million in the latin america operating segment and $40 million in the corporate operating segment. of the total charges, $100 million was recorded in cogs, $3 million was recorded in sga, and $49 million was recorded in other income (expense), net. these charges consist of $47 million related to the remeasurement of net monetary assets denominated in venezuelan bolivar at the simadi exchange rate (recorded in other income (expense), net), $56 million related to reducing inventory to the lower of cost or market (recorded in cogs) and $49 million related to the impairment of long-lived assets in venezuela (recorded primarily in cogs).
as expected, after moving to the simadi rate, our venezuelan subsidiary utilized assets that continued to be remeasured at historical exchange rates. this resulted in an additional unfavorable impact of $17 million in the latin america operating segment, including an impact to cogs of $12 million and sga of $5 million. the total 2015 impact of moving from the cencoex official rate to the simadi rate was $169 million on a pre-tax basis, or approximately $.42 on a fully-diluted eps basis.
as of january 2, 2016, certain non-monetary assets related to our venezuelan subsidiary continue to be remeasured at historical exchange rates. as these assets are utilized by our venezuelan subsidiary during the first half of 2016 they will be recognized in the income statement at historical exchange rates resulting in an unfavorable impact of approximately $4 million.
shipping day differences the company's fiscal year normally ends on the saturday closest to december 31 and as a result, a 53rd week is added approximately every sixth year. the company's 2014 fiscal year ended on january 3, 2015, and included a 53rd week. while quarters normally consist of 13-week periods, the fourth quarter of 2014 included a 14th week. for comparability, the impact of the 53rd week is excluded from our comparable results. the impact of the fourth quarter 2014 53rd week was $197 million for net sales, $36 million for operating profit and $.07 on a fully-diluted eps basis.
foreign currency translation and the impact of venezuela we evaluate the operating results of our business on a currency-neutral basis. we determine currency-neutral operating results by dividing or multiplying, as appropriate, the current-period local currency operating results by the currency exchange rates used to translate our financial statements in the comparable prior-year period to determine what the current period u.s. dollar operating results would have been if the currency exchange rate had not changed from the comparable prior-year period.
as a result of our decision to change the exchange rate that we use to remeasure our venezuela subsidiary from cencoex to the simadi exchange rate beginning mid-2015, the methodology we use to calculate the impact of foreign currency translation, as described above, results in certain year-over-year growth rates that require additional commentary. we believe that the use of our standard currency-neutral methodology in combination with the additional commentary provides important information to more fully understand our currency-neutral operating results.
our 2015 guidance that was maintained consistently throughout the year reflected an expectation of being approximately flat for currency-neutral comparable net sales and a decline of 2% to 4% for currency-neutral comparable operating profit. within this guidance, venezuela was expected to contribute approximately 1% of growth for both currency-neutral comparable net sales and currency-neutral comparable operating profit. in the second half of 2015, the venezuela business experienced significant unplanned inflation that impacted both currency-neutral comparable net sales and operating profit that was much larger than anticipated in the guidance. to provide increased visibility into how we have delivered against our 2015 guidance, the commentary below provides both currency-neutral comparable results, which include the entire impact of venezuela, as well as an adjusted measure that excludes the impact of venezuela.
for the quarter ended january 2, 2016, latin america currency-neutral comparable net sales and operating profit growth were 45.3% and 46.2% respectively. excluding venezuela, latin america currency-neutral comparable net sales and operating profit growth would have been approximately 1.4% and 2.0%, respectively.
for the year-to-date period ended january 2, 2016, latin america currency-neutral comparable net sales and operating profit growth were 24.6% and 15.4% respectively. excluding venezuela, latin america currency-neutral comparable net sales and operating profit growth would have been approximately 1.3% and a decline of 3.4%, respectively.
for the quarter ended january 2, 2016, kellogg consolidated currency-neutral comparable net sales and operating profit growth was 4.2% and 2.8%, respectively. excluding venezuela, kellogg consolidated currency-neutral comparable net sales and operating profit growth would have been approximately 0.4% and 0.3%, respectively.
for the year-to-date period ended january 2, 2016, kellogg consolidated currency-neutral comparable net sales and operating profit growth was 1.2% and a decline of 2.3%, respectively. excluding venezuela, kellogg consolidated currency-neutral comparable net sales and operating profit would have declined by 0.8% and 3.6%, respectively.
non-gaap measures comparability of certain financial measures is affected significantly by several types of financial impacts such as foreign currency translation, integration and transaction costs, mark-to-market adjustments for pension plans,
commodities and certain foreign currency contracts, project k costs, costs associated with the venezuela remeasurement and long-lived asset impairment, costs associated with the vie deconsolidation, differences in shipping days, acquisitions, dispositions, and other costs impacting comparability. to provide increased transparency and assist in understanding our comparable operating performance, we use non-gaap financial measures within md&a that exclude these financial impacts.
non-gaap financial measures used include comparable net sales, currency-neutral comparable net sales, comparable net sales growth, currency-neutral comparable net sales growth, comparable gross margin, currency-neutral comparable gross margin, comparable gross profit, currency-neutral comparable gross profit, comparable sga%, currency-neutral comparable sga%, comparable operating margin, currency-neutral comparable operating margin, comparable operating profit, currency-neutral comparable operating profit, comparable operating profit growth, currency-neutral comparable operating profit growth, comparable income taxes, currency-neutral comparable income taxes, comparable effective tax rate, currency-neutral comparable effective tax rate, comparable net income attributable to kellogg company, currency-neutral comparable net income attributable to kellogg company, comparable diluted eps, currency-neutral comparable diluted eps, comparable diluted eps growth, and currency-neutral comparable diluted eps growth.
financial results for the full year 2015, our reported net sales decreased by 7.2% due to the negative impact of foreign currency translation and shipping day differences from the 53rd week that was recognized in the prior year. currency-neutral comparable net sales increased by 1.2%, which was better than our expectations, and includes the benefit of pricing taken in venezuela to offset cost inflation. we experienced currency-neutral comparable net sales growth in latin america, which was driven primarily by pricing taken in venezuela. we also experienced currency-neutral comparable net sales growth in asia-pacific, u. s. specialty and the canadian business which is included in the north america other reportable segment.
reported operating profit increased by 6.6% primarily due to the favorable year-over-year change in the pension mark-to-market which was partially offset by the negative impact of foreign currency translation, the impact of remeasuring our venezuela business using the simadi rate in the second quarter of 2015, and the impact of resetting incentive compensation levels. currency-neutral comparable operating profit declined by 2.3%, at the high end of our expectations, due to the resetting of incentive compensation levels which impacted results by approximately 3%. the 1% growth excluding the effect of resetting incentive compensation levels was the result of sales growth and a 50 basis point reduction in brand-building investment as a percentage of net sales. our brand building is down including shifts of investment into other areas such as food, the evolving shift in media investment from tv to digital, and efficiency and effectiveness benefits. our zero-based budgeting initiative may identify additional efficiency and effectiveness opportunities in brand building as we proceed through 2016.  we may choose to reinvest these savings back into brand building or other areas such as food reformulation or capacity to drive revenue growth.  we remain committed to invest in our brands at an industry-leading level to maintain the strength of our many recognizable brands in the marketplace.
reported diluted eps of $1.72 was down 1.7% compared to the prior year of $1.75. reported diluted eps was impacted negatively by project k costs ($.64), mark-to-market accounting ($.84), the remeasurement of the venezuelan business using the simadi rate ($.42), foreign currency translation ($.28), and integration costs ($.06), and was impacted positively by a vie deconsolidation ($.14) and acquisitions ($.01). currency-neutral comparable diluted eps of $3.81 was flat compared to prior year of $3.81, in line with our expectations.
reconciliation of certain non-gaap financial measures consolidated results (dollars in millions, except per share data)                     2015                2014
mark-to-market                                                                    (298   )            (513   )
project k and cost reduction activities                                           (229   )            (218   )
vie deconsolidation and other costs impacting comparability                         50                  (4   )
integration and transaction costs                                                  (22   )             (31   )
acquisitions/divestitures                                                            5                   -
foreign currency impact                                                           (100   )               -
mark-to-market                                                                   (0.84   )           (1.42   )
project k and cost reduction activities                                          (0.64   )           (0.61   )
vie deconsolidation and other costs impacting comparability                       0.14               (0.01   )
integration and transaction costs                                                (0.06   )           (0.09   )
acquisitions/divestitures                                                         0.01                   -
foreign currency impact                                                          (0.28   )               -
for more information on reconciling items in the table above, please refer to the significant items impacting comparability section.
consolidated results (dollars in millions, except per share data)                      2014                2013
mark-to-market                                                                    (513    )             628
project k and cost reduction activities                                           (218    )            (183   )
vie deconsolidation and other costs impacting comparability                         (4    )               -
integration and transaction costs                                                  (31    )             (46   )
acquisitions/divestitures                                                            -                    2
foreign currency impact                                                             (2    )               -
mark-to-market                                                                   (1.42    )            1.72
project k and cost reduction activities                                          (0.61    )           (0.50   )
vie deconsolidation and other costs impacting comparability                      (0.01    )               -
integration and transaction costs                                                (0.09    )           (0.13   )
acquisitions/divestitures                                                            -                 0.01
foreign currency impact                                                          (0.01    )               -
for more information on reconciling items in the table above, please refer to the significant items impacting comparability section.
net sales and operating profit
the following tables provide an analysis of net sales and operating profit performance for 2015 versus 2014:
project k and cost reduction activities        -                            -                                -                        (2       )              (2    )                 -                      -         -                                  (4        )
integration and transaction costs              -                            -                                -                         -                       -                      -                     (1     )   -                                  (1        )
acquisitions/divestitures                      -                            -                                -                         -                      58                      -                      -         -                                  58
foreign currency impact                        -                            -                                -                       (86       )            (376    )              (486   )               (121     )   -                              (1,069        )
project k and cost reduction activities        -                            -                                -                        (1       )               -                     (1   )                  -         -                                  (2        )
integration and transaction costs              -                            -                                -                         -                       -                      -                     (1     )   -                                  (1        )
acquisitions/divestitures                      -                            -                                9                         -                       -                      -                      -         -                                   9
foreign currency impact                        -                            -                                -                         -                       -                      -                      -         -                                   -
% change - 2015 vs. 2014:
project k and cost reduction activities        -               %            -           %                    -   %                     -       %            (0.1   )%                 -   %                  -     %   -           %                       -        %
integration and transaction costs              -               %            -           %                    -   %                     -       %               -    %                 -   %               (0.1    )%   -           %                       -        %
acquisitions/divestitures                      -               %            -           %                 (0.8   )%                    -       %             2.0    %                 -   %                  -     %   -           %                     0.4        %
foreign currency impact                        -               %            -           %                    -   %                  (4.8      )%           (13.2   )%             (40.4   )%             (11.9    )%   -           %                    (7.5       )%
for more information on reconciling items in the table above, please refer to the significant items impacting comparability section.
(millions)                                               u.s.morningfoods        u.s.snacks             u.s.specialty           northamericaother                 europe             latinamerica           asiapacific             corporate            kelloggconsolidated reported operating profit                                    $474                $385                   $260                    $178                           $247                     $9                    $54                 $(516     )                $1,091
mark-to-market                                                  -                -                      -                       -                                 -                      -                      -                  (446     )                  (446        )
project k and cost reduction activities                       (58   )            (50         )          (5            )         (63             )               (74    )                (4      )             (13     )             (56     )                  (323        )
other costs impacting comparability                             -                       67              -                       -                                 -                      -                      -                     -                          67
integration and transaction costs                               -                -                      -                       -                               (11    )                (3      )             (14     )              (2     )                   (30        )
acquisitions/divestitures                                       -                -                      -                       -                                 4                      -                      -                     -                           4
comparable operating profit                                  $532                $368                   $265                    $241                           $328                   $135                    $81                  $(11     )                $1,939
foreign currency impact                                         2                -                      -                       (15             )               (29    )               (72      )             (13     )              (5     )                  (132        )
currency-neutral comparable operating profit                 $530                $368                   $265                    $256                           $357                   $207                    $94                   $(6     )                $2,071
(millions)                                               u.s.morningfoods        u.s.snacks             u.s.specialty           northamericaother                 europe             latinamerica           asiapacific             corporate            kelloggconsolidated reported operating profit                                    $479                $364                   $266                    $295                           $232                   $169                    $53                 $(834     )                $1,024
mark-to-market                                                  -                -                      -                       -                                 -                      -                      -                  (784     )                  (784        )
project k and cost reduction activities                       (60   )            (57         )          (3            )         (18             )               (80    )                (8      )             (37     )             (35     )                  (298        )
other costs impacting comparability                             -                -                      -                       -                                 -                      -                      -                    (6     )                    (6        )
integration and transaction costs                               -                -                      -                       -                               (36    )                 -                     (7     )               -                         (43        )
acquisitions/divestitures                                       -                -                      -                       -                                 -                      -                      -                     -                           -
comparable operating profit                                  $520                $415                   $266                    $305                           $342                   $180                    $97                   $(6     )                $2,119
foreign currency impact                                         -                -                      -                       -                                 -                      -                      -                     -                           -
currency-neutral comparable operating profit                 $520                $415                   $266                    $305                           $342                   $180                    $97                   $(6     )                $2,119
% change - 2015 vs. 2014:
mark-to-market                                                  -   %            -           %          -             %         -               %                 -    %                 -      %               -     %            78.5     %                  21.6        %
project k and cost reduction activities                       0.4   %                  2.6   %          (0.6          )%        (16.5           )%              3.7    %              (2.2     )%            26.6     %           (50.3    )%                  (3.3       )%
other costs impacting comparability                             -   %                 15.8   %          -             %         -               %               0.1    %                 -      %             0.1     %            51.8     %                   3.4        %
integration and transaction costs                               -   %            (0.1        )%         -             %         -               %               7.3    %              (1.4     )%            (9.1    )%           (10.0    )%                   0.3        %
acquisitions/divestitures                                       -   %            -           %          -             %         -               %               1.3    %                 -      %               -     %               -     %                   0.2        %
foreign currency impact                                       0.3   %            -           %          -             %         (5.2            )%             (8.3   )%             (40.3     )%           (12.5    )%           (62.9    )%                  (6.2       )%
for more information on reconciling items in the table above, please refer to the significant items impacting comparability section.
we saw a lot of improvement across the year in the morning foods business. we invested where we needed
to and worked hard to improve the fundamentals by improving our brand building and the new products we launched. we also invested in our foods and put fun back in the box with avengers® and disney frozen®-themed cereals.
our cereal business reported a decline for the full year, although we continued to reflect improving trends throughout the year, and we reported consumption growth and share gains in the fourth quarter as our business continues to improve ahead of category trends. our six core cereals in combination (special k®, raisin bran®, frosted flakes®, mini-wheats®, froot loops®, and rice krispies®) gained share and increased consumption for the year, with even stronger growth in both share and consumption in the fourth quarter. special k® posted consumption growth and share gains for the year and even stronger results for the fourth quarter driven primarily by the renovation work we completed on special k® red berries. the good growth we saw all year on raisin bran® was the result of great advertising and the introduction of raisin bran® with cranberries.
we expect to continue driving sales in 2016 with the introduction of new products like special k® nourish, a cereal with positive nutrition and ingredients the consumer can see, and the food includes fruits, nuts and on-trend grains like quinoa. initial response on this innovation has been encouraging. in addition, we're launching mini-wheats® harvest delights, smorz®, and disney dory®-themed cereal.
toaster pastries reported a slight sales decline for the year. health and wellness bars and beverages each reported a sales decline.
currency-neutral comparable operating profit increased 2.1% due to improved gross margins resulting from lower input costs and project k savings as well as lower brand-building investment. this was partially offset by the sales performance, increased distribution costs, and resetting of incentive compensation levels.
u.s. snacks currency-neutral comparable net sales declined 1.6% as a result of decreased volume which was partially offset by favorable pricing/mix. this segment consists of crackers, cereal bars, cookies, savory snacks, and fruit-flavored snacks.
crackers posted a sales decline as consumption declined across several of our products, while consumption increased for our big 3 brands in combination (cheez-it® , town house®, and club®). the consumption decline was due primarily to weakness in special k® cracker chips during the first half of the year and full-year weakness in special k® popcorn chips. the special k® cracker chips products we restaged earlier this year posted consumption growth for the past two quarters as a result of improvements in packaging and food. we expect the impact of the remaining skus to lessen as we progress through 2016. the consumption increase for our big 3 brands was primarily the result of strong consumption and share gains in cheez-it® due to the cheez-it® grooves and cheez-it® extra toasty innovations.
the bars business declined due to weakness in the special k® and fiber plus® brands. the performance of our special k bars has improved in the second half of the year as a result of new products and renovation that occurred early in the year and good results from special k® chewy nut bars that were launched in mid-2015. rice krispies treats® reported double-digit consumption gains and gained share as a result of good core growth and innovation.
the cookies business consumption declined for the year resulting in lost share, although we have seen improving trends over the second half of 2015 as a result of good performance in chips deluxe®, fudge shoppe®, and famous amos® due to expanded distribution, new products, and increased in-store activity. we have great brands in the category and we have some exciting new introductions planned for 2016. we are also going to give the brands new support in 2016, including the relaunch of advertising featuring the keebler® elves.
savory snacks reported low-single-digit growth as a result of consumption growth due to core products and innovations. the pringles® business had a good year including strength in the on-the-go segment. as we enter the new year we are adding new capacity and we have good plans; as a result, we look forward to a strong 2016.
currency-neutral comparable operating profit declined by 11.3% due to unfavorable sales performance and the resetting of incentive compensation levels.
currency-neutral comparable net sales increased 0.7% as a result of favorable pricing/mix which was partially offset by decreased volume. sales growth was reported in the convenience and vending channels, partially offset by a slight decline in foodservice partially due to the exit of some unprofitable business early in the year.
currency-neutral comparable operating profit declined by 0.8% due to the resetting of incentive compensation levels which more than offset the favorable sales performance.
the u.s. frozen business reported a net sales decline due to the impact from egg prices, network improvements, and a decision to draw down inventories due to changes in packaging from boxes to bags for our veggie foods business. the packaging conversion is going well, but we expect sales to continue to be impacted in the first quarter of 2016 and for performance to improve over the balance of the year. the eggo® hand-held sandwiches posted double-digit consumption growth and share gains for the year.
the canada business reported a broad-based net sales increase across several categories for the year. for 2016, the canadian team is planning introductions of new products and improved support, much like the rest of the north american region.
kashi reported a double-digit net sales decline although the business continues to experience stabilized distribution and sequential improvement across the last two quarters in part due to the impact of the introduction of new products in the second half of 2015. bear naked® granola posted double-digit consumption growth for the year. we expect continued improvement in 2016 due to further improvement in distribution and the impact of a focus on new products high in protein from plants.
currency-neutral comparable operating profit declined 16.1% primarily due to unfavorable sales performance in the u.s. frozen and kashi businesses, net cost inflation including transactional currency expense in the canadian business and increased material costs in the u.s. frozen business, and the resetting of incentive compensation levels.
the pringles® business posted strong, double-digit net sales growth as a result of good promotions, innovations and distribution gains throughout the year. both the base business and the launch of pringles® tortilla in the uk and germany contributed. we have some exciting activity planned for pringles® in 2016 as well, including soccer-themed activity planned to coincide with the euros soccer tournament in the summer and the continued roll-out of pringles® tortilla in the region.
the wholesome snacks business posted growth in the second half of the year. this was due to better results in the uk driven in part by disney®-branded snacks, mini biscuits, crunchy nut®, and rice krispies squares®. in addition, the russian business did well. we also have new foods coming across the region in 2016.
the cereal business in europe declined due to challenges in the category in many of the countries. however, we improved our plans for special k® and crunchy nut® in the uk, saw good performance from extra® in italy, and invested behind kellogg's®-branded granola in germany. also, we recently launched the ancient legends® brands in the region. these are great products, which include on-trend ingredients like spelt, apples, sultanas, and chia seeds. we are also applying learnings from our us cereal business including the renovation of special k® red berries, the launch of special k® nourish, and we're also adding more fun in the box.
currency-neutral comparable operating profit improved 4.3% due to net cost deflation and strong savings, including savings from project k.
latin america currency-neutral comparable net sales improved 24.6% due to favorable volume and pricing/mix, including the impact of pricing actions in venezuela. excluding venezuela, currency-neutral comparable net sales would have grown 1.3%.
we experienced volume growth in several of our markets, including mexico. we also realized strong price realization in venezuela as a result of pricing actions taken to offset cost inflation. cereal sales in the region increased and we have held or gained share in most of the region. these share gains have been driven by children's and family brands and the introduction of kellogg-branded granolas and muesli products.
sales in the snacks business also increased driven by innovation and go-to-market activity. the pringles® business continued to perform well and we have launched pringles® tortilla in the region.
our focus on high-frequency stores continues to drive results. we've seen results in convenience and mini-super stores in mexico, and in smaller stores in colombia. we have also had success driving sales growth through packaging initiatives designed to drive affordability and accessibility in various areas of the business.
currency-neutral comparable operating profit improved by 15.4% due to favorable price realization which was partially offset by net cost inflation. excluding venezuela, currency neutral comparable operating profit declined 3.4% as sales growth and margin expansion were more than offset by increased investment in brand-building and business capabilities.
the sales increase was the result of double-digit growth in the asian markets, double-digit growth in sub-saharan africa, and mid-single-digit growth in the savory snacks business across the region. the growth in asia included double-digit sales growth in japan driven by the continued growth of the granola category and the impact of new packaging as well as double-digit growth in korea and southeast asia. the savory snacks business reported broad-based sales growth and share gains due to innovation and gains in distribution.
this sales performance was partially offset by weakness in the australian cereal category. however, the granola and müesli segments are growing well and we have a plan to address the weakness in the overall australian business in 2016. we are also applying lessons learned in our us business to our australia business.
currency-neutral comparable operating profit declined 3.7% as our investment of project k savings into emerging markets in the region behind brand investments and capabilities more than offset the favorable sales performance.
corporate currency-neutral comparable operating profit declined due to the resetting of incentive compensation levels which was partially offset by reduced pension costs.
the following tables provide an analysis of net sales and operating profit performance for 2014 versus 2013:
project k and cost reduction activities        -                            -                      -                                   (1       )       -                             (1      )               -         -                                  (2        )
integration and transaction costs              -                            -                      -                                    -               -                              -                     (1     )   -                                  (1        )
acquisitions/divestitures                      -                            -                      -                                    -               -                              -                      -         -                                   -
foreign currency impact                        -                            -                      -                                  (43       )              16                    (37      )             (50     )   -                                (114        )
project k and cost reduction activities        -                            -                      -                                    -               -                              -                      -         -                                   -
integration and transaction costs              -                            -                      -                                   (1       )       -                              -                     (4     )   -                                  (5        )
acquisitions/divestitures                      -                            -                                5                          -               -                              -                      1         -                                   6
foreign currency impact                        -                            -                      -                                    -               -                              -                      -         -                                   -
% change - 2014 vs. 2013:
project k and cost reduction activities        -               %            -           %          -             %                      -       %       -           %                  -      %               -     %   -           %                       -        %
integration and transaction costs              -               %            -           %          -             %                      -       %       -           %                  -      %             0.3     %   -           %                     0.1        %
acquisitions/divestitures                      -               %            -           %          (0.4          )%                     -       %       -           %                  -      %            (0.1    )%   -           %                    (0.1       )%
foreign currency impact                        -               %            -           %          -             %                   (2.2      )%             0.6   %               (3.1     )%            (4.8    )%   -           %                    (0.7       )%
for more information on reconciling items in the table above, please refer to the significant items impacting comparability section.
(millions)                                          u.s.morningfoods             u.s.snacks             u.s.specialty                northamericaother             europe             latinamerica           asiapacific             corporate            kelloggconsolidated reported operating profit                           $479                         $364                   $266                              $295                  $232                   $169                    $53                 $(834     )                $1,024
mark-to-market                                      -                            -                      -                                    -                     -                      -                      -                  (784     )                  (784        )
project k and cost reduction activities             (60             )            (57         )          (3            )                    (18       )           (80    )                (8      )             (37     )             (35     )                  (298        )
other costs impacting comparability                 -                            -                      -                                    -                     -                      -                      -                    (6     )                    (6        )
integration and transaction costs                   -                            -                      -                                    -                   (36    )                 -                     (7     )               -                         (43        )
acquisitions/divestitures                           -                            -                      -                                    -                     -                      -                      -                     -                           -
comparable operating profit                         $520                         $415                   $266                              $305                  $342                   $180                    $97                   $(6     )                $2,119
foreign currency impact                             -                            -                      -                                   (9       )             9                     (4      )              (6     )               2                          (8        )
currency-neutral comparable operating profit        $520                         $415                   $266                              $314                  $333                   $184                   $103                   $(8     )                $2,127
(millions)                                          u.s.morningfoods             u.s.snacks             u.s.specialty                northamericaother             europe             latinamerica           asiapacific             corporate            kelloggconsolidated reported operating profit                           $469                         $424                   $265                              $314                  $249                   $157                    $67                  $892                      $2,837
mark-to-market                                      -                            -                      -                                    -                     -                      -                      -                   947                         947
project k and cost reduction activities             (109            )            (30         )          (5            )                    (11       )           (27    )                (5      )             (32     )             (31     )                  (250        )
other costs impacting comparability                 -                            -                      -                                    -                     -                      -                      -                     -                           -
integration and transaction costs                   -                            (12         )          -                                   (1       )           (34    )                (1      )             (11     )              (6     )                   (65        )
acquisitions/divestitures                           -                            -                      -                                    -                     -                      -                     (1     )               -                          (1        )
comparable operating profit                         $578                         $466                   $270                              $326                  $310                   $169                   $111                  $(18     )                $2,212
foreign currency impact                             -                            -                      -                                    -                     -                      -                      -                     -                           -
currency-neutral comparable operating profit        $578                         $466                   $270                              $326                  $310                   $169                   $111                  $(18     )                $2,212
% change - 2014 vs. 2013:
mark-to-market                                      -               %            -           %          -             %                      -       %             -    %                 -      %               -     %          (203.1    )%                 (59.6       )%
project k and cost reduction activities                       8.7   %            (6.9        )%                 0.9   %                   (2.3      )%         (19.9   )%              (1.6     )%           (11.2    )%           (30.1    )%                  (2.8       )%
other costs impacting comparability                 -               %            -           %          -             %                      -       %          (0.1   )%                 -      %            (0.2    )%           (22.0    )%                  (0.2       )%
integration and transaction costs                   -               %       2.4              %          -             %                    0.4       %           0.9    %               0.6      %             3.2     %             7.4     %                   0.9        %
acquisitions/divestitures                           -               %            -           %          -             %                      -       %             -    %                 -      %             1.1     %               -     %                   0.1        %
foreign currency impact                                       0.1   %            -           %          -             %                   (2.7      )%           2.8    %              (2.7     )%            (4.9    )%            12.9     %                  (0.4       )%
for more information on reconciling items in the table above, please refer to the significant items impacting comparability section.
the cereal category continued to decline through the year despite our continued investments behind category-building programs that started early in the year. much of our decline in the cereal category has come from special k®. we experienced weakness in special k® as it faced headwinds from evolving consumer trends regarding weight management. as a result, we changed the positioning of the brand from a focus on dieting to weight wellness. this focus will stress the role that special k® plays in a healthy lifestyle. we have begun the execution of this new positioning for the overall cereal business through the following initiatives:
•   we have launched the see you at breakfast campaign and the open for breakfast digital program designed to help us connect directly with consumers
•   we are revitalizing the special k® brand and are launching new products such as special k® gluten-free and special k® protein we expect that these actions will have a positive impact on the performance of the special k®, and on the cereal business as a whole. our plan for investment is long-term and the levels, content, and effectiveness of the support will evolve, and increase over time.
toaster pastries reported a sales decline for the year as a result of difficult comparisons due to the peanut butter innovations launched in 2013. however we did gain share for the year and introduced a new pb&j innovation in november and we expect this to improve sales results. health and wellness bars and beverages each reported a sales decline for the year.
currency-neutral comparable operating profit declined 10.0% due to the unfavorable sales performance and a mid-single-digit increase in cereal brand-building investment. this was partially offset by a decrease in brand-building investment behind health and wellness bars and beverages, and continued cost discipline.
u.s. snacks currency-neutral comparable net sales declined 2.8% as a result of decreased volume partially offset by favorable pricing/mix. this segment consists of crackers, cereal bars, cookies, savory snacks, and fruit-flavored snacks.
crackers posted a slight sales increase and gained share as a result of the continued success of cheez-it® innovations and core products in the town house®, and club® brands due to brand-building support and sales execution. cheez-it®, town house®, and club® all reported solid consumption and share gains. the gains in these three brands have been offset by weakness in special k® cracker chips due to similar consumer trends that we have experienced in the cereal category. we have addressed this weakness by launching completely restaged cracker chips with new flavors, better flavor and texture profiles, improved packaging, and new positioning. this new product started to arrive in stores in late 2014.
the bars business declined due to weakness in the special k® and fiber plus® brands. the issues with these brands are similar to what we have experienced in the cereal category. to address these issues we launched new products and activities in the fourth quarter of this year and will launch more new, great-tasting special k® snack bars with new packaging and new positioning. this activity ties into the initiatives we are launching in other categories and regions around the world. this new product started to arrive in stores in late december. rice krispies treats® and nutri-grain® both reported consumption gains and gained share as a result of good core growth and innovation.
the cookies business declined resulting in lost share. however we saw share gains from chips deluxe® as a result of new co-branded products. we experienced soft performance in our 100-calorie packs business throughout the year. we are migrating consumers to an expanded line of single-serve products, which should help to reduce the impact of the decline. we also experienced the negative impact of a sku rationalization initiative.
savory snacks reported mid-single-digit sales growth and held share for the year behind the performance of the core business, grab 'n go, and the new pringles® tortilla product.
currency-neutral comparable operating profit declined by 10.9% due to unfavorable sales performance and net cost inflation. this was partially offset by continued cost discipline.
u.s. specialty currency-neutral comparable net sales declined 1.2% as a result of decreased volume and unfavorable pricing/mix. sales declines were the result of the negative impact of weather early in the year, supply issues with a co-packer, and an inventory de-load as a customer shifted from warehouse to direct delivery.
currency-neutral comparable operating profit declined by 1.5% due to the unfavorable sales performance. this was partially offset by cost discipline.
the u.s. frozen business reported a decline due to unfavorable comparisons early in the year resulting from strong prior-year growth behind innovation activity and costs later in the year associated with the launch of new products. new eggo® bites and eggo® handheld sandwiches performed well during the year. the combination of the eggo® handheld sandwiches and good results from our special k® handheld sandwiches resulted in a double-digit sales increase for our sandwich business during our final quarter of the year. consumption of eggo® waffles is improving as we have re-launched the l'eggo my eggo® brand-building program and launched eggo® gluten-free and a new variety of thick-n-fluffy waffles.
canada reported a slight increase in sales driven primarily by the snacks business as volumes increased at a low single-digit rate.
kashi reported a decline in sales as we continued to experience softness in the cereal category. we have identified areas of focus for kashi® which is a great brand in a category that is on trend. we have begun the execution of this new positioning through the following initiatives:
•   all kashi heart-to-heart® products will meet the usda's organic standard we expect that these initiatives will have a positive impact on the performance of kashi®.
currency-neutral comparable operating profit declined 3.8% primarily due to unfavorable sales performance. this was partially offset by continued cost discipline.
europe currency-neutral comparable net sales declined 0.8% as a result of flat volume and unfavorable pricing/mix. cereal category consumption remains soft in most developed markets, similar to the cereal category in the u.s. emerging markets reported good growth for the year in both cereal and snacks. to address the cereal category softness, we executed brand-building activities in the second half of the year. new special k® advertising has recently gone on air which addresses the recent health and wellness trends that have negatively impacted this brand.
savory snacks performed well throughout the year, with the final quarter of 2014 reporting the highest sales since we acquired the business. new products are launching, including pringles® tortilla, and we have more capacity coming on-line mid-year.
currency-neutral comparable operating profit improved 7.4% due to net cost deflation, including strong productivity savings, and decreased brand-building investment. this was partially offset by unfavorable sales performance.
latin america currency-neutral comparable net sales improved 3.9% due to favorable pricing/mix which was partially offset by decreased volume. strong price realization, primarily from venezuela, has more than offset sales declines early in the year resulting from the volume elasticity impact of the introduction of a new food tax in mexico. we reported growth in venezuela, mercosur, and the pringles business as well as pricing gains in a majority of our markets. the
cereal business posted good results, although we saw some competitive price promotions in mexico which affected selected segments. the momentum of the savory snacks business continues, driven by strong commercial programs, innovation, and good execution.
currency-neutral comparable operating profit improved by 9.0% due to favorable sales performance which was partially offset by net cost inflation, increased brand-building investment to support innovation and new programs, and increased overhead investment.
asia pacific currency-neutral comparable net sales increased 0.8% as a result of flat volume and favorable pricing/mix. the sales increase was the result of double-digit growth in the asian markets and high-single-digit growth in the savory snacks business across the region. this sales performance was partially offset by weakness in the australian cereal category and our performance in south africa as we conducted construction work early in the year and it took longer than expected to bring the plant back on line.
currency-neutral comparable operating profit declined 7.3% due to the weakness in the australian cereal category and our performance in south africa. this was partially offset by cost discipline.
corporate currency-neutral comparable operating profit improved as a result of reduced pension costs which was partially offset by increased overhead investments.
margin performance
2015 versus 2014 margin performance was as follows:
change vs.prior year (pts.)
mark-to-market (cogs)                                                      (2.2   )%         (3.0   )%                 0.8
project k and cost reduction activities (cogs)                             (1.4   )%         (1.0   )%                (0.4   )
vie deconsolidation and other costs impacting comparability (cogs)            -    %            -    %                   -
integration and transaction costs (cogs)                                   (0.1   )%         (0.2   )%                 0.1
acquisitions/divestitures (cogs)                                           (0.1   )%            -    %                (0.1   )
foreign currency impact                                                     0.4    %            -    %                 0.4
mark-to-market (sga)                                                       (1.1   )%         (2.4   )%                 1.3
project k and cost reduction activities (sga)                              (1.0   )%         (1.0   )%                   -
vie deconsolidation and other costs impacting comparability (sga)           0.5    %            -    %                 0.5
integration and transactions costs (sga)                                   (0.1   )%         (0.1   )%                   -
acquisitions/divestitures (sga)                                             0.1    %            -    %                 0.1
foreign currency impact                                                    (0.2   )%            -    %                (0.2   )
mark-to-market                                                             (3.3   )%         (5.4   )%                 2.1
project k and cost reduction activities                                    (2.4   )%         (2.0   )%                (0.4   )
vie deconsolidation and other costs impacting comparability                 0.5    %            -    %                 0.5
integration and transactions costs                                         (0.2   )%         (0.3   )%                 0.1
acquisitions/divestitures                                                     -    %            -    %                   -
foreign currency impact                                                     0.2    %            -    %                 0.2
for information on the reconciling items in the table above, please refer to the significant items impacting comparability section.
currency-neutral comparable gross margin declined by 10 basis points in 2015 due to the impact of venezuela. excluding the impact of venezuela, currency-neutral comparable gross margin would have increased by 20 basis points as a result of productivity savings, project k savings, and deflation in commodities and packaging which was partially offset by higher distribution costs and investment in our foods such as the launch of granolas and mueslis across the globe and the renovation of existing foods such as special k®.
currency-neutral comparable sg&a% was worse by 40 basis points as a result of resetting incentive compensation, reinvestment of project k savings into sales capabilities including adding sales representatives, and re-establishing the kashi business unit which was partially offset by improvements resulting from efficiency and effectiveness programs as well as decreased brand building investment.
our 2015 and 2014 comparable gross profit, comparable sga, and comparable operating profit measures are reconciled to the directly comparable u.s. gaap measures as follows:
reported gross profit (a)                                                   $4,681              $5,063
mark-to-market (cogs)                                                         (296   )            (438   )
project k and cost reduction activities (cogs)                                (195   )            (154   )
vie deconsolidation and other costs impacting comparability (cogs)               -                   -
integration and transaction costs (cogs)                                       (15   )             (23   )
acquisitions/divestitures (cogs)                                                12                   -
comparable gross profit                                                     $5,287              $5,598
foreign currency impact                                                       (355   )               -
currency neutral comparable gross profit                                    $5,642              $5,598
mark-to-market (sga)                                                          (150   )            (346   )
project k and cost reduction activities (sga)                                 (128   )            (144   )
vie deconsolidation and other costs impacting comparability (sga)               67                  (6   )
integration and transaction costs (sga)                                        (15   )             (20   )
acquisitions/divestitures (sga)                                                 (8   )               -
foreign currency impact                                                        223                   -
reported operating profit                                                   $1,091              $1,024
mark-to-market                                                                (446   )            (784   )
project k and cost reduction activities                                       (323   )            (298   )
vie deconsolidation and other costs impacting comparability                     67                  (6   )
integration and transaction costs                                              (30   )             (43   )
acquisitions/divestitures                                                        4                   -
foreign currency impact                                                       (132   )               -
currency neutral comparable operating profit                                $2,071              $2,119
for more information on the reconciling items in the table above, please refer to the significant items impacting comparability section.
(a)   gross profit is equal to net sales less cost of goods sold.
2014 versus 2013 margin performance was as follows:
change vs.prior year (pts.)
mark-to-market (cogs)                                                      (3.0   )%          3.4    %                (6.4   )
project k and cost reduction activities (cogs)                             (1.0   )%         (1.3   )%                 0.3
vie deconsolidation and other costs impacting comparability (cogs)            -    %            -    %                   -
integration and transaction costs (cogs)                                   (0.2   )%         (0.1   )%                (0.1   )
acquisitions/divestitures (cogs)                                              -    %            -    %                   -
foreign currency impact                                                       -    %            -    %                   -
mark-to-market (sga)                                                       (2.4   )%          3.0    %                (5.4   )
project k and cost reduction activities (sga)                              (1.0   )%         (0.4   )%                (0.6   )
vie deconsolidation and other costs impacting comparability (sga)             -    %            -    %                   -
integration and transactions costs (sga)                                   (0.1   )%         (0.3   )%                 0.2
acquisitions/divestitures (sga)                                               -    %            -    %                   -
foreign currency impact                                                       -    %            -    %                   -
mark-to-market                                                             (5.4   )%          6.4    %               (11.8   )
project k and cost reduction activities                                    (2.0   )%         (1.7   )%                (0.3   )
vie deconsolidation and other costs impacting comparability                   -    %            -    %                   -
integration and transactions costs                                         (0.3   )%         (0.4   )%                 0.1
acquisitions/divestitures                                                     -    %            -    %                   -
foreign currency impact                                                       -    %            -    %                   -
for more information on reconciling items in the table above, please refer to the significant items impacting comparability section.
currency-neutral comparable gross margin declined by 40 basis points in 2014 due to the impact of inflation, net of productivity savings, and lower production volume resulting from soft sales performance. currency-neutral comparable sg&a% improved by 20 basis points as a result of continued discipline in overhead control.
our 2014 and 2013 comparable gross profit, comparable sga, and comparable operating profit measures are reconciled to the directly comparable u.s. gaap measures as follows:
reported gross profit (a)                                                   $5,063              $6,103
mark-to-market (cogs)                                                         (438   )             510
project k and cost reduction activities (cogs)                                (154   )            (195   )
vie deconsolidation and other costs impacting comparability (cogs)               -                   -
integration and transaction costs (cogs)                                       (23   )             (20   )
acquisitions/divestitures (cogs)                                                 -                  (1   )
comparable gross profit                                                     $5,598              $5,813
foreign currency impact                                                        (36   )               -
currency neutral comparable gross profit                                    $5,634              $5,813
mark-to-market (sga)                                                          (346   )             437
project k and cost reduction activities (sga)                                 (144   )             (55   )
vie deconsolidation and other costs impacting comparability (sga)               (6   )               -
integration and transaction costs (sga)                                        (20   )             (45   )
acquisitions/divestitures (sga)                                                  -                   -
foreign currency impact                                                         28                   -
reported operating profit                                                   $1,024              $2,837
mark-to-market                                                                (784   )             947
project k and cost reduction activities                                       (298   )            (250   )
vie deconsolidation and other costs impacting comparability                     (6   )               -
integration and transaction costs                                              (43   )             (65   )
acquisitions/divestitures                                                        -                  (1   )
foreign currency impact                                                         (8   )               -
currency neutral comparable operating profit                                $2,127              $2,212
for more information on reconciling items in the table above, please refer to the significant items impacting comparability section.
restructuring and cost reduction activities we view our continued spending on restructuring and cost reduction activities as part of our ongoing operating principles to provide greater visibility in achieving our long-term profit growth targets. initiatives undertaken are currently expected to recover cash implementation costs within a five-year period of completion. upon completion (or as each major stage is completed in the case of multi-year programs), the project begins to deliver cash savings and/or reduced depreciation.
project k project k, a four-year efficiency and effectiveness program, was announced in november 2013, and is expected to generate a significant amount of savings that may be invested in key strategic areas of focus for the business. we expect that this investment will drive future growth in revenues, gross margin, operating profit, and cash flow.
the focus of the program will be to strengthen existing businesses in core markets, increase growth in developing and emerging markets, and drive an increased level of value-added innovation. the program is expected to provide a number of benefits, including an optimized supply chain infrastructure, the implementation of global business services, and a new global focus on categories.
we currently anticipate that project k will result in total pre-tax charges, once all phases are approved and implemented, of $1.2 to $1.4 billion, with after-tax cash costs, including incremental capital investments, estimated to be $900 million to $1.1 billion. cash expenditures of approximately $625 million have been incurred through the end of fiscal year 2015. total cash expenditures, as defined, are expected to be approximately $150 million for 2016 and the balance of $125 to $325 million thereafter. total charges for project k in 2016 are expected to be approximately $175 to $200 million.
we expect annual cost savings generated from project k will be approximately $425 to $475 million by 2018, with approximately two-thirds of the cost savings to be realized in cost of goods sold. we have realized approximately $180 million of annual savings through the end of 2015. we expect approximately $100 million of incremental savings in 2016, approximately 75 to 80 percent of which will come from cost of goods sold. cost savings will be utilized to increase margins and drive sales growth through additional investments in advertising, in-store execution, sales capabilities, including adding sales representatives, re-establishing the kashi business unit, and in the design and quality of our products. we will also invest in production capacity in developing and emerging markets, and in global category teams.
as a result of project k, capital spending levels were increased to 4% of net sales during both 2014 and 2015. our on-going business model assumes capital spending to be approximately 3-4% of net sales annually.
thus far, we have funded much of the cash requirements for project k through our supplier financing initiative. due to the difference in timing between expected cash costs for the project and expected future cash savings, we anticipate funding the project through a combination of cash on hand and short-term debt.
refer to note 4 within notes to consolidated financial statements for further information related to project k and other restructuring activities.
other projects in 2015 we initiated the implementation of a zero-based budgeting (zbb) program in our north america business. this zbb program is expected to deliver visibility to $100 million in annual savings in north america during 2016. we will begin to expand zbb into our international businesses during 2016 with modest savings expected in certain locations in 2016. we expect increased savings to be realized in our international businesses in 2017 and beyond.
in support of the zbb initiative, we incurred pre-tax charges of approximately $12 million in 2015. we anticipate that zbb will result in cumulative pre-tax charges of approximately $25 to $50 million through 2016 which will consist primarily of the design and implementation of business capabilities.
foreign currency translation the reporting currency for our financial statements is the u.s. dollar. certain of our assets, liabilities, expenses and revenues are denominated in currencies other than the u.s. dollar, primarily in the euro, british pound, mexican peso, australian dollar, canadian dollar, venezuelan bolivar fuerte, and russian ruble. to prepare our consolidated financial statements, we must translate those assets, liabilities, expenses and revenues into u.s. dollars at the applicable exchange rates. as a result, increases and decreases in the value of the u.s. dollar against these other currencies will affect the amount of these items in our consolidated financial statements, even if their value has not changed in their original currency. this could have significant impact on our results if such increase or decrease in the value of the u.s. dollar is substantial.
(dollars in millions)                                                                       change vs.prior year
amounts capitalized                   4                 5                 2
income taxes our reported effective tax rates for 2015, 2014 and 2013 were 20.6%, 22.6% and 30.4% respectively. comparable effective tax rates for 2015, 2014 and 2013 were 25.6%, 28.2%, and 28.4%, respectively.
the 2015 and 2014 effective income tax rates benefited from the mark-to-market loss recorded for our pension plans. refer to note 12 within notes to consolidated financial statements for further information. fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could impact the expected effective income tax rate as it is dependent upon u.s. dollar earnings of foreign subsidiaries doing business in various countries with differing statutory tax rates. additionally, the rate could be impacted if pending uncertain tax matters, including tax positions that could be affected by planning initiatives, are resolved more or less favorably than we currently expect.
the following table provides a reconciliation of as reported to currency-neutral comparable income taxes and effective income tax rate for 2015 and 2014.
consolidated results (dollars in millions, except per share data)              2015              2014
mark-to-market                                                             (148   )          (271   )
project k and cost reduction activities                                     (94   )           (80   )
vie deconsolidation and other costs impacting comparability                  (2   )            (2   )
integration and transaction costs                                            (8   )           (12   )
acquisitions/divestitures                                                    (1   )             -
foreign currency impact                                                     (19   )             -
mark-to-market                                                             (4.6   )          (5.8   )
project k and cost reduction activities                                    (0.8   )           0.2
vie deconsolidation and other costs impact comparability                   (0.9   )             -
integration and transaction costs                                             -                 -
acquisitions/divestitures                                                  (0.2   )             -
foreign currency impact                                                     0.7                 -
for more information on reconciling items in the table above, please refer to the significant items impacting comparability section.
the following table provides a reconciliation of as reported to currency-neutral comparable income taxes and effective income tax rate for 2014 and 2013.
consolidated results (dollars in millions, except per share data)              2014              2013
mark-to-market                                                             (271   )           319
project k and cost reduction activities                                     (80   )           (67   )
vie deconsolidation and other costs impacting comparability                  (2   )             -
integration and transaction costs                                           (12   )           (19   )
acquisitions/divestitures                                                     -                 -
foreign currency impact                                                      (3   )             -
mark-to-market                                                             (5.8   )           1.9
project k and cost reduction activities                                     0.2               0.2
vie deconsolidation and other costs impact comparability                      -                 -
integration and transaction costs                                             -              (0.1   )
acquisitions/divestitures                                                     -                 -
foreign currency impact                                                       -                 -
for more information on reconciling items in the table above, please refer to the significant items impacting comparability section.
liquidity and capital resources our principal source of liquidity is operating cash flows supplemented by borrowings for major acquisitions and other significant transactions. our cash-generating capability is one of our fundamental strengths and provides us with substantial financial flexibility in meeting operating and investing needs.
we have historically reported negative working capital primarily as the result of our focus to improve core working capital by reducing our levels of trade receivables and inventory while extending the timing of payment of our trade payables.  in addition, we have a substantial amount of indebtedness which results in current maturities of long-term debt and notes payable which can have a significant impact on working capital as a result of the timing of these required payments. these factors, coupled with the use of our ongoing cash flows from operations to service our debt obligations, pay dividends, fund acquisition opportunities, and repurchase our common stock, reduce our working capital amounts. we had negative working capital of $2.5 billion and $1.0 billion as of january 2, 2016 and january 3, 2015, respectively.
we believe that our operating cash flows, together with our credit facilities and other available debt financing, will be adequate to meet our operating, investing and financing needs in the foreseeable future. however, there can be no assurance that volatility and/or disruption in the global capital and credit markets will not impair our ability to access these markets on terms acceptable to us, or at all.
as of january 2, 2016 and january 3, 2015, we had $231 million and $257 million, respectively, of cash and cash equivalents held in international jurisdictions which will be used to fund capital and other cash requirements of international operations. these amounts include $2 million and $68 million at january 2, 2016 and january 3, 2015, respectively, subject to currency exchange controls in venezuela, limiting the total amount of cash and cash equivalents held by our foreign subsidiaries that can be repatriated at any particular point in time.
the following table sets forth a summary of our cash flows:
operating activities                                                      $1,691                   $1,793              $1,807
investing activities                                                      (1,127        )            (573   )            (641   )
financing activities                                                        (706        )          (1,063   )          (1,141   )
effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents                        (50        )              13                 (33   )
operating activities the principal source of our operating cash flows is net earnings, meaning cash receipts from the sale of our products, net of costs to manufacture and market our products.
our net cash provided by operating activities for 2015 amounted to $1,691 million, a decrease of $102 million compared with 2014. the decrease compared to the prior year is the result of the negative year over year impact of accounts receivable mitigated somewhat by the incremental cash flow benefit from the supplier financing initiative of approximately $210 million. our net cash provided by operating activities for 2014 amounted to $1,793 million, a decrease of $14 million compared with 2013, due primarily to the negative incremental impact of project k cash requirements mitigated somewhat by the positive impact from the supplier financing initiative of approximately $210 million.
our cash conversion cycle (defined as days of inventory, excluding inventoriable mark-to-market pension costs, and trade receivables outstanding less days of trade payables outstanding, based on a trailing 12 month average) is relatively short, equating to approximately 14 days and 27 days for 2015 and 2014, respectively. core working capital in 2015 averaged 6.2% of net sales, compared to 7.6% in 2014 and 7.8% in 2013. in 2015, both our cash conversion cycle and core working capital showed improvements in days of trade payables outstanding which includes the positive impact of a supplier financing initiative. days of trade receivables and inventory on hand increased slightly from 2014 to 2015.
our total pension and postretirement benefit plan funding amounted to $33 million, $53 million and $48 million, in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
the pension protection act (ppa), and subsequent regulations, determines defined benefit plan minimum funding requirements in the united states. we believe that we will not be required to make any contributions under ppa requirements until 2021 or beyond. our projections concerning timing of ppa funding requirements are subject to change primarily based on general market conditions affecting trust asset performance, future discount rates based on average yields of high quality corporate bonds and our decisions regarding certain elective provisions of the ppa.
we currently project that we will make total u.s. and foreign benefit plan contributions in 2016 of approximately $43 million. actual 2016 contributions could be different from our current projections, as influenced by our decision to undertake discretionary funding of our benefit trusts versus other competing investment priorities, future changes in government requirements, trust asset performance, renewals of union contracts, or higher-than-expected health care claims cost experience.
we measure cash flow as net cash provided by operating activities reduced by expenditures for property additions. we use this non-gaap financial measure of cash flow to focus management and investors on the amount of cash available for debt repayment, dividend distributions, acquisition opportunities, and share repurchases. our cash flow metric is reconciled to the most comparable gaap measure, as follows:
net cash provided by operating activities          $1,691               $1,793              $1,807
additions to properties                              (553    )            (582   )            (637   )
year-over-year change                                (6.0   )%             3.5   %
the decrease in cash flow (as defined) in 2015 compared to 2014 was due primarily to the unfavorable year over year impact of accounts receivable mitigated somewhat by the favorable year over year impact of trade payables as a result of the supplier financing initiative. the increase in cash flow in 2014 compared to 2013 was due primarily to lower capital expenditures and improved core working capital partially offset by the negative impact of project k cash requirements.
investing activities our net cash used in investing activities for 2015 amounted to $1,127 million, an increase of $554 million compared with 2014. in 2015, we acquired, for $445 million, a 50% interest in multipro singapore pte. ltd., a leading distributor of a variety of food products in nigeria and ghana, and an option to purchase a minority interest in an affiliated food manufacturer. in addition to our joint venture investment in 2015, we also acquired mass foods and a majority interest in bisco misr.
capital spending in 2015 included investments in our supply chain infrastructure, and to support capacity requirements in certain markets and products, including pringles in asia-pacific.
net cash used in investing activities of $573 million in 2014 decreased $68 million compared with 2013.
cash paid for additions to properties as a percentage of net sales increased to 4.1% in 2015, from 4.0% in 2014, which was a decrease from 4.3% in 2013.
financing activities our net cash used by financing activities was $706 million, $1,063 million and $1,141 million for 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the use of cash in financing activities compared to the prior year declined due primarily to net proceeds from notes payable of $374 million in 2015 versus $89 million in 2014.
in may 2015, we repaid our $350 million 1.125% u.s. dollar notes due 2015 at maturity.
in february 2015, we repaid our floating-rate $250 million u.s. dollar notes due 2015 at maturity and in march 2015, we issued €600 million of ten-year 1.25% euro notes due 2025.
in march 2014, we redeemed $150 million of our 4.00% u.s. dollar notes due 2020, $342 million of our 3.125% u.s. dollar notes due 2022 and $189 million of our 2.75% u.s. dollar notes due 2023. in connection with the debt redemption, we incurred $1 million of interest expense, offset by $8 million of accelerated gains on interest rate hedges previously recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income, and incurred $5 million expense, recorded in other income, expense (net), related to acceleration of fees on the redeemed debt and fees related to the tender offer.
in may 2014, we issued €500 million of seven-year 1.75% euro notes due 2021, using the proceeds for general corporate purposes, which included repayment of a portion of our commercial paper borrowings.
in may 2014, we issued cdn. $300 million of three-year 2.05% canadian dollar notes due 2017, using the proceeds, together with cash on hand, to repay our cdn. $300 million, 2.10% notes due may 2014 at maturity.
in february 2013, we issued $250 million of two-year floating-rate u.s. dollar notes, and $400 million of ten-year 2.75% u.s. dollar notes, resulting in aggregate net proceeds after debt discount of $645 million. the proceeds from these notes were used for general corporate purposes, including, together with cash on hand, repayment of the $750 million aggregate principal amount of our 4.25% u.s. dollar notes due march 2013.
during 2015, we purchased 11 million shares totaling $731 million. during 2014, we purchased 11 million shares totaling $690 million. in may 2013, we entered into an accelerated share repurchase (asr) agreement with a financial institution counterparty and paid $355 million for the purchase of shares during the term of the agreement which extended through august 2013. the total number of shares delivered upon settlement of the asr was based upon the volume weighted average price of the company's stock over the term of the agreement. total shares
we paid quarterly dividends to shareholders totaling $1.98 per share in 2015, $1.90 per share in 2014 and $1.80 per share in 2013. total cash paid for dividends increased by 3.0% in 2015 and 4.0% in 2014. in february 2016, the board of directors declared a dividend of $.50 per common share, payable on march 15, 2016 to shareholders of record at the close of business on march 1, 2016.
in february 2014, we entered into an unsecured five-year credit agreement to replace the existing unsecured four-year credit agreement, which would have expired in march 2015. the five-year credit agreement allows us to borrow, on a revolving credit basis, up to $2.0 billion.
our long-term debt agreements contain customary covenants that limit kellogg company and some of its subsidiaries from incurring certain liens or from entering into certain sale and lease-back transactions. some agreements also contain change in control provisions. however, they do not contain acceleration of maturity clauses that are dependent on credit ratings. a change in our credit ratings could limit our access to the u.s. short-term debt market and/or increase the cost of refinancing long-term debt in the future. however, even under these circumstances, we would continue to have access to our five-year credit agreement, which expires in february 2019. this source of liquidity is unused and available on an unsecured basis, although we do not currently plan to use it.
we monitor the financial strength of our third-party financial institutions, including those that hold our cash and cash equivalents as well as those who serve as counterparties to our credit facilities, our derivative financial instruments, and other arrangements.
we are in compliance with all covenants as of january 2, 2016. we continue to believe that we will be able to meet our interest and principal repayment obligations and maintain our debt covenants for the foreseeable future, while still meeting our operational needs, including the pursuit of selected bolt-on acquisitions. this will be accomplished through our strong cash flow, our short-term borrowings, and our maintenance of credit facilities on a global basis. we anticipate establishing a discrete customer program which would allow for extended customer payment terms.  in connection with this program, we may enter into an agreement with one or more financial institutions to monetize these receivables resulting in the receivables being de-recognized from our consolidated balance sheet.  we currently estimate that the amount of these receivables held at any time by the financial institution(s) will be approximately $500 to $600 million.
capital leases (b)                            5                   2                   1                 1                 -                   -                     1
uncertain tax positions (e)                  13                  13                   -                 -                 -                   -                     -
(a)   includes interest payments on our long-term debt and payments on our interest rate swaps. interest calculated on our variable rate debt was forecasted using the libor forward rate curve as of january 2, 2016.
(b)   the total expected cash payments on our capital leases include interest expense totaling less than $1 million over the periods presented above.
(c)   operating leases represent the minimum rental commitments under non-cancelable operating leases.
(d)   purchase obligations consist primarily of fixed commitments for raw materials to be utilized in the normal course of business and for marketing, advertising and other services. the amounts presented in the table do not include items already recorded in accounts payable or other current liabilities at year-end 2015, nor does the table reflect cash flows we are likely to incur based on our plans, but are not obligated to incur. therefore, it should be noted that the exclusion of these items from the table could be a limitation in assessing our total future cash flows under contracts.
(e)   as of january 2, 2016, our total liability for uncertain tax positions was $73 million, of which $13 million is expected to be paid in the next twelve months. we are not able to reasonably estimate the timing of future cash flows related to the remaining $60 million.
(f)   other long-term obligations are those associated with noncurrent liabilities recorded within the consolidated balance sheet at year-end 2015 and consist principally of projected commitments under deferred compensation arrangements, multiemployer plans, and supplemental employee retirement benefits. the table also includes our current estimate of minimum contributions to defined benefit pension and postretirement benefit plans through 2021 as follows: 2016-$43; 2017-$34; 2018-$34; 2019-$34; 2020-$103; 2021-$190.
critical accounting estimates promotional expenditures our promotional activities are conducted either through the retail trade or directly with consumers and include activities such as in-store displays and events, feature price discounts, consumer coupons, contests and loyalty programs. the costs of these activities are generally recognized at the time the related revenue is recorded, which normally precedes the actual cash expenditure. the recognition of these costs therefore requires management judgment regarding the volume of promotional offers that will be redeemed by either the retail trade or consumer. these estimates are made using various techniques including historical data on performance of similar promotional programs. differences between estimated expense and actual redemptions are normally insignificant and recognized as a change in management estimate in a subsequent period. on a full-year basis, these subsequent period adjustments represent approximately 0.4% of our company's net sales. however, our company's total promotional expenditures (including amounts classified as a revenue reduction) are significant, so it is likely our results would be materially different if different assumptions or conditions were to prevail.
property long-lived assets such as property, plant and equipment are tested for impairment when conditions indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. management evaluates several conditions, including, but not limited to, the following: a significant decrease in the market price of an asset or an asset group; a significant adverse change in the extent or manner in which a long-lived asset is being used, including an extended period of idleness; and a current expectation that, more likely than not, a long-lived asset or asset group will be sold or otherwise disposed of significantly before the end of its previously estimated useful life. for assets to be held and used, we project the expected future undiscounted cash flows generated by the long-lived asset or asset group over the remaining useful life of the primary asset. if the cash flow analysis yields an amount less than the carrying amount we determine the fair value of the asset or asset group by using comparable market data. there are inherent uncertainties associated with the judgments and estimates we use in these analyses.
at january 2, 2016, we have property, plant and equipment of $3.6 billion, net of accumulated depreciation, on our balance sheet. included in this amount are approximately $51 million of idle assets.
goodwill and other intangible assets we perform an impairment evaluation of goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives at least annually during the fourth quarter of each year in conjunction with our annual budgeting process.
goodwill impairment testing first requires a comparison between the carrying value and fair value of a reporting unit with associated goodwill. carrying value is based on the assets and liabilities associated with the operations of that reporting unit, which often requires allocation of shared or corporate items among reporting units. for the 2015 goodwill impairment test, the fair value of the reporting units was estimated based on market multiples. our approach employs market multiples based on earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (ebitda) and earnings for companies comparable to our reporting units. in the event the fair value determined using the market multiples approach is close to the carrying value, we may also supplement our fair value determination using discounted cash flows. management believes the assumptions used for the impairment test are consistent with those utilized by a market participant performing similar valuations for our reporting units.
similarly, impairment testing of indefinite-lived intangible assets requires a comparison of carrying value to fair value of that particular asset. fair values of non-goodwill intangible assets are based primarily on projections of future cash flows to be generated from that asset. for instance, cash flows related to a particular trademark would be based on a projected royalty stream attributable to branded product sales discounted at rates consistent with rates used by market participants. these estimates are made using various inputs including historical data, current and anticipated market conditions, management plans, and market comparables.
we also evaluate the useful life over which a non-goodwill intangible asset with a finite life is expected to contribute directly or indirectly to our cash flows. reaching a determination on useful life requires significant judgments and assumptions regarding the future effects of obsolescence, demand, competition, other economic factors (such as the stability of the industry, known technological advances, legislative action that results in an uncertain or changing regulatory environment, and expected changes in distribution channels), the level of required maintenance expenditures, and the expected lives of other related groups of assets.
at january 2, 2016, goodwill and other intangible assets amounted to $7.2 billion, consisting primarily of goodwill and brands associated with the 2001 acquisition of keebler foods company and the 2012 acquisition of pringles. within this total, approximately $2.2 billion of non-goodwill intangible assets were classified as indefinite-lived, comprised principally of keebler and pringles trademarks. we currently believe that the fair value of our goodwill and other intangible assets exceeds their carrying value and that those intangibles so classified will contribute indefinitely to our cash flows. the percentage of excess fair value over carrying value of the u.s. snacks reporting unit was approximately 43% and 59% in 2015 and 2014, respectively. however, if we had used materially different assumptions, which we do not believe are reasonably possible, regarding the future performance of our business or a different market multiple in the valuation, this could have resulted in significant impairment losses. additionally, we have $25 million of goodwill related to our 2008 acquisition of united bakers in russia. fair value of the intangibles for this business exceeded carrying value in 2015. if we used modestly different assumptions regarding sales multiples and ebitda in the valuation, this could have resulted in an impairment loss. management will continue to monitor the situation closely.
retirement benefits our company sponsors a number of u.s. and foreign defined benefit employee pension plans and also provides retiree health care and other welfare benefits in the united states and canada. plan funding strategies are influenced by tax regulations and asset return performance. a substantial majority of plan assets are invested in a globally diversified portfolio of equity securities with smaller holdings of debt securities and other investments. we recognize the cost of benefits provided during retirement over the employees' active working life to determine the obligations and expense related to our retiree benefit plans. inherent in this concept is the requirement to use various actuarial assumptions to predict and measure costs and obligations many years prior to the settlement date. major actuarial assumptions that require significant management judgment and have a material impact on the measurement of our consolidated benefits expense and accumulated obligation include the long-term rates of return on plan assets, the health care cost trend rates, the mortality table and improvement scale, and the interest rates used to discount the obligations for our major plans, which cover employees in the united states, united kingdom and canada.
our expense recognition policy for pension and nonpension postretirement benefits is to immediately recognize actuarial gains and losses in our operating results in the year in which they occur. actuarial gains and losses are recognized annually as of our measurement date, which is our fiscal year-end, or when remeasurement is otherwise required under generally accepted accounting principles.
additionally, for purposes of calculating the expected return on plan assets related to pension and nonpension postretirement benefits we use the fair value of plan assets.
to conduct our annual review of the long-term rate of return on plan assets, we model expected returns over a 20-year investment horizon with respect to the specific investment mix of each of our major plans. the return assumptions used reflect a combination of rigorous historical performance analysis and forward-looking views of the financial markets including consideration of current yields on long-term bonds, price-earnings ratios of the major stock market indices, and long-term inflation. our u.s. plan model, corresponding to approximately 68% of our trust assets globally, currently incorporates a long-term inflation assumption of 2.5% and an active management premium of 1% (net of fees) validated by historical analysis and future return expectations. although we review our expected long-term rates of return annually, our benefit trust investment performance for one particular year does not, by itself, significantly influence our evaluation. our expected rates of return have generally not been revised, provided these rates continue to fall within a "more likely than not" corridor of between the 25th and 75th percentile of expected long-term returns, as determined by our modeling process. our assumed rate of return for u.s. plans in 2016 of 8.5% equates to approximately the 57th percentile expectation of our model. similar methods are used for various foreign plans with invested assets, reflecting local economic conditions. foreign trust investments represent approximately 32% of our global benefit plan assets.
based on consolidated benefit plan assets at january 2, 2016, a 100 basis point increase or decrease in the assumed rate of return would correspondingly increase or decrease 2016 benefits expense by approximately
$55 million. for each of the three fiscal years, our actual return on plan assets exceeded (was less than) the recognized assumed return by the following amounts (in millions): 2015-$(666); 2014-$(41); 2013-$545.
to conduct our annual review of health care cost trend rates, we model our actual claims cost data over a five-year historical period, including an analysis of pre-65 versus post-65 age groups and other important demographic components in our covered retiree population. this data is adjusted to eliminate the impact of plan changes and other factors that would tend to distort the underlying cost inflation trends. our initial health care cost trend rate is reviewed annually and adjusted as necessary to remain consistent with recent historical experience and our expectations regarding short-term future trends. in comparison to our actual five-year compound annual claims cost growth rate of approximately 4.95%, our initial trend rate for 2016 of 5.00% reflects the expected future impact of faster-growing claims experience for certain demographic groups within our total employee population. our initial rate is trended downward by 0.25% per year, until the ultimate trend rate of 4.5% is reached. the ultimate trend rate is adjusted annually, as necessary, to approximate the current economic view on the rate of long-term inflation plus an appropriate health care cost premium. based on consolidated obligations at january 2, 2016, a 100 basis point increase in the assumed health care cost trend rates would increase 2016 benefits expense by approximately $4 million and generate an immediate loss recognition of $89 million. a 100 basis point excess of 2016 actual health care claims cost over that calculated from the assumed trend rate would result in an experience loss of approximately $4 million and would increase 2016 expense by $0.2 million. any arising health care claims cost-related experience gain or loss is recognized in the year in which they occur. the experience loss arising from recognition of 2015 claims experience was approximately $3 million.
assumed mortality rates of plan participants are a critical estimate in measuring the expected payments a participant will receive over their lifetime and the amount of expense we recognize. at the end of 2014, we revised our mortality assumption after considering the society of actuaries' (soa) updated mortality tables and improvement scale, as well as other mortality information available from the social security administration to develop assumptions aligned with our expectation of future improvement rates. in determining the appropriate mortality assumptions as of january 2, 2016, we considered the soa's 2015 updated improvement scale and believe our assumption remains appropriate.
to conduct our annual review of discount rates, we selected the discount rate based on a cash-flow matching analysis using willis towers watson's proprietary rate:link tool and projections of the future benefit payments constituting the projected benefit obligation for the plans. rate:link establishes the uniform discount rate that produces the same present value of the estimated future benefit payments, as is generated by discounting each year's benefit payments by a spot rate applicable to that year. the spot rates used in this process are derived from a yield curve created from yields on the 40th to 90th percentile of u.s. high quality bonds. a similar methodology is applied in canada and europe, except the smaller bond markets imply that yields between the 10th and 90th percentiles are preferable. we use a december 31 measurement date for our defined benefit plans. accordingly, we select discount rates to measure our benefit obligations that are consistent with market indices during december of each year.
based on consolidated obligations at january 2, 2016, a 25 basis point decline in the weighted-average discount rate used for benefit plan measurement purposes would decrease 2016 benefits expense by approximately $2 million and would result in an immediate loss recognition of $222 million. all obligation-related actuarial gains and losses are recognized immediately in the year in which they occur.
despite the previously-described rigorous policies for selecting major actuarial assumptions, we periodically experience material differences between assumed and actual experience. during 2015, we recognized a net actuarial loss of approximately $418 million compared to a net actuarial loss of approximately $918 million in 2014. of the total net loss recognized in 2015, approximately $(245) million was related primarily to favorable changes in the discount rate and other assumptions and $666 million was related to asset losses and $(3) million was related to a discrete benefit resulting from certain events affecting our benefit programs. of the $918 million net loss recognized in 2014, approximately $911 million was related to unfavorable changes in the discount rate and mortality assumptions, and $41 million was related to asset losses, and $(34) million was related to a discrete benefit resulting from certain events affecting our benefit programs.
during 2015, we made contributions in the amount of $19 million to kellogg's global tax-qualified pension programs. this amount was mostly non-discretionary. additionally we contributed $14 million to our retiree medical programs.
our consolidated effective income tax rate is influenced by tax planning opportunities available to us in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. the calculation of our income tax provision and deferred income tax assets and liabilities is complex and requires the use of estimates and judgment. income taxes are provided on the portion of foreign earnings that is expected to be remitted to and taxable in the united states.
we recognize tax benefits associated with uncertain tax positions when, in our judgment, it is more likely than not that the positions will be sustained upon examination by a taxing authority. for tax positions that meet the more likely than not recognition threshold, we initially and subsequently measure the tax benefits as the largest amount that we judge to have a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. our liability associated with unrecognized tax benefits is adjusted periodically due to changing circumstances, such as the progress of tax audits, new or emerging legislation and tax planning. the tax position will be derecognized when it is no longer more likely than not of being sustained. significant adjustments to our liability for unrecognized tax benefits impacting our effective tax rate are separately presented in the rate reconciliation table of note 12 within notes to consolidated financial statements.
accounting standards to be adopted in future periods recognition and measurement of financial assets and liabilities. in january 2016, the fasb issued an asu which primarily affects the accounting for equity investments, financial liabilities under the fair value option, and the presentation and disclosure requirements for financial instruments. the asu is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after december 15, 2017. early adoption can be elected for all financial statements of fiscal years and interim periods that have not yet been issued or that have not yet been made available for issuance. entities should apply the update by means of a cumulative-effect adjustment to the balance sheet as of the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. we will adopt the updated standard in the first quarter of 2018. we do not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a significant impact on our financial statements.
balance sheet classification of deferred taxes. in november 2015, the fasb issued an asu to simplify the presentation of deferred income taxes. the asu requires that deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in a classified statement of financial position. the asu is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after december 15, 2016. entities should apply the new guidance either prospectively to all deferred tax liabilities and assets or retrospectively to all periods presented. early adoption is permitted. we are currently evaluating when we will adopt the updated standard and whether to use the prospective or retrospective method. our year-end 2015 balance for current deferred tax assets and liabilities was $227 and $9 million, respectively.  please see note 12 for more information on our deferred tax assets and liabilities.
simplifying the accounting for measurement-period adjustments. in september 2015, the fasb issued an asu to simplify the accounting for measurement-period adjustments for items in a business combination. the asu requires that an acquirer recognize adjustments to provisional amounts that are identified during the measurement period in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined. the asu is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after december 15, 2015. entities should apply the new guidance prospectively to adjustments to provisional amounts that occur after the effective date of the asu with earlier application permitted for financial statements that have not been issued. we will adopt the updated standard in the first quarter of 2016. we do not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a significant impact on our financial statements.
simplifying the presentation of debt issuance costs. in april 2015, the fasb issued an asu to simplify the presentation of debt issuance costs. the asu requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. the recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs are not affected by the amendments in this asu. the asu is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after december 15, 2015. early adoption is permitted. entities should apply the new guidance on a retrospective basis. we will adopt the updated standard in the first quarter of 2016. we do not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a significant impact on our financial statements.
customer's accounting for fees paid in a cloud computing arrangement. in april 2015, the fasb issued an asu to help entities evaluate the accounting for fees paid by a customer in a cloud computing arrangement. the asu is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after december 15, 2015. early adoption is permitted. entities should apply the new guidance either; 1) prospectively to all arrangements entered into or
materially modified after the effective date or 2) retrospectively. we will adopt the updated standard prospectively in the first quarter of 2016. we do not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a significant impact on our financial statements.
revenue from contracts with customers. in may 2014, the fasb issued an asu which provides guidance for accounting for revenue from contracts with customers. the core principle of this asu is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration the entity expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. to achieve that core principle, an entity would be required to apply the following five steps: 1) identify the contract(s) with a customer; 2) identify the performance obligations in the contract; 3) determine the transaction price; 4) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract and 5) recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. when the asu was originally issued it was effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after december 15, 2016, and early adoption was not permitted. on july 9, 2015, the fasb decided to delay the effective date of the new revenue standard by one year. the updated standard will be effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after december 15, 2017. entities will be permitted to adopt the new revenue standard early, but not before the original effective date.  entities will have the option to apply the final standard retrospectively or use a modified retrospective method, recognizing the cumulative effect of the asu in retained earnings at the date of initial application. an entity will not restate prior periods if it uses the modified retrospective method, but will be required to disclose the amount by which each financial statement line item is affected in the current reporting period by the application of the asu as compared to the guidance in effect prior to the change, as well as reasons for significant changes. we will adopt the updated standard in the first quarter of 2018. we are currently evaluating the impact that implementing this asu will have on our financial statements and disclosures, as well as whether we will use the retrospective or modified retrospective method of adoption.
future outlook we expect during 2016 that project k and zero-based budgeting savings will enable us to continue to invest in our businesses, our foods, and the categories in which we compete. we expect currency-neutral comparable net sales growth to be in the range of 1 to 3 percent. while our original 2016 guidance always included pricing to cover the impact of inflation in venezuela, our latest outlook includes more pricing to offset inflation. while it is difficult to predict pricing actions that will be required in venezuela, it is possible that currency-neutral comparable net sales growth could exceed our guidance range due to venezuela.
we also expect currency-neutral comparable gross margin to be up slightly due to deflation resulting from material costs, savings from project k and zero-based budgeting. this expectation for currency-neutral comparable gross margin excludes the impact of highly inflationary economies. finally, we expect currency-neutral comparable operating profit growth in the range of 4 to 6 percent and currency-neutral comparable eps to increase in the range of 6 to 8 percent.
we expect that full-year operating cash flow will be approximately $1.1 billion, including capital spending in the range of 4 to 5 percent of net sales. this capital spending expectation reflects much lower capital spending for project k, but increased capital spending to support growth in our pringles business.