item 1a.    risk factors our business faces many risks and uncertainties that we cannot control. any of the risks discussed below, as well as factors described in other places in this form 10-k, or in our other filings with the sec, could adversely affect our business, consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. in addition, these items could cause our future results to differ from those in any of our forward-looking statements. these risks are not the only ones we face. other risks that we do not presently know about or that we presently believe are not material could also adversely affect us.
our international operations are subject to foreign market risks, including foreign exchange risk, currency restrictions and political, social and economic instability, which may adversely affect our financial results.
our strategy includes operations growth outside the u.s., especially in developing markets such as china, latin america and eastern europe. more than half of our net sales come from markets outside the u.s. we and our equity companies have manufacturing facilities in 39 countries, and sell products in more than 175 countries. our results may be substantially affected by a number of foreign market risks:
•   exposure to the movement of various currencies against each other and the u.s. dollar. a portion of the exposures, arising from transactions and commitments denominated in non-local currencies, is systematically managed through foreign currency forward and swap contracts. we do not generally hedge our translation exposure with respect to foreign operations.
•   increases in currency exchange restrictions. these restrictions could limit our ability to repatriate earnings from outside the u.s. or obtain currency exchange for u.s. dollar inputs to continue operating in certain countries.
•   adverse political conditions. risks related to political instability, expropriation, new or revised legal or regulatory constraints, difficulties in enforcing contractual and intellectual property rights, and potentially adverse tax consequences would adversely affect our financial results.
3     kimberly-clark corporation - 2015 annual report the inability to effectively manage foreign market risk could adversely affect our business, consolidated financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. see recent developments, md&a and item 8, note 1 for information about the impact on our operations from currency restrictions in venezuela and our decision to deconsolidate our venezuelan operations at december 31, 2015.
intense competition for sales of our products, changes in consumer purchasing patterns and the inability to innovate or market our products effectively could have an adverse effect on our financial results.
we operate in highly competitive domestic and international markets against well-known, branded products and low-cost or private label products. inherent risks in our competitive strategy include uncertainties concerning trade and consumer acceptance, the effects of consolidation within retailer and distribution channels, and competitors' actions. our competitors for these markets include global, regional and local manufacturers, including private label manufacturers. some of these competitors may have better access to financial resources and greater market penetration, which enable them to offer a wider variety of products and services at more competitive prices. alternatively, some of these competitors may have significantly lower product development and manufacturing costs, particularly with respect to private label products, allowing them to offer products at a lower price. the actions of these competitors could adversely affect our financial results. it may be necessary for us to lower prices on our products and increase spending on advertising and promotions, which could adversely affect our financial results.
we may be unable to anticipate or adequately respond to changes in consumer demand for our products. demand for our products may change based on many factors, including shifting consumer purchasing patterns to lower cost options such as private-label products and mid to lower-tier value products, low birth rates in certain countries due to slow economic growth or other factors, negative consumer response to pricing actions or changes in consumer trends or habits. if we experience lower sales due to changes in consumer demand for our products, our earnings could decrease.
our ability to develop new products is affected by whether we can successfully anticipate consumer needs and preferences, develop and fund technological innovations, and receive and maintain necessary patent and trademark protection. in addition, we incur substantial development and marketing costs in introducing new and improved products and technologies. the introduction of a new consumer product (whether improved or newly developed) usually requires substantial expenditures for advertising and marketing to gain recognition in the marketplace. if a product gains consumer acceptance, it normally requires continued advertising and promotional support to maintain its relative market position. some of our competitors may spend more aggressively on advertising and promotional activities, introduce competing products more quickly and respond more effectively to changing business and economic conditions. we may not be successful in developing new or improved products and technologies necessary to compete successfully in the industry, and we may not be successful in advertising, marketing, timely launching and selling our products. also, if we fail to perfect or successfully assert our intellectual property rights, we may be less competitive, which could adversely affect our business, financial results and financial condition.
developing and maintaining our reputation, as well as the reputation of our brands, is a critical factor in our relationship with consumers, customers, suppliers and others. our inability to address adverse publicity or other issues, including concerns about product safety, quality, efficacy or similar matters, or breaches of consumer, customer, supplier, employee or other confidential information, real or perceived, could negatively impact sentiment towards us and our products and brands, and our business and financial results could suffer. consumers increasing use and reliance on social media for information could increase the risk of adverse publicity, potentially with negative perception of our products or brands. our business and results could also be negatively impacted by the effects of a significant product recall, product-related litigation, allegations of product tampering or contamination, the distribution and sale of counterfeit products, or a failure or breach of our information technology systems.
our products are sold in a highly competitive global marketplace, which continues to experience increased concentration and the growing presence of large-format retailers and discounters. with the consolidation of retail trade, especially in developed markets such as the u.s., europe and australia, we are increasingly dependent on key retailers, and some of these retailers, including large-format retailers, may have significant bargaining power. they may use this leverage to demand higher trade discounts or allowances which could lead to reduced profitability. we may also be negatively affected by changes in the policies of our retail trade customers, such as inventory de-stocking, limitations on access to shelf space, delisting of our products, additional requirements related to safety, environmental, social and other sustainability issues, and other conditions. if we lose a significant customer or if sales of our products to a significant customer materially decrease, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be
4     kimberly-clark corporation - 2015 annual report adversely affected. in addition, the emergence of new sales channels may affect customer preferences and market dynamics and could adversely impact our financial results. these new channels include sales of consumer and other products via e-commerce, as well as the growth of large-format retailers and discounters that exclusively sell private-label products.
significant increases in prices for raw materials, energy, transportation and other necessary supplies and services, without corresponding increases in our selling prices, could adversely affect our financial results.
increases in the cost and availability of raw materials, including pulp and petroleum-based materials, the cost of energy, transportation and other necessary services, supplier constraints, an inability to maintain favorable supplier arrangements and relations or an inability to avoid disruptions in production output could have an adverse effect on our financial results.
cellulose fiber, in the form of kraft pulp or recycled fiber from recovered waste paper, is used extensively in our tissue products and is subject to significant price fluctuations. cellulose fiber, in the form of fluff pulp, is a key component in our personal care products. in past years, pulp prices have experienced significant volatility. increases in pulp prices or limits in the availability of recycled fiber could adversely affect our earnings if selling prices for our finished products are not adjusted or if these adjustments significantly trail the increases in pulp prices. we have not used derivative instruments to manage these risks.
a number of our products, such as diapers, training and youth pants, feminine pads, incontinence care products and disposable wipes, contain certain materials that are principally derived from petroleum. these materials are subject to price fluctuations based on changes in petroleum prices, availability and other factors, with these prices experiencing significant volatility in recent years. we purchase these materials from a number of suppliers. significant increases in prices for these materials could adversely affect our earnings if selling prices for our finished products are not adjusted, if these adjustments significantly trail the increases in prices for these materials, or if we do not utilize lower priced substitutes for these materials. generally, we have not used derivative instruments to manage these risks.
our manufacturing operations utilize electricity, natural gas and petroleum-based fuels. to ensure we use all forms of energy efficiently and cost-effectively, we maintain energy efficiency improvement programs at our manufacturing sites. our contracts with energy suppliers vary as to price, payment terms, quantities and duration. our energy costs are also affected by various market factors including the availability of supplies of particular forms of energy, energy prices and local and national regulatory decisions (including actions taken to address climate change and related market responses). there can be no assurance that we will be fully protected against substantial changes in the price or availability of energy sources. we use derivative instruments to manage a portion of natural gas price risk in accordance with our risk management policy.
new or revised legal or regulatory requirements, potential litigation or administrative actions, or tax matters could have an adverse effect on our financial results.
as a global company, we are subject to many laws and governmental regulations across all of the countries in which we do business, including laws and regulations involving marketing, antitrust, anti-bribery or anti-corruption, product liability, environmental, intellectual property or other matters, as well as potential litigation or administrative actions. additionally, our sales and results of operations may be adversely impacted by new or revised legal requirements, including excise or other taxes, financial reform legislation and regulations, export control and foreign sanctions legislation, and climate change and other environmental legislation and regulations. the costs and other effects of pending litigation and administrative actions against us and new legal requirements cannot be determined with certainty. for example, new legislation or regulations may result in increased costs to us, directly for our compliance or indirectly to the extent suppliers increase prices of goods and services because of increased compliance costs or reduced availability of raw materials. adverse regulatory action, including a recall, regulatory or other governmental investigation, or product liability or other litigation may adversely affect our financial condition and business operations.
we are subject to income tax requirements in various jurisdictions in the u.s. and internationally. many of these jurisdictions face budgetary shortfalls or have unpredictable enforcement activity. increases in applicable tax rates, implementation of new taxes, changes in applicable tax laws and interpretations of these tax laws and actions by tax authorities in jurisdictions in which we operate could reduce our after-tax income and have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
our ability to manufacture, distribute and sell products is critical to our operations. these activities are subject to inherent risks such as natural disasters, power outages, fires or explosions, labor strikes, terrorism, pandemics, import restrictions, regional economic, business, environmental or political events, governmental regulatory requirements or nongovernmental voluntary actions in response to global climate change or other concerns regarding the sustainability of our business, which could impair our ability to manufacture or sell our products. this interruption, if not mitigated in advance or otherwise effectively managed, could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations, as well as require additional resources to address.
in addition, third parties manufacture some of our products and provide certain administrative services. disruptions or delays at these third-party manufacturers or service providers due to the reasons above or the failure of these manufacturers or service providers to otherwise satisfactorily perform, could adversely impact our operations, sales, payments to our vendors, employees, and others, and our ability to report financial and management information on a timely and accurate basis.
we continue to implement plans to improve our competitive position by achieving cost reductions in our operations, including implementing restructuring programs in functions or areas of our business where we believe such opportunities exist. in addition, we expect ongoing cost savings from our continuous improvement activities. we anticipate these cost savings will result from reducing material costs and manufacturing waste and realizing productivity gains, distribution efficiencies and overhead reductions in each of our business segments and in our corporate functions. any negative impact these plans have on our relationships with employees or customers or any failure to generate the anticipated efficiencies and savings could adversely affect our financial results.
our information technology systems, some of which are dependent on services provided by third parties, serve an important role in the efficient and effective operation and administration of our business. these systems could be damaged or cease to function properly due to any number of causes, such as catastrophic events, power outages, security breaches, computer viruses or cyber-based attacks. while we have contingency plans in place to prevent or mitigate the impact of these events, if they were to occur and our disaster recovery plans do not effectively address the issues on a timely basis, we could suffer interruptions in our ability to manage our operations, which may adversely affect our business and financial results.
increased cyber-security threats and computer crime also pose a potential risk to the security of our information technology systems, including those of third party service providers with whom we have contracted, as well as the confidentiality, integrity and availability of the data stored on those systems. any breach in our information technology security systems could result in the disclosure or misuse of confidential or proprietary information, including sensitive customer, vendor, employee or investor information maintained in the ordinary course of our business. any such event could cause damage to our reputation, loss of valuable information or loss of revenue and could result in large expenditures to investigate or remediate, to recover data, to repair or replace networks or information systems, or to protect against similar future events.
we periodically divest product lines or businesses. these divestitures may adversely impact our results if we are unable to offset the dilutive impacts from the loss of revenue associated with the divested products or businesses, mitigate overhead costs allocated to those businesses, or otherwise achieve the anticipated benefits or cost savings from the divestitures. furthermore, the divestitures could adversely affect our ongoing business operations, including by enhancing our competitors' positions or reducing consumer confidence in our ongoing brands and products.
we may pursue acquisitions of product lines or businesses from third parties. acquisitions involve numerous risks, including difficulties in the assimilation of the operations, technologies, services and products of the acquired product lines or businesses, estimation and assumption of liabilities and contingencies, personnel turnover and the diversion of management's attention from other business concerns. we may be unable to successfully integrate and manage product lines or businesses that we may acquire in the future, or be unable to achieve anticipated benefits or cost savings from acquisitions in the timeframe we anticipate, or at all.
6     kimberly-clark corporation - 2015 annual report the inability to effectively and efficiently manage divestitures and acquisitions with the results we expect or in the timeframe we anticipate could adversely affect our business, consolidated financial condition, results of operations or liquidity.
the 2014 spin-off of our health care business could result in substantial tax liability to us and our shareholders.
on october 31, 2014, we completed the spin-off of our health care business, creating a stand-alone, publicly traded health care company, halyard health, inc. ("halyard"). historically, the irs provided companies seeking to perform a spin-off transaction with an advance ruling that the proposed spin-off transaction would qualify for tax-free treatment. however, the irs no longer provides such advance rulings. prior to completing the spin-off of our health care business, we obtained an opinion of counsel that neither we nor our u.s. shareholders will recognize taxable income, gain or loss for u.s. federal income tax purposes as a result of the spin-off. the opinion of counsel is based on certain statements and representations made by us, which, if incomplete or inaccurate in any material respect, could invalidate the opinion of counsel. in addition, this opinion is not binding on the irs. accordingly, the irs or the courts may reach conclusions with respect to the spin-off that are different from the conclusions reached in the opinion of counsel.
if the spin-off and certain related transactions were determined to be taxable, we would be subject to a substantial tax liability. in addition, if the spin-off were deemed taxable, each u.s. holder of our common stock who received shares of halyard would generally be treated as receiving a taxable distribution of property in an amount equal to the fair market value of the shares received.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations introduction this md&a is intended to provide investors with an understanding of our recent performance, financial condition and prospects. dollar amounts are reported in millions, except per share dollar amounts, unless otherwise noted. the following will be discussed and analyzed:
•   unaudited quarterly data
•   liquidity and capital resources
•   critical accounting policies and use of estimates
•   information concerning forward-looking statements throughout this md&a, we refer to financial measures that have not been calculated in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the u.s., or gaap, and are therefore referred to as non-gaap financial measures. these measures include adjusted operating profit, adjusted net income, adjusted earnings per share, adjusted other (income) and expense, net, and adjusted effective tax rate. we believe these measures provide our investors with additional information about our underlying results and trends, as well as insight to some of the financial measures used to evaluate management.
non-gaap financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the comparable gaap measures, and they should be read only in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with gaap.  there are limitations to these non-gaap financial measures because they are not prepared in accordance with gaap and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies due to potential differences in methods of calculation and items being excluded.  we compensate for these limitations by using these non-gaap financial measures as a supplement to the gaap measures and by providing reconciliations of the non-gaap and comparable gaap financial measures.
the non-gaap financial measures exclude the following items for the relevant time periods as indicated in the reconciliations included later in this md&a:
•   uncertain tax positions adjustment - in the fourth quarter of 2015, we updated our assessment of uncertain tax positions for certain international operations, and recorded a charge related to prior years in provision for income taxes.
•   2014 organization restructuring - in october 2014, we initiated a restructuring plan in order to improve organization efficiency and offset the impact of stranded overhead costs resulting from the spin-off of our health care business. results in both 2014 and 2015 include charges related to this initiative.
•   regulatory dispute in the middle east - in 2014, we recorded a charge as a result of an adverse court ruling regarding the treatment of capital contributions in prior years to an affiliate in the middle east.
•   european strategic changes and related restructuring charges - in 2012, we initiated strategic changes to and a related restructuring in our western and central european businesses. results in 2014 and 2013 include charges related to this restructuring activity.
in addition, we provide commentary regarding organic net sales, which exclude the impact of changes in foreign currency rates and lower sales in 2014 and 2013 associated with european strategic changes and tissue restructuring actions.
12      kimberly-clark corporation - 2015 annual report overview of business we are a global company focused on leading the world in essentials for a better life, with manufacturing facilities in 36 countries and products sold in more than 175 countries. our products are sold under well-known brands such as kleenex, scott, huggies, pull-ups, kotex and depend. we have three reportable business segments: personal care, consumer tissue and k-c professional ("kcp"). these business segments are described in greater detail in item 8, note 16 to the consolidated financial statements.
•   manage our portfolio to balance growth, profit margin and cash flow,
•   invest in our brands, innovation and growth initiatives,
•   provide disciplined capital management to improve return on invested capital and return cash to shareholders.
•   net sales of $18.6 billion decreased 6 percent compared to 2014. weakening foreign currency exchanges rates significantly decreased net sales and operating profit. organic net sales increased 5 percent.
•   we executed our growth strategies in d&amp;e markets with a focus on china, eastern europe and latin america. organic net sales in d&amp;e grew 10 percent in 2015 as a result of strong growth in diapers, feminine care, adult care and baby wipes. in d&amp;e, we continue to benefit from innovation, expansion, category development and higher net selling prices.
•   in north america, we generated 5 percent volume growth in our consumer business, with increases on most brands. results benefited from innovations, promotion support, category growth and market share gains.
•   in our developed markets outside north america, organic net sales were even with prior year.
•   to help fund our investments in innovations and growth initiatives and to improve our profit margins, we are generating cost savings through several initiatives, including leveraging our global procurement organization and deploying lean principles. full-year cost savings from our ongoing force (focused on reducing costs everywhere) program in 2015 were $365.
•   in 2015, we continued to execute our 2014 organization restructuring in order to improve organization efficiency and offset the impact of stranded overhead costs resulting from the spin-off of our health care business in 2014. the restructuring is expected to be completed by the end of 2016. in 2015, savings from this initiative were $65.
•   we continued to focus on generating cash flow and allocating capital to shareholders. in 2015, cash provided by operations was $2.3 billion, and share repurchases of kimberly-clark common stock were $0.8 billion. in addition, we raised our dividend in 2015 by 5 percent, the 43rd consecutive annual increase in our dividend. altogether, share repurchases and dividends in 2015 amounted to $2.1 billion.
we are subject to risks and uncertainties, which can affect our business operations and financial results. see item 1a, "risk factors" in this form 10-k for additional information.
•   operating profit and income from continuing operations decreased 36 percent and 31 percent, respectively, compared to 2014. comparisons were negatively impacted by significant unfavorable currency effects, as well as adjusting items described elsewhere in this md&amp;a.
•   adjusted operating profit and adjusted earnings per share increased 1 percent and 5 percent, respectively, compared to 2014.
results of operations and related information this section presents a discussion and analysis of net sales, operating profit and other information relevant to an understanding of 2015 results of operations. this discussion and analysis compares 2015 results to 2014, and 2014 results to 2013. the reference to "n.m." indicates that the calculation is not meaningful.
operating profit                                               1,613               2,521               -36.0   %                   2,903               -13.2   %
share of net income from equity companies                        149                 146                +2.1   %                     205               -28.8   %
operating profit reconciliation of gaap to non-gaap operating profit includes the following adjusting items:
operating profit, gaap                        $1,613                $2,521             $2,903
adjusted operating profit                     $3,210                $3,184             $3,020
14      kimberly-clark corporation - 2015 annual report consolidated net sales and adjusted operating profit percent change   2015 vs. 2014net sales of $18.6 billion decreased 6 percent compared to 2014, as changes in foreign currency exchange rates reduced net sales more than 10 percent. organic net sales increased 5 percent, as volumes increased 4 percent and product mix was favorable by 1 percent. adjusted operating profit of $3,210 in 2015 increased 1 percent compared to $3,184 in 2014. the comparisons benefited from organic sales growth, force cost savings of $365, input cost deflation of $150 and $65 of savings from the 2014 organization restructuring. translation effects due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates lowered adjusted operating profit by $360 and foreign currency transaction effects also negatively impacted the operating profit comparisons. total marketing, research and general expenses increased on a local currency basis, driven by higher administrative costs.2014 vs. 2013net sales of $19.7 billion increased 1 percent compared to 2013. organic net sales increased 4 percent, with volumes and net selling prices each increasing net sales by 2 percent. foreign currency exchange rates were unfavorable by 2 percent and lower sales in conjunction with european strategic changes and pulp and tissue restructuring actions reduced sales by 1 percent. adjusted operating profit of $3,184 in 2014 increased 5 percent compared to $3,020 in 2013. the comparisons benefited from organic sales growth, force cost savings of $320 and $30 of savings from pulp and tissue restructuring actions. input costs were $240 higher overall versus 2013. foreign currency translation effects reduced operating profit by $75 and currency transaction effects also negatively impacted the operating profit comparison.
adjusted operating profit volume                               8                      5
(a)mix/other includes rounding other (income) & expense, net reconciliation of gaap to non-gaap other (income) & expense, net includes the following adjusting items:
15      kimberly-clark corporation - 2015 annual report provision for income taxes reconciliation of gaap to non-gaap provision for income taxes includes the following adjusting items:
uncertain tax positions adjustment             (49    )              -                   -
the increase in adjusted tax rate in 2015 is primarily due to the redemption of preferred securities in 2014.
share of net income from equity companies our share of net income of equity companies was $149 in 2015, $146 in 2014 and $205 in 2013. kimberly-clark de mexico, s.a.b. de c.v. ("kcm") results in 2015 compared to 2014 benefited from increased organic net sales, cost savings, and lower input costs, partially offset by a weaker mexican peso. results in 2014 compared to 2013 were negatively impacted by input cost increases and a weaker mexican peso, partially offset by increased sales volumes and cost savings.
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests net income attributable to noncontrolling interests decreased in 2015 as a result of the redemption of preferred securities. in 2014, adjusted net income attributable to noncontrolling interests of $87 includes an adjustment of $18, excluded from adjusted earnings per share, as a result of an adverse court ruling regarding the treatment of capital contributions in prior years to an affiliate in the middle east.
16      kimberly-clark corporation - 2015 annual report net income attributable to kimberly-clark and diluted earnings per share from continuing operations reconciliations of gaap to non-gaap net income attributable to kimberly-clark and diluted earnings per share include the following adjusting items:
uncertain tax positions adjustment                          49                     -             -
uncertain tax positions adjustment                                  0.13                   -             -
operating profit north america                           $2,180              $2,003           +8.8        %                  $1,984           +1.0        %
total operating profit                  $1,613              $2,521           -36.0       %                  $2,903           -13.2       %
(b)   other (income) and expense, net for 2015 and 2014 include charges of $40 and $421, respectively, related to the remeasurement of the venezuelan balance sheet. in addition, 2015 includes charges of $108 for the deconsolidation of our venezuelan operations and $1,358 for charges related to pension settlements and 2014 includes a charge of $35 related to a regulatory dispute in the middle east. the results for 2013 include a balance sheet remeasurement charge of $36 due to a devaluation of the venezuelan bolivar and a charge of $5 for european strategic changes.
18      kimberly-clark corporation - 2015 annual report business segments personal care year ended december 31                                                   2015 vs. 2014in 2015, net sales of $9.2 billion decreased 4 percent compared to 2014. unfavorable currency rates decreased net sales by 11 percent while sales volumes increased 5 percent and net selling prices and product mix each increased net sales by 1 percent. operating profit of $1,885 increased 5 percent. the comparison benefited from growth in organic net sales, cost savings and lower input and other manufacturing costs, partially offset by unfavorable effects from changes in currency rates and higher marketing, research and general expenses on a local currency basis.net sales in north america increased 1 percent. sales volumes increased 4 percent while net selling prices and currency decreased net sales by 2 percent and 1 percent, respectively. adult care volumes increased high-single digits with benefits from innovations, brand investments and category growth. volumes on huggies diapers rose low-single digits including benefits from innovation and increased promotion support. huggies baby wipes volumes rose mid-single digits with benefits from innovation and child care volumes were even with prior year.net sales in developing and emerging markets decreased 8 percent including a 22 percent decrease from unfavorable currency rate changes. this was partly offset by an increase in sales volumes of 8 percent which included gains in china, most of latin america, and eastern europe, and 5 percent higher net selling prices, driven by increases in eastern europe and latin america in response to weaker currency rates. net sales in developed markets outside north america decreased 10 percent. currency rates were unfavorable by 11 percent. volumes and product mix increased by 1 percent each while net selling prices decreased net sales by 1 percent.
operating profit          $1,885                         $1,803                    $1,698
operating profit volume                                                       10                         5
in 2014, net sales of $9.6 billion increased 1 percent compared to 2013. sales volumes and net selling prices each increased 3 percent. currency rates were unfavorable by 4 percent, and lower sales in conjunction with european strategic changes reduced net sales by 1 percent. operating profit of $1,803 increased 6 percent. the comparison benefited from higher net selling prices, sales volume growth and cost savings, partially offset by unfavorable effects from changes in currency rates and input cost inflation.
net sales in north america were essentially even with the prior year. slightly higher sales volumes and net selling prices were offset by unfavorable currency rates. huggies baby wipes volumes rose double-digits, including benefits from market share gains and product innovation. adult care volumes increased high-single digits, including innovation on depend and poise brands. huggies diaper volumes decreased mid-single digits and were impacted by market share declines and competitive promotional activity. child care volumes decreased mid-single digits, driven by lower pull-ups training pants volumes, partially offset by the launch of new goodnites youth pants. feminine care volumes were down slightly.
net sales in europe decreased 19 percent. lower sales in conjunction with european strategic changes reduced net sales by 20 percent and net selling prices decreased net sales by 1 percent. favorable currency rates increased net sales by 2 percent.
19      kimberly-clark corporation - 2015 annual report consumer tissue year ended december 31                                                   2015 vs. 2014in 2015, net sales of $6.1 billion decreased 8 percent compared to 2014. unfavorable currency rates reduced net sales by 9 percent. sales volumes increased net sales by 3 percent and net selling price lowered net sales by 1 percent. operating profit of $1,073 increased 1 percent compared to prior year. the comparison benefited from cost savings and higher sales volumes, mostly offset by the impact of unfavorable foreign currency rates. net sales in north america increased 2 percent. sales volumes increased by 6 percent, while net selling prices decreased net sales by 2 percent and product mix was unfavorable by 1 percent. paper towel volumes rose double-digits led by viva and bathroom tissue volumes rose high-single digits led by cottonelle. net sales in developing and emerging markets decreased 22 percent. unfavorable currency rates reduced net sales by 25 percent. net selling price increased net sales by 2 percent while volumes increased 1 percent. net sales in developed markets outside north america decreased 13 percent. unfavorable currency effects reduced net sales by 11 percent. sales volumes decreased 1 percent, mostly in western/central europe, and net selling price decreased net sales by 1 percent.
operating profit          $1,073                         $1,062                      $988
operating profit volume                                                        7                         1
in 2014, net sales of $6.6 billion were essentially even with the prior year. sales volumes and net selling prices each increased net sales by 1 percent. unfavorable currency rates decreased net sales by 1 percent, and lower sales in conjunction with european strategic changes and pulp and tissue restructuring actions reduced net sales by a combined 1 percent. operating profit of $1,062 increased 7 percent. the comparison benefited from higher net selling prices and cost savings, partially offset by input cost inflation and higher manufacturing-related costs in 2014.
net sales in europe decreased 4 percent, driven by lower sales in conjunction with european strategic changes and pulp and tissue restructuring actions which reduced net sales by a combined 6 percent. favorable currency rates increased net sales by 3 percent.
20      kimberly-clark corporation - 2015 annual report k-c professional year ended december 31                                                   2015 vs. 2014in 2015, net sales of $3.2 billion decreased 5 percent compared to 2014. unfavorable currency rate changes decreased net sales by 9 percent. sales volumes and product mix each increased net sales by 2 percent, including sales of nonwovens to halyard health, inc. in conjunction with a near-term supply agreement. operating profit of $590 decreased 2 percent. the comparison was impacted by unfavorable currency effects, mostly offset by benefits from organic net sales growth, cost savings and lower input costs.net sales in north america increased 1 percent. sales volumes increased 2 percent, primarily due to growth in wipers, while unfavorable currency effects decreased net sales by 1 percent.net sales in developing and emerging markets decreased 15 percent, including a 21 percent decrease from unfavorable changes in currency rates. volumes increased by 2 percent and the combined impact of changes in net selling prices and product mix improved net sales by 4 percent.net sales in developed markets outside north america were down 13 percent. unfavorable changes in currency rates decreased net sales by 13 percent. sales volumes increased 1 percent, while the combined impact of changes in overall net selling prices and product mix reduced net sales 1 percent.
operating profit          $590                             $604                      $605
operating profit volume                                                        3                         5
in 2014, net sales of $3.4 billion increased 2 percent compared to 2013. sales volumes increased 3 percent, and net selling prices improved by 1 percent. the impact of currency rates on net sales was unfavorable by 2 percent. operating profit of $604 was essentially even with the prior year. the comparison benefited from sales volume growth, higher net selling prices and cost savings, offset by input cost inflation and unfavorable currency effects.
net sales in kci increased 8 percent, despite unfavorable currency rates of 5 percent. sales volumes rose 7 percent, net selling prices improved net sales by 5 percent and product mix improved 1 percent. sales volumes rose in each major geography.
net sales in europe increased 3 percent. sales volumes increased 3 percent, driven by growth in washroom products. favorable currency rates and improved product mix each increased net sales by 1 percent, while lower sales in conjunction with european strategic changes and pulp and tissue restructuring actions and the impact of lower net selling prices each reduced net sales by 1 percent.
21      kimberly-clark corporation - 2015 annual report defined benefit pension plan changes effective january 2015, the u.s. pension plan was amended to include a lump-sum pension benefit payout option for certain plan participants. in addition, in april 2015, the u.s. pension plan completed the purchase of group annuity contracts that transferred to two insurance companies the pension benefit obligations totaling $2.5 billion for approximately 21,000 kimberly-clark retirees in the united states. as a result of these changes, we recognized pension settlement-related charges of $0.8 billion after tax ($1.4 billion pre-tax in other (income) and expense, net) during 2015, mostly in the second quarter. in 2015, we made cash contributions of $484 to our pension trusts, of which $410 relates to the changes in the u.s. plan.
2014 organization restructuring in october 2014, we initiated a restructuring plan in order to improve organization efficiency and offset the impact of stranded overhead costs resulting from the spin-off of our health care business. the restructuring is intended to improve our underlying profitability and increase our flexibility to invest in targeted growth initiatives, brand building and other capabilities critical to delivering future growth.
the restructuring is expected to be completed by the end of 2016, with total costs anticipated to be $130 to $160 after tax ($190 to $230 pre-tax). cash costs are projected to be approximately 80 percent of the total charges. cumulative pre-tax savings from the restructuring are expected to be $120 to $140 by the end of 2017, and were $70 by the end of 2015. the restructuring is expected to impact all of our business segments and our organizations in all major geographies.
during 2015, $63 of pre-tax charges were recognized for the organization restructuring, including $23 recorded in cost of products sold and $40 recorded in marketing, research and general expenses, primarily for workforce reductions. a related benefit of $21 was recorded in provision for income taxes. during 2014, $133 of pre-tax charges were recognized for the organization restructuring, including $40 recorded in cost of products sold and $93 recorded in marketing, research and general expenses, primarily for workforce reductions. a related benefit of $38 was recorded in provision for income taxes.
european strategic changes in 2012, we approved strategic changes related to our western and central european consumer and professional businesses to focus our resources and investments on stronger market positions and growth opportunities. we exited the diaper category in that region, with the exception of the italian market, and divested or exited some lower-margin businesses, mostly in consumer tissue, in certain markets. the changes primarily affected our consumer businesses, with a modest impact on kcp. the impacted businesses generated annual net sales of approximately $0.5 billion and negligible operating profit. as a result of the restructuring activities, compared to 2012, annual net sales in 2014 and 2013 were decreased by $500 and $350, respectively.
restructuring actions related to the strategic changes involved the sale or closure of five of our european manufacturing facilities and streamlining of our administrative organization. the restructuring actions commenced in 2012 and were completed by december 31, 2014. the restructuring resulted in cumulative pre-tax charges of $413 ($338 after tax) over that period.
for information on the charges by year, see item 8, note 4 to the consolidated financial statements.
venezuela charges effective december 31, 2015, we deconsolidated the assets and liabilities of our business in venezuela from our consolidated balance sheet and moved to the cost method of accounting for our operations in that country. the change reflects the continued deterioration of conditions in the country, including a slowdown in the availability of foreign exchange, and resulted in an after tax charge of $102 in the fourth quarter of 2015. beginning in the first quarter of 2016, we will no longer include the results of our venezuelan business in our consolidated financial statements. we also recorded nondeductible charges of $45 and $462, and pre-tax charges of $36 (after-tax of $26), related to the remeasurement of the venezuelan balance sheet in 2015, 2014 and 2013 respectively. for information on the charges by year, see item 8, note 1 to the consolidated financial statements.
22      kimberly-clark corporation - 2015 annual report unaudited quarterly data
gross profit                                                          1,626                 1,682                1,657                 1,659                1,553                 1,765                1,700                 1,665
operating profit (loss)                                                 630                   779                 (544    )              748                  158                   877                  775                   711
income (loss) from continuing operations was impacted by the $102 after tax charge ($108 pre-tax) to deconsolidate our venezuelan operations and a charge of $49 related to prior years for uncertain tax positions for certain international operations in the fourth quarter of 2015, and charges related to pension settlements of $0.8 billion after tax ($1.4 billion pre-tax) primarily in the second quarter of 2015. income (loss) from continuing operations was impacted by a nondeductible charge of $462 in the fourth quarter of 2014 for the remeasurement of the venezuelan balance sheet as of december 31, 2014.
liquidity and capital resources cash provided by operations cash provided by operations was $2.3 billion in 2015 compared to $2.8 billion in 2014. the decrease was driven by higher pension contributions in conjunction with the transfer of the pension benefit obligations to two insurance companies in the second quarter of 2015, the spin-off of the health care business in the fourth quarter of 2014 and increased operating working capital. cash provided by operations of $2.8 billion in 2014 decreased compared to $3.0 billion in 2013 due to higher tax payments and transaction costs for the health care spin-off, partially offset by lower payments for restructuring items.
unconditional purchase obligations        1,314                 698                 170                 139               144                 156                  7
•   the unconditional purchase obligations are for the purchase of raw materials, primarily superabsorbent materials, pulp and utilities. although we are primarily liable for payments on the above operating leases and unconditional purchase obligations, based on historic operating performance and forecasted future cash flows, we believe exposure to losses, if any, under these arrangements is not material.
•   we will fund our defined benefit pension plans to meet or exceed statutory requirements and currently expect to contribute up to $100 to these plans in 2016.
•   other postretirement benefit payments are estimated using actuarial assumptions, including expected future service, to project the future obligations. based upon those projections, we anticipate making annual payments for these obligations ranging from $51 in 2016 to more than $58 by 2025.
•   accrued income tax liabilities for uncertain tax positions, deferred taxes and noncontrolling interests.
•   potential estimated redemption price of $38 for the redeemable preferred securities related to our subsidiary in central america as the timing of such redemption is unknown.
investing our capital spending was $1.1 billion in 2015 and $1.0 billion in 2014. we expect capital spending to be $950 to $1,050 in 2016.
in 2015, at our election, we redeemed $200 of dealer remarketable securities.
our short-term debt, which consists of u.s. commercial paper with original maturities up to 90 days and/or other similar short-term debt issued by non-u.s. subsidiaries, was $1,071 as of december 31, 2015 (included in debt payable within one year on the consolidated balance sheet). the average month-end balance of short-term debt for the fourth quarter of 2015 was $971 and for the twelve months ended december 31, 2015 was $993. these short-term borrowings provide supplemental funding for supporting
24      kimberly-clark corporation - 2015 annual report our operations. the level of short-term debt generally fluctuates depending upon the amount of operating cash flows and the timing of customer receipts and payments for items such as pension contributions, dividends and income taxes.
we maintain a $2.0 billion revolving credit facility which expires in 2019. this facility, currently unused, supports our commercial paper program, and would provide liquidity in the event our access to the commercial paper markets is unavailable for any reason.
we paid $1.3 billion in dividends in 2015. we repurchase shares of kimberly-clark common stock from time to time pursuant to publicly announced share repurchase programs. during 2015, we repurchased 7.1 million shares of our common stock at a cost of $800 through a broker in the open market. in addition, we acquired the remaining interest in our subsidiary in israel for $151. we are targeting full-year 2016 share repurchases of $600 to $900, subject to market conditions.
management believes that our ability to generate cash from operations and our capacity to issue short-term and long-term debt are adequate to fund working capital, capital spending, payment of dividends, pension plan contributions and other needs for the foreseeable future. further, we do not expect restrictions or taxes on repatriation of cash held outside of the united states to have a material effect on our overall business, liquidity, financial condition or results of operations for the foreseeable future.
critical accounting policies and use of estimates the preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the u.s. requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of net sales and expenses during the reporting period. the critical accounting policies we used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements are those that are important both to the presentation of our financial condition and results of operations and require significant judgments by management with regard to estimates used. the critical judgments by management relate to accruals for sales incentives and trade promotion allowances, pension and other postretirement benefits, deferred income taxes and potential income tax assessments. these critical accounting policies have been reviewed with the audit committee of the board of directors.
sales incentives and trade promotion allowances trade promotion programs include introductory marketing funds such as slotting fees, cooperative marketing programs, temporary price reductions, end-of-aisle or in-store product displays and other activities conducted by our customers to promote our products. rebate and promotion accruals are based on estimates of the quantity of customer sales and the promotion accruals also consider estimates of the number of consumer coupons that will be redeemed, timing of promotional activities and forecasted costs for activities within the promotional programs. generally, the estimates for consumer coupon costs are based on historical patterns of coupon redemption, influenced by judgments about current market conditions such as competitive activity in specific product categories. our related accounting policies are discussed in item 8, note 1 to the consolidated financial statements.
employee postretirement benefits pension plans we have defined benefit pension plans in the united states and the united kingdom (the "principal plans") and/or defined contribution retirement plans covering substantially all regular employees. certain other subsidiaries have defined benefit pension plans or, in certain countries, termination pay plans covering substantially all regular employees. effective january 2015, the u.s. pension plan was amended to include a lump-sum pension benefit payout option for certain plan participants. in addition, in april 2015, the u.s. pension plan completed the purchase of group annuity contracts that transferred to two insurance companies the pension benefit obligations totaling $2.5 billion for approximately 21,000 kimberly-clark retirees in the united states. as a result of these changes, we recognized pension settlement-related charges of $0.8 billion after tax ($1.4 billion pre-tax in other (income) and expense, net) during the twelve months ended december 31, 2015, mostly in the second quarter. during 2015, we made cash contributions of $484 to our pension trusts, of which $410 relates to the changes to the u.s. plan. our related accounting policies and account balances are discussed in item 8, note 9 to the consolidated financial statements.
changes in certain assumptions could significantly affect pension expense and the benefit obligations, particularly the estimated long-term rate of return on plan assets and the discount rates used to calculate the obligations:
25      kimberly-clark corporation - 2015 annual report asset allocation. actual asset allocations are regularly reviewed and they are periodically rebalanced to the targeted allocations when considered appropriate. pension expense is determined using the fair value of assets rather than a calculated value that averages gains and losses ("calculated value") over a period of years. investment gains or losses represent the difference between the expected return calculated using the fair value of assets and the actual return based on the fair value of assets. the variance between actual and expected gains and losses on pension assets is recognized in pension expense more rapidly than it would be if a calculated value was used for plan assets.
as of december 31, 2015, the principal plans had cumulative unrecognized investment and actuarial losses of approximately $1.4 billion. these unrecognized net losses may increase future pension expense if not offset by (i) actual investment returns that exceed the assumed investment returns, (ii) other factors, including reduced pension liabilities arising from higher discount rates used to calculate pension obligations, or (iii) other actuarial gains, including whether such accumulated actuarial losses at each measurement date exceed the "corridor" as required. if the expected long-term rates of return on assets for the principal plans were lowered by 0.25 percent, the impact on annual pension expense would not be material in 2016.
•   discount rate. the discount (or settlement) rate used to determine the present value of our future u.s. pension obligation at december 31, 2015 was based on a portfolio of high quality corporate debt securities with cash flows that largely match the expected benefit payments of the plan. for the u.k. plan, the discount rate was determined based on yield curves constructed from a portfolio of high quality corporate debt securities. each year's expected future benefit payments were discounted to their present value at the appropriate yield curve rate to determine the pension obligations. if the discount rate assumptions for these same plans were reduced by 0.25 percent, the increase in annual pension expense would not be material in 2016, and the december 31, 2015 pension liability would increase by about $127.
•   other assumptions. there are a number of other assumptions involved in the calculation of pension expense and benefit obligations, primarily related to participant demographics and benefit elections.
pension expense for defined benefit pension plans is estimated to approximate $75 in 2016. pension expense beyond 2016 will depend on future investment performance, our contributions to the pension trusts, changes in discount rates and various other factors related to the covered employees in the plans.
other postretirement benefit plans substantially all u.s. retirees and employees have access to our unfunded healthcare and life insurance benefit plans. changes in significant assumptions could affect the consolidated expense and benefit obligations, particularly the discount rates used to calculate the obligations and the healthcare cost trend rate:
•   discount rate. the determination of the discount rates used to calculate the benefit obligations of the plans is discussed in the pension benefit section above, and the methodology for each country is the same as the methodology used to determine the discount rate for that country's pension obligation. if the discount rate assumptions for these plans were reduced by 0.25 percent, there would be no impact to 2016 other postretirement benefit expense and the increase in the december 31, 2015 benefit liability would not be material. the discount rates displayed for the two types of obligations for our consolidated operations may appear different due to the unique benefit payments of the plans.
our related accounting policies, account balances and the effects of a one percentage point change in the healthcare cost trend rate are discussed in item 8, note 9 to the consolidated financial statements.
deferred income taxes and potential assessments as a global organization we are subject to income tax requirements in various jurisdictions in the u.s. and internationally. changes in certain assumptions related to income taxes could significantly affect consolidated results, particularly with regard to valuation allowances on deferred tax assets, unremitted earnings of subsidiaries outside the u.s. and uncertain tax positions:
•   deferred tax assets and related valuation allowances. we have recorded deferred tax assets related to, among other matters, income tax loss carryforwards, income tax credit carryforwards and capital loss carryforwards and have established
26      kimberly-clark corporation - 2015 annual report valuation allowances against these deferred tax assets. these carryforwards are primarily in non-u.s. taxing jurisdictions and in certain states in the u.s. foreign tax credits earned in the u.s. in current and prior years, which cannot be used currently, also give rise to net deferred tax assets. in determining the valuation allowances to establish against these deferred tax assets, many factors are considered, including the specific taxing jurisdiction, the carryforward period, income tax strategies and forecasted earnings for the entities in each jurisdiction. a valuation allowance is recognized if, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax asset will not be realized.
•   unremitted earnings. as of december 31, 2015, u.s. income taxes and foreign withholding taxes have not been provided on approximately $8.8 billion of unremitted earnings of subsidiaries operating outside the u.s. these earnings are considered by management to be invested indefinitely. however, they would be subject to income tax if they were remitted as dividends, were lent to one of our u.s. entities or if we were to sell our stock in the subsidiaries. it is not practicable to determine the amount of unrecognized deferred u.s. income tax liability on these unremitted earnings. we periodically determine whether our non-u.s. subsidiaries will invest their undistributed earnings indefinitely and reassess this determination, as appropriate.
•   uncertain tax positions. we record our global tax provision based on the respective tax rules and regulations for the jurisdictions in which we operate. where we believe that a tax position is supportable for income tax purposes, the item is included in our income tax returns. where treatment of a position is uncertain, a liability is recorded based upon the expected most likely outcome taking into consideration the technical merits of the position based on specific tax regulations and facts of each matter. these liabilities may be affected by changing interpretations of laws, rulings by tax authorities or the expiration of the statute of limitations. in the fourth quarter of 2015, we updated our assessment of uncertain tax positions for certain international operations and, as a result, recorded a charge of $49 related to prior years in provision for income taxes. we currently believe that the ultimate resolution of matters subject to administrative appeals, litigation or other uncertainty, individually or in the aggregate, will not have a material effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity.
our income tax related accounting policies, account balances and matters affecting income taxes are discussed in item 8, note 14 to the consolidated financial statements.
legal matters see item 8, note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for information on legal matters.
new accounting standards see item 8, note 1 to the consolidated financial statements for a description of new accounting standards and their anticipated effects on our consolidated financial statements.
business outlook in 2016, we plan to continue to execute our global business plan strategies, which include a focus on targeted growth initiatives, innovation and brand building, cost savings programs and shareholder-friendly capital allocation. in 2016, we expect adjusted earnings per share in a range of $5.95 to $6.15. this excludes expected 2014 organization restructuring charges equivalent to $0.06 to $0.03. our adjusted earnings per share guidance is based on the assumptions described below:
•   we expect net sales to be negatively impacted by unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates of 5 to 6 percent. we also expect unfavorable foreign currency translation effects to negatively impact operating profit growth by 5 to 6 percent. currency transaction effects are also anticipated to negatively impact operating profit.
•   we anticipate the net impact of changes in commodity costs to be between deflation of $100 and $50 of inflation.
•   we anticipate that advertising spending will be similar to, or up slightly, as a percentage of net sales to support targeted growth initiatives, brand building and innovation activities.
•   our share of net income from equity companies is expected to be similar to, or up somewhat, compared to 2015.
•   we anticipate capital spending to be in a $950 to $1,050 range and share repurchases to total $600 to $900, subject to market conditions.
•   we expect to contribute up to $100 to our defined benefit pension plans and to increase our quarterly dividend mid-single digits effective april 2016, subject to approval by the board of directors.
information concerning forward-looking statements certain matters contained in this report concerning the business outlook, including the anticipated costs, scope, timing and financial and other effects of the 2014 organization restructuring, the anticipated cost savings from the company's force program, cash flow and uses of cash, growth initiatives, innovations, marketing and other spending, cost savings and reductions, net sales, anticipated currency rates and exchange risks, raw material, energy and other input costs, contingencies and anticipated transactions of kimberly-clark, including dividends, share repurchases and pension contributions, constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 and are based upon management's expectations and beliefs concerning future events impacting kimberly-clark.  there can be no assurance that these future events will occur as anticipated or that our results will be as estimated.  forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they were made, and we undertake no obligation to publicly update them.
the assumptions used as a basis for the forward-looking statements include many estimates that, among other things, depend on the achievement of future cost savings and projected volume increases. in addition, many factors outside our control, including fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, the prices and availability of our raw materials, potential competitive pressures on selling prices for our products, energy costs and retail trade customer actions, as well as general economic and political conditions globally and in the markets in which we do business, could affect the realization of these estimates.
the factors described under item 1a, "risk factors" in this form 10-k, or in our other sec filings, among others, could cause our future results to differ from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf. other factors not presently known to us or that we presently consider immaterial could also affect our business operations and financial results.