item 1a.    risk factors.
forward-looking statements we make forward-looking statements in management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations and elsewhere in this report based on the beliefs and assumptions of our management and on information currently available to us. forward-looking statements include information about our possible or assumed future results of operations, which follow under the headings "business and overview," "liquidity and capital resources," and other statements throughout this report preceded by, followed by or that include the words "believes," "expects," "anticipates," "intends," "plans," "estimates" or similar expressions.
any number of risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those we express in our forward-looking statements, including the risks and uncertainties we describe below and other factors we describe from time to time in our periodic filings with the u.s. securities and exchange commission (the "sec"). we therefore caution you not to rely unduly on any forward-looking statement. the forward-looking statements in this report speak only as of the date of this report, and we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments, or otherwise.
risks and uncertainties we are subject to various risks that could have a negative effect on us or on our financial condition. you should understand that these risks could cause results to differ materially from those we express in forward-looking statements contained in this report or in other company communications. because there is no way to determine in advance whether, or to what extent, any present uncertainty will ultimately impact our business, you should give equal weight to each of the following:
our industry is highly competitive, which may impact our ability to compete successfully with other hotel properties and home and apartment sharing services for customers. we operate in markets that contain many competitors. each of our hotel brands competes with major hotel chains, as well as home and apartment sharing services, in national and international venues and with independent companies in regional markets. our ability to remain competitive and to attract and retain business and leisure travelers depends on our success in distinguishing the quality, value, and efficiency of our lodging products and services, including our loyalty programs and consumer-facing technology platforms and services, from those offered by others. if we cannot compete successfully in these areas, our operating margins could contract, our market share could decrease, and our earnings could decline. further, new lodging supply in individual markets could have a negative impact on the hotel industry and hamper our ability to increase room rates or occupancy in those markets.
economic uncertainty could continue to impact our financial results and growth. weak economic conditions in europe and other parts of the world, the strength or continuation of recovery in countries that have experienced improved economic conditions, changes in oil prices and currency values, potential disruptions in the u.s. economy as a result of governmental action or inaction on the federal deficit, budget, and related issues, political instability in some areas, and the uncertainty over how long any of these conditions will continue, could continue to have a negative impact on the lodging industry. u.s. government travel is also a significant part of our business, and this aspect of our business may continue to suffer due to u.s. federal spending cuts and any further limitations that may result from congressional action or inaction. as a result of such current economic conditions and uncertainty, we continue to experience weakened demand for our hotel rooms in some markets. recent improvements in demand trends in other markets may not continue, and our future financial results and growth could be further harmed or constrained if the recovery stalls or conditions worsen.
risks relating to the starwood combination we will be subject to various uncertainties and contractual restrictions, including the risk of litigation, while the starwood combination is pending that could cause disruption and may make it more difficult to maintain relationships with employees, hotel owners, hotel franchisees, suppliers or customers. uncertainty about the effect of the starwood combination on employees, hotel owners, hotel franchisees, suppliers and customers may have an adverse effect on our business. although we intend to take steps designed to reduce any adverse effects, these uncertainties could impair our ability to attract, retain and motivate key personnel until the starwood combination is completed and for a period of time after that, and could cause customers, suppliers and others that deal with us to seek to change our existing business relationships.
the pursuit of the starwood combination and the preparation for the integration may place a significant burden on our management and internal resources. the diversion of management's attention away from day-to-day business concerns and any difficulties encountered in the transition and integration process could adversely affect our financial results.
in addition, the merger agreement restricts each company, without the other's consent, from making certain acquisitions and taking other specified actions until the starwood combination closes or the merger agreement terminates. these restrictions could prevent us from pursuing otherwise attractive business opportunities and making other changes to our business before completion of the starwood combination or termination of the merger agreement.
a number of lawsuits challenging the starwood combination were filed on behalf of purported shareholders of starwood, naming various combinations of starwood's directors, starwood, marriott, and others, as defendants. although marriott was dismissed from these lawsuits, an adverse ruling in any pending or future actions may prevent or delay the starwood combination from being completed. starwood's board of directors has also received demand letters from purported shareholders alleging that starwood's board of directors breached its fiduciary duties in connection with its approval of the starwood combination and demanding that starwood's board of directors conduct an investigation and take other actions. similar lawsuits could be filed and similar demand letters could in the future be received by starwood, marriott, and their respective boards of directors. one of the conditions to the closing of the starwood combination is the absence of any judgment, order, law or other legal restraint by a court or other governmental entity of competent jurisdiction that prevents the consummation of the starwood combination. accordingly, if any of the plaintiffs is successful in obtaining an injunction prohibiting the consummation of the starwood combination, then such injunction could prevent the starwood combination from becoming effective, or delay its becoming effective within the expected time frame.
•   having had our management focus on the starwood combination instead of on pursuing other opportunities that could have been beneficial to us.
our ability to complete the starwood combination is subject to certain closing conditions and the receipt of consents and approvals from government entities which may impose conditions that could adversely affect us or cause the starwood combination to be abandoned. the merger agreement contains certain closing conditions, including, among others:
•   the approval by the holders of a majority of all outstanding shares of starwood common stock of the transactions;
•   the approval by the holders of a majority of the votes cast at the special meeting of marriott shareholders in favor of the proposal to issue shares of marriott common stock to starwood shareholders;
•   the absence of any judgment, order, law or other legal restraint by a court or other governmental entity of competent jurisdiction that prevents the consummation of the starwood combination;
•   the spin-off of starwood's vistana vacation ownership business ("vistana"), or, if the spin-off of vistana and vistana's subsequent merger with a wholly owned subsidiary of interval leisure group, inc. is not consummated, the completion of another spin-off, split-off or analogous distribution of vistana or the sale of vistana by starwood.
we cannot assure you that the various closing conditions will be satisfied, or that any required conditions will not materially adversely affect the combined company after the starwood combination closes, or will not result in the abandonment or delay of the starwood combination. for instance, the consummation of the disposition of starwood's vistana business may be delayed or not occur, which could cause the starwood combination to be delayed or abandoned.
in addition, before the starwood combination may be completed, various approvals and declarations of non-objection must be obtained from certain regulatory and governmental authorities, including the expiration or termination of the applicable waiting period under the hart-scott rodino antitrust improvements act and receipt of consents and approvals from the
european commission and various other governmental entities. these regulatory and governmental entities could impose conditions on the granting of such approvals. such conditions and the process of obtaining regulatory approvals could have the effect of delaying closing of the starwood combination or of imposing additional costs or limitations on the combined company following the closing. the regulatory approvals may not be received at all, may not be received in a timely fashion, or may contain conditions. in addition, starwood's and marriott's respective obligations to complete the starwood combination are conditioned on the receipt of certain regulatory approvals or waiver by the other party of such condition.
any delay in completing the starwood combination could reduce or eliminate the benefits that we expect to achieve. as discussed above, the starwood combination is subject to a number of conditions beyond starwood's and our control that could prevent, delay or otherwise materially adversely affect the completion of the combination. we cannot predict whether and when these conditions will be satisfied. any delay in completing the starwood combination could cause the combined company not to realize some or all of the synergies that we expect to achieve if the starwood combination is successfully completed within the expected time frame.
the combined company may not be able to integrate successfully and many of the anticipated benefits of combining starwood and marriott may not be realized. we entered into the merger agreement with the expectation that the starwood combination will result in various benefits, including, among other things, operating efficiencies. achieving those anticipated benefits is subject to a number of uncertainties, including whether we can integrate the business of starwood in an efficient and effective manner.
the integration process could also take longer than we anticipate and could result in the loss of valuable employees, the disruption of each company's ongoing businesses, processes and systems or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures, practices, policies and compensation arrangements, any of which could adversely affect the combined company's ability to achieve the benefits we anticipate. the combined company's resulting portfolio of approximately 30 brands could be challenging for us to maintain and grow, and the harmonization of our different reservations and other systems and business practices could be more difficult, disruptive, and time consuming than we anticipate. the combined company's results of operations could also be adversely affected by any issues attributable to either company's operations that arise or are based on events or actions that occur before the starwood combination closes. the combined company may also have difficulty addressing possible differences in corporate cultures and management philosophies. the integration process is subject to a number of uncertainties, and we cannot assure you that the benefits we anticipate will be realized at all or as quickly as we expect. if we don't achieve those benefits, our costs could increase, our expected net income could decrease, and the combined company's future business, financial condition, operating results and prospects could suffer.
we will incur substantial transaction costs in connection with the starwood combination. we expect to incur a number of non-recurring expenses both before and after completing the starwood combination, including in obtaining necessary consents and approvals and combining the operations of the two companies. these fees and costs will be substantial. we may also incur unanticipated costs in the integration of the businesses of starwood and marriott. although we expect that the elimination of certain duplicative costs, as well as the realization of other efficiencies related to the integration of the two businesses, will offset the incremental transaction-related costs over time, this net benefit may not be achieved in the near term, or at all. further, if the starwood combination is not completed, we would have to recognize certain of these expenses without realizing the expected benefits of the combination.
our shareholders will be diluted by the starwood combination. the starwood combination will dilute the ownership position of our current shareholders. we currently estimate that, upon completion of the combination, our shareholders before the merger will own approximately 61% and former starwood shareholders will own approximately 39% of the combined company's outstanding common stock. because of this, our current shareholders may have less influence on the management and policies of the combined company than they now have on us.
our future results will suffer if we do not effectively manage our expanded operations following the completion of the starwood combination. following the completion of the starwood combination, the size of the business of the combined company will increase significantly beyond the current size of our business. our future success depends, in part, upon our ability to manage this expanded business, which will pose substantial challenges for management, including challenges related to the management and monitoring of new operations and associated increased costs and complexity. we cannot assure you that we will be successful or that we will realize the expected operating efficiencies, cost savings and other benefits from the combination that we currently anticipate.
the combined company may not be able to retain marriott and/or starwood personnel successfully after the starwood combination is completed. the success of the starwood combination will depend in part on the combined company's ability to retain the talents and dedication of key employees that marriott and starwood currently employ. it is possible that these employees may decide not to remain with marriott or starwood, as applicable, while the starwood combination is pending or
with the combined company after the combination is consummated. if key employees terminate their employment, or if the combined company cannot maintain a sufficient number of employees to maintain effective operations, the combined company's business activities could be adversely affected and management's attention could be diverted from successfully integrating starwood to hiring suitable replacements, all of which may cause the combined company's business to suffer. in addition, we may not be able to locate suitable replacements for any key employees who leave either company, or offer employment to potential replacements on reasonable terms.
risks relating to our business operational risks premature termination of our management or franchise agreements could hurt our financial performance. our hotel management and franchise agreements may be subject to premature termination in certain circumstances, such as the bankruptcy of a hotel owner or franchisee, or a failure under some agreements to meet specified financial or performance criteria that are subject to the risks described in this section, which we fail or elect not to cure. in addition, some courts have applied principles of agency law and related fiduciary standards to managers of third-party hotel properties, including us (or have interpreted hotel management agreements as "personal services contracts"). this means, among other things, that property owners may assert the right to terminate management agreements even where the agreements provide otherwise, and some courts have upheld such assertions about our management agreements and may do so in the future. in addition, some management and franchise agreements may be terminated, or property owners may attempt to terminate such agreements, in connection with the starwood combination. if terminations occur for these or other reasons, we may need to enforce our right to damages for breach of contract and related claims, which may cause us to incur significant legal fees and expenses. any damages we ultimately collect could be less than the projected future value of the fees and other amounts we would have otherwise collected under the management agreement. a significant loss of agreements due to premature terminations could hurt our financial performance or our ability to grow our business.
our lodging operations are subject to global, regional, and national conditions. because we conduct our business on a global platform, changes in global and regional economies impact our activities. in recent years, decreases in travel resulting from weak economic conditions and the heightened travel security measures that have resulted from the threat of further terrorism have hurt our business. our future performance could be similarly affected by the economic environment in each of our operating regions, the resulting unknown pace of business travel, and any future incidents in those regions.
the growing significance of our operations outside of the united states, particularly following the starwood combination, makes us increasingly susceptible to the risks of doing business internationally, which could lower our revenues, increase our costs, reduce our profits, disrupt our business, or damage our reputation. we currently operate or franchise hotels and resorts in 87 countries, and our operations outside the united states represented approximately 19 percent of our revenues in 2015. in addition, starwood reported that as of september 30, 2015 it operated or franchised hotels and resorts in approximately 100 countries, and its operations outside the united states (including operations associated with starwood's vistana vacation ownership business which it is to spin off prior to our combination) represented a majority of starwood's revenues in both 2014 and the nine months ending september 30, 2015. we expect that our international revenues will continue to grow, particularly following the starwood combination. as a result, we are increasingly exposed to the challenges and risks of doing business outside the united states, many of which are outside of our control, and which could reduce our revenues or profits, increase our costs, result in significant liabilities or sanctions, otherwise disrupt our business, or damage our reputation. these challenges include: (1) compliance with complex and changing laws, regulations and government policies that may impact our operations, such as foreign ownership restrictions, import and export controls, and trade restrictions; (2) compliance with u.s. and foreign laws that affect the activities of companies abroad, such as competition laws, currency regulations, and other laws affecting dealings with certain nations; (3) limitations on our ability to repatriate non-u.s. earnings in a tax effective manner; (4) the difficulties involved in managing an organization doing business in many different countries; (5) uncertainties as to the enforceability of contract and intellectual property rights under local laws; (6) rapid changes in government policy, political or civil unrest in the middle east and elsewhere, acts of terrorism, or the threat of international boycotts or u.s. anti-boycott legislation; and (7) currency exchange rate fluctuations, which may impact the results and cash flows of our international operations.
any failure by our international operations to comply with anti-corruption laws or trade sanctions could increase our costs, reduce our profits, limit our growth, harm our reputation, or subject us to broader liability. we are subject to restrictions imposed by the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and anti-corruption laws and regulations of other countries applicable to our operations, such as the uk bribery act. anti-corruption laws and regulations generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to government officials or other persons in order to receive or retain business. the compliance programs, internal controls and policies we maintain and enforce to promote compliance with applicable anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws may not prevent our associates, contractors or agents from acting in ways prohibited by these
laws and regulations. we are also subject to trade sanctions administered by the office of foreign assets control and the u.s. department of commerce. our compliance programs and internal controls also may not prevent conduct that is prohibited under these rules. the united states may impose additional sanctions at any time against any country in which or with whom we do business. depending on the nature of the sanctions imposed, our operations in the relevant country could be restricted or otherwise adversely affected. any violations of anti-corruption laws and regulations or trade sanctions could result in significant civil and criminal penalties, reduce our profits, disrupt our business or damage our reputation. in addition, an imposition of further restrictions in these areas could increase our cost of operations, reduce our profits or cause us to forgo development opportunities that would otherwise support growth.
exchange rate fluctuations and foreign exchange hedging arrangements could result in significant foreign currency gains and losses and affect our business results. we earn revenues and incur expenses in foreign currencies as part of our operations outside of the united states. accordingly, fluctuations in currency exchange rates may significantly increase the amount of u.s. dollars required for foreign currency expenses or significantly decrease the u.s. dollars we receive from foreign currency revenues. we are also exposed to currency translation risk because the results of our business outside of the u.s. are generally reported in local currency, which we then translate to u.s. dollars for inclusion in our consolidated financial statements. as a result, changes between the foreign exchange rates and the u.s. dollar affect the amounts we record for our foreign assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and could have a negative effect on our financial results. we expect that our exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations will grow as the relative contribution of our non-u.s. operations increases. our efforts to mitigate some of our foreign currency exposure by entering into foreign exchange hedging agreements with financial institutions to reduce exposures to some of the principal currencies in which we receive management and franchise fees may not be successful. in this regard, these hedging agreements do not cover all currencies in which we do business, do not eliminate foreign currency risk entirely for the currencies that they do cover, and involve costs and risks of their own in the form of transaction costs, credit requirements and counterparty risk.
some of our management agreements and related contracts require us to make payments to owners if the hotels do not achieve specified levels of operating profit. some of our contracts with hotel owners require that we fund shortfalls if the hotels do not attain specified levels of operating profit. we may not be able to recover any fundings of such performance guarantees, which could lower our profits and reduce our cash flows.
our new programs and new branded products may not be successful. we cannot assure you that recently launched, newly acquired, or recently announced brands, such as edition, ac hotels by marriott in the americas, protea hotels, moxy hotels, and delta hotels and resorts, and those expected to be acquired as a result of the starwood combination, or any other new programs or products we may launch in the future will be accepted by hotel owners, potential franchisees, or the traveling public or other customers. we also cannot be certain that we will recover the costs we incurred in developing or acquiring the brands or any new programs or products, or that the brands or any new programs or products will be successful. in addition, some of our new brands involve or may involve cooperation and/or consultation with one or more third parties, including some shared control over product design and development, sales and marketing, and brand standards. disagreements with these third parties could slow the development of these new brands and/or impair our ability to take actions we believe to be advisable for the success and profitability of such brands.
risks relating to natural or man-made disasters, contagious disease, terrorist activity, and war could reduce the demand for lodging, which may adversely affect our revenues. so called "acts of god," such as hurricanes, earthquakes, tsunamis, and other natural disasters, such as hurricane sandy in the northeastern united states, the earthquake and tsunami in japan, and man-made disasters in recent years as well as the potential spread of contagious diseases such as mers (middle east respiratory syndrome), zika virus, and ebola in locations where we own, manage, or franchise significant properties and areas of the world from which we draw a large number of customers, could cause a decline in business or leisure travel and reduce demand for lodging. actual or threatened war, terrorist activity, political unrest, or civil strife, such as recent events in ukraine and russia, the middle east, and other geopolitical uncertainty could have a similar effect. any one or more of these events may reduce the overall demand for hotel rooms and corporate apartments or limit the prices that we can obtain for them, both of which could adversely affect our profits.
disagreements with owners of hotels that we manage or franchise may result in litigation or may delay implementation of product or service initiatives. consistent with our focus on management and franchising, we own very few of our lodging properties. the nature of our responsibilities under our management agreements to manage each hotel and enforce the standards required for our brands under both management and franchise agreements may be subject to interpretation and will from time to time give rise to disagreements, which may include disagreements over the need for or payment for new product or service initiatives and the timing and amount of capital investments. such disagreements may be more likely when hotel returns are weaker. we seek to resolve any disagreements in order to develop and maintain positive relations with current and potential hotel owners and joint venture partners, but we are not always able to do so. failure to resolve such disagreements has resulted in litigation, and could do so in the future. if any such litigation results in a significant adverse judgment, settlement, or court
order, we could suffer significant losses, our profits could be reduced, or our future ability to operate our business could be constrained.
our business depends on the quality and reputation of our brands, and any deterioration in the quality or reputation of these brands could have an adverse impact on our market share, reputation, business, financial condition, or results of operations. events that may be beyond our control could affect the reputation of one or more of our properties or more generally impact the reputation of our brands. if the reputation or perceived quality of our brands declines, our market share, reputation, business, financial condition, or results of operations could be affected.
actions by our franchisees and licensees could adversely affect our image and reputation. we franchise and license many of our brand names and trademarks to third parties in connection with lodging, timeshare, residential services, and our credit card programs. under the terms of their agreements with us, our franchisees and licensees interact directly with customers and other third parties under our brand and trade names. if these franchisees or licensees fail to maintain or act in accordance with applicable brand standards; experience operational problems, including any data breach involving customer information; or project a brand image inconsistent with ours, our image and reputation could suffer. although our franchise and license agreements provide us with recourse and remedies in the event of a breach by the franchisee or licensee, including termination of the agreements under certain circumstances, pursuing any such recourse, remedy, or termination could be expensive and time consuming. in addition, we cannot assure you that a court would ultimately enforce our contractual termination rights in every instance.
damage to, or losses involving, properties that we own, manage, or franchise may not be covered by insurance. we have comprehensive property and liability insurance policies for our managed, leased, and owned properties with coverage features and insured limits that we believe are customary, and require our franchisees to maintain similar levels of insurance. market forces beyond our control may nonetheless limit the scope of the insurance coverage we or our franchisees can obtain, or our or their ability to obtain coverage at reasonable rates. certain types of losses, generally of a catastrophic nature, such as earthquakes, hurricanes and floods, or terrorist acts, or liabilities that result from breaches in the security of our information systems, may be uninsurable or too expensive to justify obtaining insurance. as a result, we and our franchisees may not be successful in obtaining insurance without increases in cost or decreases in coverage levels. in addition, in the event of a substantial loss, the insurance coverage we or our franchisees carry may not be sufficient to pay the full market value or replacement cost of any lost investment or in some cases could result in certain losses being totally uninsured. as a result, we could lose some or all of any capital that we have invested in a property, as well as the anticipated future revenue from the property, and we could remain obligated for guarantees, debt, or other financial obligations for the property.
development and financing risks while we are predominantly a manager and franchisor of hotel properties, our hotel owners depend on capital to buy, develop, and improve hotels, and our hotel owners may be unable to access capital when necessary. in order to fund new hotel investments, as well as refurbish and improve existing hotels, both we and current and potential hotel owners must periodically spend money. the availability of funds for new investments and improvement of existing hotels by our current and potential hotel owners depends in large measure on capital markets and liquidity factors, over which we can exert little control. the difficulty of obtaining financing on attractive terms may be constrained by the capital markets for hotel and real estate investments. in addition, owners of existing hotels that we franchise or manage may have difficulty meeting required debt service payments or refinancing loans at maturity.
our growth strategy depends upon third-party owners/operators, and future arrangements with these third parties may be less favorable. our growth strategy for development of additional lodging facilities entails entering into and maintaining various arrangements with property owners. the terms of our management agreements, franchise agreements, and leases for each of our lodging facilities are influenced by contract terms offered by our competitors, among other things. we cannot assure you that any of our current arrangements will continue or that we will be able to enter into future collaborations, renew agreements, or enter into new agreements in the future on terms that are as favorable to us as those that exist today.
our ability to grow our management and franchise systems is subject to the range of risks associated with real estate investments. our ability to sustain continued growth through management or franchise agreements for new hotels and the conversion of existing facilities to managed or franchised marriott brands is affected, and may potentially be limited, by a variety of factors influencing real estate development generally. these include site availability, financing, planning, zoning and other local approvals, and other limitations that may be imposed by market and submarket factors, such as projected room occupancy, changes in growth in demand compared to projected supply, territorial restrictions in our management and franchise agreements, costs of construction, and anticipated room rate structure.
our development activities expose us to project cost, completion, and resale risks. we develop new hotel and residential properties, both directly and through partnerships, joint ventures, and other business structures with third parties. as
demonstrated by the impairment charges that we recorded in 2015 and 2014 in connection with our development and construction of three edition hotels and residences, our ongoing involvement in the development of properties presents a number of risks, including that: (1) continued weakness in the capital markets may limit our ability, or that of third parties with whom we do business, to raise capital for completion of projects that have commenced or for development of future properties; (2) properties that we develop could become less attractive due to decreases in demand for hotel and residential properties, market absorption or oversupply, with the result that we may not be able to sell such properties for a profit or at the prices or selling pace we anticipate, potentially requiring additional changes in our pricing strategy that could result in further charges; (3) construction delays, cost overruns, lender financial defaults, or so called "acts of god" such as earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, or fires may increase overall project costs or result in project cancellations; and (4) we may be unable to recover development costs we incur for any projects that we do not pursue to completion.
development activities that involve our co-investment with third parties may result in disputes that could increase project costs, impair project operations, or increase project completion risks. partnerships, joint ventures, and other business structures involving our co-investment with third parties generally include some form of shared control over the operations of the business and create added risks, including the possibility that other investors in such ventures could become bankrupt or otherwise lack the financial resources to meet their obligations, or could have or develop business interests, policies, or objectives that are inconsistent with ours. although we actively seek to minimize such risks before investing in partnerships, joint ventures, or similar structures, actions by another investor may present additional risks of project delay, increased project costs, or operational difficulties following project completion. such disputes may also be more likely in difficult business environments.
risks associated with development and sale of residential properties associated with our lodging properties or brands may reduce our profits. in certain hotel and timeshare projects we participate, directly or through noncontrolling interests and/or licensing agreements, in the development and sale of residential properties associated with our brands, including residences and condominiums under our the ritz-carlton, edition, jw marriott, autograph collection, and marriott brand names and trademarks. such projects pose further risks beyond those generally associated with our lodging business, which may reduce our profits or compromise our brand equity, including the following: (1) weakness in residential real estate and demand generally may reduce our profits and could make it more difficult to convince future hotel development partners of the value added by our brands; (2) increases in interest rates, reductions in mortgage availability, or increases in the costs of residential ownership could prevent potential customers from buying residential products or reduce the prices they are willing to pay; and (3) residential construction may be subject to warranty and liability claims, and the costs of resolving such claims may be significant.
some hotel openings in our existing development pipeline and approved projects may be delayed or not result in new hotels, which could adversely affect our growth prospects. we report a significant number of hotels in our development pipeline, including hotels under construction and under signed contracts, as well as hotels approved for development but not yet under signed contracts. the eventual opening of such pipeline hotels and, in particular, the hotels approved for development that are not yet under contract, is subject to numerous risks, including in some cases the owner's or developer's ability to obtain adequate financing or governmental or regulatory approvals. accordingly, we cannot assure you that our development pipeline, and in particular hotels not yet under contract, will result in new hotels that enter our system, or that those hotels will open when we anticipate.
if we incur losses on loans or loan guarantees that we have made to third parties, our profits could decline. at times, we make loans for hotel development or renovation expenditures in connection with entering into or amending management or franchise agreements. from time to time we also provide third-party lenders financial guarantees for the timely repayment of all or a portion of debt related to hotels that we manage or franchise, generally subject to an obligation that the owner reimburse us for any fundings. we could suffer losses if hotel owners or franchisees default on loans that we provide or fail to reimburse us for loan guarantees that we have funded.
if owners of hotels that we manage or franchise cannot repay or refinance mortgage loans secured by their properties, our revenues and profits could decrease and our business could be harmed. the owners of many of our managed or franchised properties have pledged their hotels as collateral for mortgage loans that they entered into when those properties were purchased or refinanced. if those owners cannot repay or refinance maturing indebtedness on favorable terms or at all, the lenders could declare a default, accelerate the related debt, and repossess the property. such sales or repossessions could, in some cases, result in the termination of our management or franchise agreements and eliminate our anticipated income and cash flows, which could negatively affect our results of operations.
planned transactions we announce may be delayed, not occur at all, or involve unanticipated costs. from time to time we announce transactions that we expect will close at a future date, such as our anticipated acquisition of starwood hotels &
resorts. if the conditions to consummating these transactions are neither satisfied nor waived by the time we expect, the closings could be delayed or not occur at all.
technology, information protection, and privacy risks a failure to keep pace with developments in technology could impair our operations or competitive position. the lodging industry continues to demand the use of sophisticated technology and systems, including those used for our reservation, revenue management, and property management systems, our marriott rewards and the ritz-carlton rewards programs, and technologies we make available to our guests. these technologies and systems must be refined, updated, and/or replaced with more advanced systems on a regular basis, and if we cannot do so as quickly as our competitors or within budgeted costs and time frames, our business could suffer. we also may not achieve the benefits that we anticipate from any new technology or system, and a failure to do so could result in higher than anticipated costs or could impair our operating results.
an increase in the use of third-party internet services to book online hotel reservations could adversely impact our business. some of our hotel rooms are booked through internet travel intermediaries such as expedia.com®, priceline.com®, booking.comtm, travelocity.com®, and orbitz.com®, as well as lesser-known online travel service providers. these intermediaries initially focused on leisure travel, but now also provide offerings for corporate travel and group meetings. although marriott's look no further® best rate guarantee has helped prevent customer preference shift to the intermediaries and greatly reduced the ability of intermediaries to undercut the published rates at our hotels, intermediaries continue to use a variety of aggressive online marketing methods to attract customers, including the purchase, by certain companies, of trademarked online keywords such as "marriott" from internet search engines such as google®, bing®, yahoo®, and baidu® to steer customers toward their websites (a practice that has been challenged by various trademark owners in federal court). although marriott has successfully limited these practices through contracts with key online intermediaries, the number of intermediaries and related companies that drive traffic to intermediaries' websites is too large to permit us to eliminate this risk entirely. our business and profitability could be harmed if online intermediaries succeed in significantly shifting loyalties from our lodging brands to their travel services, diverting bookings away from marriott.com, or through their fees increasing the overall cost of internet bookings for our hotels. in addition, if we fail to reach satisfactory agreements with intermediaries as our contracts with them come up for periodic renewal, our hotels might no longer appear on their websites and we could lose business as a result.
we are exposed to risks and costs associated with protecting the integrity and security of internal and customer data. our businesses process, use, and transmit large volumes of internal employee and customer data, including credit card numbers and other personal information in various information systems that we maintain and in those maintained by third parties, including our owners, franchisees and licensees, as well as our service providers, in areas such as human resources outsourcing, website hosting, and various forms of electronic communications. the integrity and protection of that customer, employee, and company data is critical to our business. if that data is inaccurate or incomplete, we could make faulty decisions.
our customers and employees also have a high expectation that we, as well as our owners, franchisees, licensees, and service providers, will adequately protect their personal information. the information, security, and privacy requirements imposed by governmental regulation and the requirements of the payment card industry are also increasingly demanding, in both the united states and other jurisdictions where we operate. our systems and the systems maintained or used by our owners, franchisees, licensees, and service providers may not be able to satisfy these changing requirements and employee and customer expectations, or may require significant additional investments or time in order to do so.
cyber-attacks could have a disruptive effect on our business. efforts to hack or breach security measures, failures of systems or software to operate as designed or intended, viruses, operator error, or inadvertent releases of data may materially impact our, including our owners', franchisees', licensees', or service providers', information systems and records. our reliance on computer, internet-based and mobile systems and communications and the frequency and sophistication of efforts by hackers to gain unauthorized access to such systems have increased significantly in recent years. a significant theft, loss, or fraudulent use of customer, employee, or company data could adversely impact our reputation and could result in remedial and other expenses, fines, or litigation. breaches in the security of our information systems or those of our owners, franchisees, licensees, or service providers or other disruptions in data services could lead to an interruption in the operation of our systems, resulting in operational inefficiencies and a loss of profits. in addition, although we carry cyber/privacy liability insurance that is designed to protect us against certain losses related to cyber risks, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses or all types of claims that may arise in connection with cyber-attacks, security breaches, and other related breaches.
changes in privacy law could increase our operating costs and adversely affect our ability to market our products effectively. we are subject to numerous laws, regulations, and contractual obligations designed to protect personal information, including foreign data protection laws, various u.s. federal and state laws, and credit card industry security standards and other
applicable information privacy and security standards. compliance with changes in applicable privacy regulations may increase our operating costs.
additionally, we rely on a variety of direct marketing techniques, including email marketing, online advertising, and postal mailings. any further restrictions in laws such as the canspam act, and various u.s. state laws, or new federal laws on marketing and solicitation or international data protection laws that govern these activities could adversely affect the continuing effectiveness of email, online advertising, and postal mailing techniques and could force further changes in our marketing strategy. if this occurs, we may not be able to develop adequate alternative marketing strategies, which could impact the amount and timing of our sales of certain products. we also obtain access to potential customers from travel service providers or other companies with whom we have substantial relationships and market to some individuals on these lists directly or by including our marketing message in the other company's marketing materials. if access to these lists was prohibited or otherwise restricted, our ability to develop new customers and introduce them to our products could be impaired.
any disruption in the functioning of our reservation system, such as in connection with the starwood combination, could adversely affect our performance and results. we manage a global reservation system that communicates reservations to our branded hotels that individuals make directly with us online, through our mobile app, or through our telephone call centers, or through intermediaries like travel agents, internet travel web sites and other distribution channels. the cost, speed, accuracy and efficiency of our reservation system are critical aspects of our business and are important considerations for hotel owners when choosing our brands. our business may suffer if we fail to maintain, upgrade, or prevent disruption to our reservation system. in addition, the risk of disruption in the functioning of our global reservation system could increase in connection with the system integration that we anticipate undertaking following consummation of the starwood combination. disruptions in or changes to our reservation system could result in a disruption to our business and the loss of important data.
other risks changes in laws and regulations could reduce our profits or increase our costs. we are subject to a wide variety of laws, regulations, and policies in jurisdictions around the world, including those for financial reporting, taxes, healthcare, and the environment. changes to these laws, regulations, or policies, including those associated with health care, tax or financial reforms, could reduce our profits. we also anticipate that many of the jurisdictions where we do business will continue to review taxes and other revenue raising measures, and any resulting changes could impose new restrictions, costs, or prohibitions on our current practices or reduce our profits. in particular, governments may revise tax laws, regulations, or official interpretations in ways that could significantly impact us, including modifications that could reduce the profits that we can effectively realize from our non-u.s. operations, or that could require costly changes to those operations, or the way in which they are structured. for example, most u.s. company effective tax rates reflect the fact that income earned and reinvested outside the united states is generally taxed at local rates, which are often much lower than u.s. tax rates. if changes in tax laws, regulations, or interpretations significantly increase the tax rates on non-u.s. income, our effective tax rate could increase and our profits could be reduced. if such increases resulted from our status as a u.s. company, those changes could place us at a disadvantage to our non-u.s. competitors if those competitors remain subject to lower local tax rates.
if we cannot attract and retain talented associates, our business could suffer. we compete with other companies both within and outside of our industry for talented personnel. if we cannot recruit, train, develop, and retain sufficient numbers of talented associates, we could experience increased associate turnover, decreased guest satisfaction, low morale, inefficiency, or internal control failures. insufficient numbers of talented associates could also limit our ability to grow and expand our businesses. any shortage of skilled labor could also require higher wages that would increase our labor costs, which could reduce our profits.
delaware law and our governing corporate documents contain, and our board of directors could implement, anti-takeover provisions that could deter takeover attempts. under the delaware business combination statute, a shareholder holding 15 percent or more of our outstanding voting stock could not acquire us without board of director consent for at least three years after the date the shareholder first held 15 percent or more of the voting stock. our governing corporate documents also, among other things, require supermajority votes for mergers and similar transactions. in addition, our board of directors could, without shareholder approval, implement other anti-takeover defenses, such as a shareholder rights plan.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
business and overview overview we are a worldwide operator, franchisor, and licensor of hotels and timeshare properties in 87 countries and territories under 19 brand names. we also develop, operate, and market residential properties and provide services to home/condominium owner associations. under our business model, we typically manage or franchise hotels, rather than own them. we group our operations into three business segments: north american full-service, north american limited-service, and international.
we earn base management fees and in many cases incentive management fees from the properties that we manage, and we earn franchise fees on the properties that others operate under franchise agreements with us. base fees typically consist of a percentage of property-level revenue while incentive fees typically consist of a percentage of net house profit adjusted for a specified owner return. net house profit is calculated as gross operating profit (house profit) less non-controllable expenses such as insurance, real estate taxes, and capital spending reserves.
our emphasis on long-term management contracts and franchising tends to provide more stable earnings in periods of economic softness, while adding new hotels to our system generates growth, typically with little or no investment by the company. this strategy has driven substantial growth while minimizing financial leverage and risk in a cyclical industry. in addition, we believe minimizing our capital investments and adopting a strategy of recycling the investments that we do make maximizes and maintains our financial flexibility.
we remain focused on doing the things that we do well; that is, selling rooms, taking care of our guests, and making sure we control costs both at company-operated properties and at the corporate level ("above-property"). our brands remain strong as a result of skilled management teams, dedicated associates, superior customer service with an emphasis on guest and associate satisfaction, significant distribution, our marriott rewards and the ritz-carlton rewards loyalty programs, a multichannel reservations system, and desirable property amenities. we strive to effectively leverage our size and broad distribution.
we, along with owners and franchisees, continue to invest in our brands by means of new, refreshed, and reinvented properties, new room and public space designs, and enhanced amenities and technology offerings. we address, through various means, hotels in our system that do not meet standards. we continue to enhance the appeal of our proprietary, information-rich, and easy-to-use website, marriott.com, and of our associated mobile smartphone applications and mobile website that connect to marriott.com, through functionality and service improvements, and we expect to continue capturing an increasing proportion of property-level reservations via this cost-efficient channel.
our profitability, as well as that of owners and franchisees, has benefited from our approach to property-level and above-property productivity. properties in our system continue to maintain very tight cost controls. we also control above-property costs, some of which we allocate to hotels, by remaining focused on systems, processing, and support areas.
pending combination with starwood hotels & resorts worldwide, inc.
on november 15, 2015, we entered into an agreement and plan of merger (the "merger agreement") to combine with starwood hotels & resorts worldwide, inc. ("starwood"). the merger agreement provides for the company to combine with starwood in a series of transactions after which starwood will be an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of the company (the "starwood combination"). if these transactions are completed, shareholders of starwood will receive 0.920 shares of our class a common stock, par value $0.01 per share, and $2.00 in cash, without interest, for each share of starwood common stock, par value $0.01 per share, that they own immediately before these transactions. we expect that the combination will close in mid-2016, after customary conditions are satisfied, including shareholder approvals, required antitrust approvals, and the completion of starwood's previously announced spin-off of its vacation ownership business, or another spin-off, split-off, analogous disposition, or sale of its vacation ownership business.
performance measures we believe revenue per available room ("revpar"), which we calculate by dividing room sales for comparable properties by room nights available for the period, is a meaningful indicator of our performance because it measures the period-over-period change in room revenues for comparable properties. revpar may not be comparable to similarly titled measures, such as revenues. we also believe occupancy and average daily rate ("adr"), which are components of calculating revpar, are meaningful indicators of our performance. occupancy, which we calculate by dividing occupied rooms by total rooms available, measures the utilization of a property's available capacity. adr, which we calculate by dividing property room revenue by total rooms sold, measures average room price and is useful in assessing pricing levels.
we define our comparable properties as those that were open and operating under one of our brands since the beginning of the last full calendar year (since january 1, 2014 for the current period), and have not, in either the current or previous year: (i) undergone significant room or public space renovations or expansions, (ii) been converted between company-operated and franchised, or (iii) sustained substantial property damage or business interruption. comparable properties represented the following percentages of our properties for each year indicated: (1) 86% of north american properties (87% excluding delta hotels and resorts) in 2015, 87% in 2014, and 89% in 2013; (2) 57% of international properties (68% excluding protea hotels) in 2015, 57% (71% excluding protea hotels) in 2014, and 75% in 2013; and (3) 82% of total properties (85% excluding protea hotels and delta hotels and resorts) in 2015, 82% of total properties (85% excluding protea hotels) in 2014, and 87% in 2013.
we also believe company-operated house profit margin, which is the ratio of property-level gross operating profit to total property-level revenue, is a meaningful indicator of our performance because this ratio measures our overall ability as the operator to produce property-level profits by generating sales and controlling the operating expenses over which we have the most direct control. house profit includes room, food and beverage, and other revenue and the related expenses including payroll and benefits expenses, as well as repairs and maintenance, utility, general and administrative, and sales and marketing expenses. house profit does not include the impact of management fees, furniture, fixtures and equipment replacement reserves, insurance, taxes, or other fixed expenses.
in 2015, bookings for future group business in the u.s. improved. new group business booked in 2015 for any period in the future increased 9 percent year over year. the 2016 group revenue pace for systemwide full-service hotels (marriott, jw marriott, renaissance, the ritz-carlton, and gaylord brands) in north america was up more than 6 percent as of year-end 2015, compared to the 2015 group booking pace measured as of year-end 2014. in north america, revpar from transient
the europe region experienced higher demand in 2015 across most countries, primarily due to increased group and transient business driven by special events and the weak currency, partially constrained by weaker demand in france, particularly late in the year. results improved in russia due to increased domestic travel. in the asia pacific region, demand increased led by growth from corporate and other transient business in japan, india, thailand, and indonesia. the growth was partially offset by weaker results in south korea. revpar in greater china moderated in 2015 due to the impact of supply growth in certain southern china markets, continued austerity in beijing, and lower inbound travel to hong kong, while demand in shanghai remained strong. middle east demand was weaker in 2015, reflecting the region's instability and lower oil prices, partially offset by strong government and group demand in saudi arabia. demand in the united arab emirates was constrained mainly by new supply and, to a lesser extent, a reduction in travelers from russia. in africa, results were favorable in 2015. in the caribbean and latin america, strong performance in the region in 2015 was driven by greater demand in mexico and increased leisure travel to our caribbean and mexican resorts for most of the year, constrained somewhat by oversupply of hotels in panama and weaker economies in brazil and puerto rico.
we monitor market conditions and provide the tools for our hotels to price rooms daily in accordance with individual property demand levels, generally adjusting room rates as demand changes. our hotels modify the mix of business to improve revenue as demand changes. demand for higher rated rooms improved in most markets in 2015, which allowed our hotels to reduce discounting and special offers for transient business in many markets. this mix improvement benefited adr. for our company-operated properties, we continue to focus on enhancing property-level house profit margins and making productivity improvements.
the $26 million increase in base management fees reflected stronger revpar ($29 million) and the impact of unit growth across our system ($25 million), partially offset by the impact of unfavorable foreign exchange rates ($11 million), lower fees due to properties that converted from managed to franchised ($7 million), and decreased recognition of previously deferred fees ($8 million).
the $108 million increase in total franchise fees reflected the impact of unit growth across our system ($55 million), stronger revpar due to increased demand ($31 million), increased relicensing and application fees ($22 million), and higher fees from properties that converted to franchised from managed ($7 million), partially offset by the impact of unfavorable foreign exchange rates ($7 million).
the $17 million increase in incentive management fees reflected higher revpar and house profit margins primarily at company-managed north american properties, particularly at a few large portfolios of managed hotels whose improved net house profits allowed them to reach their owners priority threshold and begin to record incentive fees. higher incentive fees also reflected the addition of hotels included in the delta hotels and resorts acquisition, partially offset by $15 million in unfavorable foreign exchange rates and $7 million of lower incentive fees from properties under renovation.
acquired as part of our acquisition of protea hotels in the 2014 second quarter. lower owned and leased revenue reflected net weaker performance impacted by unfavorable foreign exchange rates, a decrease of $27 million attributable to properties that converted to managed or franchised or left our system, and $16 million net unfavorable impact of properties under renovation, partially offset by increases of $10 million from protea hotel leases we acquired in the 2014 second quarter and $6 million from the miami beach edition hotel, which opened in the 2014 fourth quarter and which we subsequently sold in the 2015 first quarter as discussed in footnote no. 3, "acquisitions and dispositions."
cost reimbursements revenue represents reimbursements of costs incurred on behalf of managed and franchised properties and relates, predominantly, to payroll costs at managed properties where we are the employer but also includes reimbursements for other costs, such as those associated with our rewards programs, reservations, and marketing programs. as we record cost reimbursements based upon costs incurred with no added markup, this revenue and related expense has no impact on either our operating or net income. the $575 million increase in total cost reimbursements revenue reflected the impact of higher occupancies and growth across our system. since the end of 2014, our managed rooms increased by 12,668 rooms and our franchised rooms increased by 31,883 rooms, net of rooms at hotels exiting our system.
the $51 million increase in total base management fees, largely reflected stronger revpar due to increased demand ($34 million), the impact of unit growth across our system ($21 million), and increased recognition of previously deferred fees ($16 million), partially offset by a decrease in fees from terminated units ($8 million), decreased fees due to properties that converted from managed to franchised ($8 million), unfavorable foreign exchange rates ($6 million), and three fewer days of activity ($2 million).
the $79 million increase in total franchise fees, reflected stronger revpar due to increased demand ($35 million), new unit growth across our system ($35 million), increased relicensing fees ($10 million), and fees from properties that converted to franchised from managed ($7 million), partially offset by a decrease in fees from terminated units ($4 million) and three fewer days of activity ($3 million).
the $46 million increase in incentive management fees largely reflected higher net house profit at our north american and international managed hotels in addition to unit growth in international markets, partially offset by the impact of unfavorable foreign exchange rates ($5 million) and higher north american full-service deferred fees recognized in 2013 ($5 million). we estimate that the three fewer days of activity in 2014 compared to 2013 reduced fee revenues by approximately $5 million.
the $72 million increase in owned, leased, and other revenue, predominantly reflected $56 million of higher owned and leased revenue, $17 million in revenue from various protea hotels programs, $9 million in higher branding fees, and $2 million in other program revenue, partially offset by $14 million lower termination fee revenue in 2014. higher owned and leased revenue reflected $43 million from protea hotel leases associated with the acquisition, $30 million in revenue from a north american full-service managed property that we acquired in the 2013 fourth quarter, and stronger performance across our new and existing owned and leased international properties, partially offset by $37 million attributable to five international properties that converted to managed or franchised properties. combined branding fees for credit card endorsements and the sale of branded residential real estate by others totaled $127 million in 2014 and $118 million in 2013.
depreciation, amortization and other expense decreased by $9 million (6 percent) to $139 million in 2015 from $148 million in 2014. the decrease reflected a $25 million favorable variance to the 2014 impairment charge on the edition hotels, partially offset by the 2015 impairment charges of $6 million for the miami beach edition residences and $6 million for the new york (madison square park) edition, which are both discussed in footnote no. 3, "acquisitions and dispositions," and a $4 million impairment charge on corporate equipment.
general, administrative, and other expenses decreased by $25 million (4 percent) to $634 million in 2015 from $659 million in 2014. the decrease largely reflected a $28 million net favorable impact to our legal expenses associated with litigation resolutions, $24 million of development costs that we deferred in 2015 related to our growing franchise pipeline, and $5 million in lower foreign exchange losses compared to the 2014 devaluation of assets denominated in venezuelan bolivars, partially offset by $20 million of higher costs incurred to grow our brands globally, $5 million of transaction costs related to the starwood combination, and $5 million from the delta hotels and resorts acquisition.
depreciation, amortization and other expense increased by $21 million (17 percent) to $148 million in 2014 from $127 million in 2013. the increase reflected the $25 million net impairment charge on the edition hotels discussed in footnote no. 3, "acquisitions and dispositions," $5 million in accelerated amortization related to contract terminations, $5 million in higher contract amortization primarily from protea hotels, and $3 million in higher depreciation related to a north american full-service property that we acquired in the 2013 fourth quarter, partially offset by $13 million of accelerated amortization related to contract terminations in 2013 and $5 million of 2013 depreciation for two international properties that converted to managed contracts.
general, administrative, and other expenses increased by $10 million (2 percent) to $659 million in 2014 from $649 million in 2013. the increase largely reflected $9 million from the addition of protea hotels and related transition costs, $7 million from net unfavorable foreign exchange rates, primarily from the devaluation of assets denominated in venezuelan bolivars, and $6 million of increased guarantee funding, partially offset by $8 million litigation settlements recognized in 2013, and a $5 million performance cure payment in 2013 for an international property.
gains and other income, net increased by $19 million (238 percent) to $27 million in 2015 compared to $8 million in 2014. the increase primarily reflects the $41 million gain on the redemption of our preferred equity ownership interest, discussed in footnote no. 14, "fair value of financial instruments." the increase was partially offset by an $11 million disposal loss for an international property and a $4 million expected disposal loss for a north american limited-service segment plot of land, both discussed in footnote no. 3, "acquisitions and dispositions."
interest expense increased by $52 million (45 percent) to $167 million in 2015 compared to $115 million in 2014. the increase was due to net lower capitalized interest expense as a result of the completion of the miami beach edition in the 2014 fourth quarter and the new york (madison square park) edition in the 2015 second quarter ($25 million), interest on the series o notes and series p notes that we issued in the 2015 third quarter and the series n notes that we issued in the 2014 fourth quarter ($17 million), and an unfavorable variance to the 2014 debt premium accretion true-up ($7 million).
interest expense decreased by $5 million (4 percent) to $115 million in 2014 compared to $120 million in 2013. this decrease was principally from $8 million in higher debt premium accretion which included a true-up, $2 million in lower interest on an exited lease obligation, $2 million decrease due to lower interest rates on our marriott rewards program, and a $2 million increase in capitalized interest primarily related to development of edition hotels in miami beach and new york, offset by completion of the london edition in the 2013 fourth quarter. this was partially offset by a net $8 million increase due to the issuance of higher net senior note borrowings.
interest income decreased by $1 million (3 percent) to $29 million in 2015 compared to $30 million in 2014. this decrease was primarily due to lower interest income on the preferred equity ownership interest that was redeemed in the 2015 second quarter ($5 million), partially offset by higher interest income on the $85 million mezzanine loan (net of a $15 million discount) we provided to an owner in conjunction with entering into a franchise agreement for an international property in the 2014 second quarter ($5 million).
interest income increased by $7 million (30 percent) to $30 million in 2014 compared to $23 million in 2013. the increase was primarily due to $6 million earned on the $85 million mezzanine loan (net of a $15 million discount) provided to an owner in conjunction with entering into a franchise agreement for an international property in the 2014 second quarter, and $2 million earned on the mandatorily redeemable preferred equity ownership interest acquired in the 2013 second quarter. see footnote no. 13, "notes receivable" for more information on the mezzanine loan.
equity in earnings (losses)
equity in earnings of $16 million in 2015 increased by $10 million from equity in earnings of $6 million in 2014. the increase reflects a $22 million year-over-year impact from the reversal in 2015 of an $11 million litigation reserve that was recorded in 2014 and associated with an equity investment and a $5 million benefit recorded in 2015 following an adjustment to an international investee's liabilities. the increase was partially offset by a $6 million impairment charge relating to an
international joint venture and an unfavorable variance to a $9 million benefit recorded in 2014 for two of our international investments, following the reversal of their liabilities associated with a tax law change in a country in which they operate.
equity in earnings of $6 million in 2014 improved by $11 million from equity in losses of $5 million in 2013. the increase was driven by a $9 million reversal of deferred tax liabilities associated with a tax law change in a country in which two of our international joint ventures operate, $9 million in higher earnings from three of our international and one of our north american full-service joint ventures, and a favorable variance from a $4 million impairment charge in the 2013 second quarter associated with a corporate investment (not allocated to any of our segments) that we determined was fully impaired because we do not expect to recover the investment. this was partially offset by an $11 million litigation reserve associated with another equity investment discussed above (not allocated to any of our segments).
our tax provision increased by $61 million (18 percent) to $396 million in 2015 from $335 million in 2014. the increase was primarily due to higher pre-tax earnings and unfavorable comparisons to the 2014 resolution of a u.s. federal tax issue relating to a guest marketing program, the 2014 release of an international valuation allowance, and the 2014 resolution of an international financing activity tax issue. the increase was partially offset by a favorable irs settlement relating to share-based compensation ($12 million), a tax benefit from an international property disposition ($7 million), and a favorable comparison to the 2014 tax on unrealized foreign exchange gains that were taxed within a foreign jurisdiction ($5 million).
our tax provision increased by $64 million (24 percent) to $335 million in 2014 from $271 million in 2013. the increase was primarily due to higher pre-tax earnings, unrealized foreign exchange gains that were taxed within a foreign jurisdiction, and non-recurring favorable foreign true-ups in 2013. the increase was partially offset by the favorable resolution of a u.s. federal tax issue relating to a guest marketing program ($21 million), the release of an international valuation allowance ($7 million), and the resolution of an international financing activity tax issue ($5 million).
adjusted earnings before interest expense, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("adjusted ebitda")
earnings before interest expense, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("ebitda"), a financial measure not required by, or presented in accordance with, u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap"), reflects net income excluding the impact of interest expense, provision for income taxes, and depreciation and amortization. our non-gaap measure of adjusted ebitda further adjusts ebitda to exclude (1) the pre-tax edition impairment charges of $12 million in 2015 and $25 million in 2014, which we recorded in the "depreciation, amortization, and other" caption of our income statements following an evaluation of our edition hotels and residences for recovery; (2) the $15 million pre-tax loss on dispositions of real estate, which we recorded in the "gains and other income, net" caption of our income statements in 2015; (3) the $41 million pre-tax gain triggered by a mandatory redemption feature of a preferred equity investment in 2015; and (4) share-based compensation expense for all periods presented.
we believe that adjusted ebitda is a meaningful indicator of our operating performance because it permits period-over-period comparisons of our ongoing core operations before the excluded items and facilitates our comparison of results before these items with results from other lodging companies, and because it excludes certain items that can vary widely across different industries or among companies within the lodging industry. for example, interest expense can be dependent on a company's capital structure, debt levels, and credit ratings, and accordingly interest expense's impact on earnings varies significantly among companies. similarly, tax positions will vary among companies as a result of their differing abilities to take advantage of tax benefits and the tax policies of the jurisdictions in which they operate. as a result, effective tax rates and provision for income taxes can vary considerably among companies. our adjusted ebitda also excludes depreciation and amortization expense which we report under "depreciation, amortization, and other," as well as depreciation included under "reimbursed costs" in our income statements, because companies utilize productive assets of different ages and use different methods of both acquiring and depreciating productive assets. these differences can result in considerable variability in the relative costs of productive assets and the depreciation and amortization expense among companies. we also exclude share-based compensation expense to address the considerable variability among companies in recording compensation expense because companies use share-based payment awards differently, both in the type and quantity of awards granted.
adjusted ebitda has limitations and should not be considered in isolation or a substitute for performance measures calculated under gaap. this non-gaap measure excludes certain cash expenses that we are obligated to make. in addition,
other companies in our industry may calculate adjusted ebitda differently than we do or may not calculate it at all, which limits the usefulness of adjusted ebitda as a comparative measure.
we present our 2015 and 2014 adjusted ebitda calculations that reflect the changes we describe above and reconcile this measure with net income in the following table:
ebitda                                                                                              $1,619              $1,390
edition impairment charge                                                                               12                  25
loss on dispositions of real estate                                                                     15                   -
gain on redemption of preferred equity ownership interest                                              (41   )               -
adjusted ebitda                                                                                     $1,718              $1,524
business segments we are a diversified global lodging company with operations in three reportable business segments: north american full-service, north american limited-service, and international. see footnote no. 16, "business segments," to our financial statements for other information about each segment, including revenues and a reconciliation of segment profits to net income.
the ritz-carlton                          39                  11,410                 1                      429                  -               -
the ritz-carlton residences (1)           31                   3,757                 1                       55                  -               -
edition                                    2                     568                 -                        -                  -               -
edition residences (1)                     1                      25                 -                        -                  -               -
north american limited-service courtyard                                276                  43,890               640                   85,151                  -               -
fairfield inn &amp; suites                 5                   1,324               756                   68,646                  -               -
springhill suites                         30                   4,720               306                   35,030                  -               -
towneplace suites                         15                   1,740               255                   25,388                  -               -
total north american limited-service     437                  68,393             2,536                  281,908                  5                  911
the ritz-carlton                          52                  14,713                 -                        -                  -               -
the ritz-carlton residences (1)            8                     416                 -                        -                  -               -
the ritz-carlton serviced apartments       4                     579                 -                        -                  -               -
edition                                    1                     173                 1                       78                  -               -
fairfield inn &amp; suites                 5                     716                 2                      386                  -               -
(2)   we present results for all ac hotels by marriott properties and five international autograph collection properties in the "equity in earnings (losses)" caption of our income statements.
(3)   timeshare properties licensed by mvw under the marriott vacation club, the ritz-carlton destination club, the ritz-carlton residences, and grand residences by marriott brand names. includes products that are in active sales as well as those sold out. mvw reports its property and room counts on a fiscal year basis for the mvw fiscal year ended january 1, 2016.
the following discussion reflects all three of our reportable segments. we consider total segment revenues and total segment profits (as defined in footnote no. 16, "business segments") to be meaningful indicators of our performance because they measure our growth in profitability and enable investors to compare the revenues and profits of our operations to our competitors.
we added 300 properties (51,547 rooms) and 51 properties (6,328 rooms) exited our system in 2015.
total segment revenues increased by $678 million to $14,218 million in 2015, a five percent increase from revenues of $13,540 million in 2014, and total segment profits increased by $111 million to $1,504 million in 2015, an eight percent increase from $1,393 million in 2014.
the year-over-year increase in segment revenues of $678 million was a result of a $572 million increase in cost reimbursements revenue, a $109 million increase in franchise fees, a $26 million increase in base management fees, and a $17 million increase in incentive management fees, partially offset by a $46 million decrease in owned, leased, and other revenue. the year-over-year increase of $111 million in segment profits reflected a $109 million increase in franchise fees, a $26 million increase in base management fees, and a $17 million increase in incentive management fees, partially offset by a $20 million decrease in gains and other income, net, a $12 million decrease in equity in earnings, a $6 million increase in general, administrative, and other expenses, and a $3 million decrease in owned, leased, and other revenue, net of direct expenses. for more information on the variances, see the preceding sections beginning with "revenues."
in 2015, 68 percent of our managed properties paid incentive management fees to us versus 50 percent in 2014. managed properties that paid incentive management fees in 2015 represented 63 percent of properties in north america and 74 percent outside of north america, compared to 36 percent in north america and 73 percent outside of north america in 2014. the percentage of north american properties that paid incentive management fees to us increased compared to 2014 due to a few large north american limited-service portfolios of properties that paid incentive management fees in 2015 but did not do so in 2014. in addition, in 2015, 51 percent of our incentive fees came from properties outside of north america versus 56 percent in 2014.
compared to 2014, worldwide comparable company-operated house profit margins in 2015 increased by 80 basis points and worldwide comparable company-operated house profit per available room ("hp-par") increased by 7.5 percent on a constant u.s. dollar basis, reflecting higher occupancy, rate increases, improved productivity, and solid cost controls. these same factors contributed to north american company-operated house profit margins increasing by 80 basis points compared to 2014. hp-par at those same properties increased by 7.8 percent. international company-operated house profit margins increased by 70 basis points, and hp-par at those properties increased by 6.9 percent reflecting increased demand and higher revpar in most locations and improved productivity.
we added 311 properties (46,050 rooms) and 52 properties (6,418 rooms) exited our system in 2014. these figures do not include residential units. during 2014, we also added two residential properties (30 units) and no residential properties or units exited our system.
total segment revenues increased by $1,022 million to $13,540 million in 2014, an 8 percent increase from revenues of $12,518 million in 2013, and total segment profits increased by $196 million to $1,393 million in 2014 from $1,197 million in 2013.
the year-over-year increase in segment revenues of $1,022 million was a result of a $787 million increase in cost reimbursements revenue, an $80 million increase in franchise fees, a $58 million increase in owned, leased, and other revenue, a $51 million increase in base management fees, and a $46 million increase in incentive management fees. the year-over-year increase of $196 million in segment profits reflected an $80 million increase in franchise fees, a $51 million increase in base management fees, a $46 million increase in incentive management fees, $19 million of lower joint venture equity losses, a $11 million increase in owned, leased, and other revenue, net of direct expenses, and $4 million of lower depreciation, amortization, and other expense, partially offset by a $16 million increase in general, administrative, and other expenses. for more information on the variances, see the preceding sections beginning with "revenues."
outside of north america, compared to 21 percent in north america and 70 percent outside of north america in 2013. in addition, in 2014, 56 percent of our incentive fees came from properties outside of north america versus 58 percent in 2013. further, we earned $24 million in incentive management fees in 2014 from properties that did not earn any incentive management fees in 2013.
compared to 2013, worldwide comparable company-operated house profit margins in 2014 increased by 120 basis points and hp-par increased by 9.7 percent on a constant u.s. dollar basis, reflecting higher occupancy, rate increases, improved productivity, and solid cost controls. these same factors contributed to north american company-operated house profit margins increasing by 150 basis points compared to 2013. hp-par at those same properties increased by 11.4 percent. international company-operated house profit margins increased by 70 basis points, and hp-par at those properties increased by 6.6 percent reflecting increased demand and higher revpar in most locations and improved productivity. note that 2014 had three fewer days of activity when compared to 2013.
development in 2015, we added 300 properties with 51,547 rooms across our brands, including 9,590 rooms from the acquisition of delta hotels and resorts, and 51 properties (6,328 rooms) left our system. no residential properties entered or left our system. highlights of the year included:
•   converting 39 properties (7,301 rooms), or 14 percent of our gross room additions for the year, to our brands;
•   adding 173 properties (19,712 rooms) to our north american limited-service brands.
we believe that we have access to sufficient financial resources to finance our growth, as well as to support our ongoing operations and meet debt service and other cash requirements. nonetheless, our ability to develop and update our brands and the ability of hotel developers to build or acquire new marriott-branded properties, both of which are important parts of our growth plan, depend in part on capital access, availability and cost for other hotel developers and third-party owners. these growth plans are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside of our control. see the "forward-looking statements" and "risks and uncertainties" captions earlier in this report and the "liquidity and capital resources" caption later in this report.
statistics the following tables show occupancy, average daily rate, and revpar for comparable properties, for each of the brands in our north american full-service and north american limited-service segments, and for our international properties by region. systemwide statistics include data from our franchised properties, in addition to our owned, leased, and managed properties.
the ritz-carlton occupancy                                         72.1      %             (0.1        )%   pts.                72.1         %                (0.1        )%   pts.
composite north american full-service occupancy                                         74.9      %              0.6         %   pts.                73.1         %                 0.6         %   pts.
fairfield inn &amp; suites occupancy                                           nm                      nm             pts.                70.6         %                 0.3         %   pts.
towneplace suites occupancy                                         72.7      %              0.1         %   pts.                74.8         %                 0.3         %   pts.
springhill suites occupancy                                         76.0      %              1.6         %   pts.                74.8         %                 0.3         %   pts.
composite north american limited-service occupancy                                         74.5      %              0.7         %   pts.                74.4         %                 0.5         %   pts.
composite north american - all occupancy                                         74.7      %              0.6         %   pts.                73.9         %                 0.5         %   pts.
(1)   includes properties located outside of the united states and canada for the ritz-carlton, bulgari hotels &amp; resorts, edition, autograph collection hotels, renaissance hotels, marriott hotels, courtyard, residence inn, and fairfield inn &amp; suites brands.
(2)   includes properties worldwide for the ritz-carlton, bulgari hotels &amp; resorts, edition, autograph collection hotels, renaissance hotels, marriott hotels, gaylord hotels, courtyard, residence inn, springhill suites, fairfield inn &amp; suites, and towneplace suites brands.
the ritz-carlton north america occupancy                                         72.9      %              1.5         %   pts.          72.9      %              1.5         %   pts.
composite north american full-service occupancy                                         74.5      %              1.6         %   pts.          72.8      %              1.5         %   pts.
fairfield inn &amp; suites occupancy                                           nm                      nm             pts.          70.1      %              2.2         %   pts.
towneplace suites occupancy                                         72.6      %              6.3         %   pts.          74.7      %              3.2         %   pts.
springhill suites occupancy                                         73.8      %              1.9         %   pts.          74.6      %              2.6         %   pts.
composite north american limited-service occupancy                                         73.7      %              2.8         %   pts.          74.0      %              2.3         %   pts.
composite north american - all occupancy                                         74.2      %              2.0         %   pts.          73.6      %              2.0         %   pts.
(1)   statistics include only properties located in the united states.
(1)   international includes properties located outside the united states and canada, except for worldwide, which includes the united states.
(2)   company-operated statistics include the marriott hotels, renaissance hotels, autograph collection hotels, the ritz-carlton, bulgari hotels &amp; resorts, courtyard, and residence inn brands. in addition to the foregoing brands, systemwide statistics also include the fairfield inn &amp; suites brand.
(3)   company-operated and systemwide statistics include properties worldwide for the marriott hotels, renaissance hotels, autograph collection hotels, gaylord hotels, the ritz-carlton, bulgari hotels &amp; resorts, courtyard, residence inn, fairfield inn &amp; suites, towneplace suites, and springhill suites brands.
north american full-service includes the ritz-carlton, edition, jw marriott, autograph collection hotels, renaissance hotels, marriott hotels, delta hotels and resorts, and gaylord hotels located in the united states and canada.
segment profits         $561                $524                $490                 7   %                      7   %
in 2015, across our north american full-service segment we added 57 properties (15,345 rooms), including 37 properties (9,590 rooms) from the delta hotels and resorts acquisition, and five properties (1,398 rooms) left our system.
the $37 million increase in segment profits, compared to 2014, was driven by $44 million of higher base management and franchise fees and $10 million of higher incentive management fees, partially offset by $6 million of lower owned, leased, and other revenue, net of direct expenses, $4 million of higher general, administrative, and other expenses, $4 million of lower gains and other income, net, and $3 million of higher depreciation, amortization, and other expense.
base management and franchise fees were higher due to stronger revpar driven by rate and unit growth, partially offset by $5 million of contract modifications and terminations. increased incentive management fees were primarily driven by higher net house profits at managed hotels.
general, administrative, and other expenses were higher due to $5 million from the delta hotels and resorts acquisition and $2 million in higher reserves for guarantee funding, partially offset by $3 million of other property expenses incurred in 2014.
the $34 million increase in segment profits, compared to 2013, was driven by $30 million of higher base management and franchise fees, $17 million of higher incentive management fees, and $5 million of lower depreciation, amortization, and other expense, partially offset by $11 million of lower owned, leased, and other revenue, net of direct expenses, and $8 million of higher general, administrative, and other expenses.
base management and franchise fees were higher due to stronger revpar as a result of increased demand and unit growth, partially offset by $7 million from terminated units. the increase in incentive management fees was primarily driven by higher net house profit at managed hotels, partially offset by $5 million in deferred fees recognized in 2013.
north american limited-service includes ac hotels by marriott, courtyard, residence inn, springhill suites, fairfield inn & suites, and towneplace suites located in the united states and canada.
segment profits         $651                $574                $479                 13   %                     20   %
in 2015, across our north american limited-service segment we added 173 properties (19,712 rooms) and 26 properties (2,820 rooms) left our system. the majority of the properties that left our system were fairfield inn & suites and residence inn properties.
for the twelve months ended december 31, 2015, compared to the twelve months ended december 31, 2014, revpar for comparable systemwide north american limited-service properties increased by 5.6 percent to $94.99, occupancy for these properties increased by 0.5 percentage points to 74.4 percent, and average daily rates increased by 4.9 percent to $127.65.
the $77 million increase in segment profits, compared to 2014, reflected $73 million of higher base management and franchise fees, $13 million of higher incentive management fees, $2 million of lower general, administrative, and other
expenses, and $1 million of lower depreciation, amortization, and other expense, partially offset by $5 million of lower owned, leased, and other revenue, net of direct expenses, $4 million of lower gains and other income, net, and $3 million of lower equity in earnings.
base management and franchise fees were higher due to unit growth and stronger room rates, including $19 million of higher franchise licensing and application fees, partially offset by a $5 million reduction in previously deferred fees and $3 million of contract terminations. increased incentive management fees were primarily driven by a few large portfolios of managed hotels whose improved net house profits allowed them to reach their owners priority threshold and begin to record incentive fees.
gains and other income, net were lower due to a $4 million expected disposal loss on a plot of land. see footnote no. 3, "acquisitions and dispositions" for more information.
lower equity in earnings was driven by the redemption of our investment in an entity that owns two hotels.
cost reimbursements revenue and expenses for our north american limited-service segment properties totaled $2,366 million in 2015, compared to $2,217 million in 2014.
in 2014, across our north american limited-service segment we added 120 properties (13,928 rooms) and 32 properties (3,030 rooms) left our system. the majority of the properties that left our system were fairfield inn & suites and residence inn properties.
for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014, compared to the twelve months ended december 31, 2013, revpar for comparable systemwide north american limited-service properties increased by 7.5 percent to $89.11, occupancy for these properties increased by 2.3 percentage points to 74.0 percent, and average daily rates increased by 4.2 percent to $120.36.
the $95 million increase in segment profits, compared to 2013, primarily reflected $80 million of higher base management and franchise fees, $11 million of higher owned, leased, and other revenue, net of direct expenses, and $7 million of higher incentive management fees.
higher base management and franchise fees were primarily driven by higher revpar for comparable properties and unit growth, and included $15 million of higher deferred management fees and $10 million of higher relicensing fees. increased incentive management fees resulted from net house profit growth at managed hotels.
cost reimbursements revenue and expenses for our north american limited-service segment properties totaled $2,217 million in 2014, compared to $1,939 million in 2013.
international includes properties, regardless of brand, that are located outside the united states and canada.
segment profits         $292                $295                $228       (1         )%                    29   %
the $3 million decrease in segment profits in 2015, compared to 2014, consisted of $12 million of lower gains and other income, net, $9 million of lower equity in earnings, $6 million of lower incentive management fees, and $4 million of higher general, administrative, and other expenses, partially offset by $18 million of higher base management and franchise fees, $8 million of higher owned, leased, and other revenue, net of direct expenses, and $2 million of lower depreciation, amortization, and other expense.
base management and franchise fees increased due to stronger revpar, driven by both occupancy and rate, and unit growth, partially offset by the impact of $16 million in unfavorable foreign exchange rates. lower incentive management fees reflected $15 million in unfavorable foreign exchange rates, partially offset by higher net house profit at managed hotels and unit growth.
general, administrative, and other expenses increased primarily due to higher costs for branding and service initiatives to grow our brands globally.
lower gains and other income, net primarily reflected an $11 million loss on the sale of an international property discussed in footnote no. 3, "acquisitions and dispositions."
lower equity in earnings reflected an unfavorable variance to a $9 million benefit recorded in 2014 for two of our international investments, following the reversal of their liabilities associated with a tax law change in a country in which they operate, and a $6 million impairment charge relating to an international joint venture, partially offset by a $5 million benefit recorded in 2015 following an adjustment to an international investee's liabilities.
the $67 million increase in segment profits in 2014, compared to 2013, primarily consisted of $22 million in higher incentive management fees, $21 million of higher base management and franchise fees, $17 million of higher equity in earnings, and $11 million of higher owned, leased, and other revenue, net of direct expenses, partially offset by $6 million higher general, administrative, and other expenses.
the increase in base management and franchise fees was driven by unit growth and higher revpar, partially offset by the impact of $3 million in unfavorable foreign exchange rates and $4 million from terminated units. increased incentive management fees were primarily driven by higher net house profit at managed hotels and unit growth, partially offset by the impact of $4 million in unfavorable foreign exchange rates.
the increase of equity in earnings was driven by a $9 million reversal of deferred tax liabilities associated with a tax law change in a country in which two of our international joint ventures operate and $7 million in increased earnings at three of our joint ventures.
the increase in owned, leased, and other revenue, net of direct expenses largely reflected $10 million from protea hotels programs and leases acquired in the 2014 second quarter, $5 million in higher costs in 2013 related to three leases we terminated, $5 million of pre-opening costs in 2013, $4 million from new units, and $4 million of favorable operating profits, partially offset by an unfavorable variance of $12 million in termination fees recognized in 2013, and $6 million in earnings from properties that converted to managed or franchised.
the increase in general, administrative, and other expenses was primarily due to $5 million related to the protea hotels acquisition and $5 million in higher compensation, partially offset by a $5 million performance cure payment for one property in 2013.
share-based compensation under our stock and cash incentive plan, we award: (1) stock options to purchase our common stock; (2) stock appreciation rights ("sars") for our common stock; (3) restricted stock units ("rsus") of our common stock; and (4) deferred stock units. we also issue performance-based rsus ("psus") to named executive officers and some of their direct reports under the stock and cash incentive plan.
liquidity and capital resources cash requirements and our credit facilities our multicurrency revolving credit agreement (the "credit facility") provides for $2,000 million of aggregate effective borrowings to support general corporate needs, including working capital, capital expenditures, share repurchases, letters of credit, and acquisitions. the availability of the credit facility also supports our commercial paper program. in addition, we may use borrowings under the credit facility, or commercial paper supported by the credit facility, to finance all or part of the cash component of the consideration to starwood shareholders in connection with the starwood combination and certain fees and expenses incurred in connection with the combination. borrowings under the credit facility generally bear interest at libor (the london interbank offered rate) plus a spread, based on our public debt rating. we also pay quarterly fees on the credit facility at a rate based on our public debt rating. the term of the credit facility expires on july 18, 2018.
the credit facility contains certain covenants, including a single financial covenant that limits our maximum leverage (consisting of the ratio of adjusted total debt to consolidated ebitda, each as defined in the credit facility) to not more than 4 to 1. our outstanding public debt does not contain a corresponding financial covenant or a requirement that we maintain certain financial ratios. we currently satisfy the covenants in our credit facility and public debt instruments, including the leverage covenant under the credit facility, and do not expect that the covenants will restrict our ability to meet our anticipated borrowing and guarantee levels or increase those levels should we decide to do so in the future.
we believe the credit facility and our access to capital markets, together with cash we expect to generate from operations, remain adequate to meet our short-term and long-term liquidity requirements, finance our long-term growth plans, meet debt service, and fulfill other cash requirements.
we issue commercial paper in the united states. we do not have purchase commitments from buyers for our commercial paper; therefore, our ability to issue commercial paper is subject to market demand. we classify any outstanding commercial paper and credit facility borrowings as long-term based on our ability and intent to refinance them on a long-term basis. we reserve unused capacity under our credit facility to repay outstanding commercial paper borrowings in the event that the commercial paper market is not available to us for any reason when outstanding borrowings mature. we do not expect that fluctuations in the demand for commercial paper will affect our liquidity, given our borrowing capacity under the credit facility.
at year-end 2015, our available borrowing capacity amounted to $1,158 million and reflected borrowing capacity of $1,062 million under our credit facility and our cash balance of $96 million. we calculated that borrowing capacity by taking $2,000 million of effective aggregate bank commitments under our credit facility and subtracting $938 million of outstanding commercial paper (there being no outstanding letters of credit under our credit facility).
we monitor the status of the capital markets and regularly evaluate the effect that changes in capital market conditions may have on our ability to execute our announced growth plans. we expect to continue meeting part of our financing and liquidity needs primarily through commercial paper borrowings, issuances of senior notes, and access to long-term committed
credit facilities. if conditions in the lodging industry deteriorate, or if disruptions in the capital markets take place as they did in the immediate aftermath of both the 2008 worldwide financial crisis and the events of september 11, 2001, we may be unable to place some or all of our commercial paper on a temporary or extended basis and may have to rely more on borrowings under the credit facility, which we believe will be adequate to fund our liquidity needs, including repayment of debt obligations, but which may or may not carry a higher cost than commercial paper. since we continue to have ample flexibility under the credit facility's covenants, we expect that undrawn bank commitments under the credit facility will remain available to us even if business conditions were to deteriorate markedly.
cash from operations cash from operations and non-cash items for the last three fiscal years are as follows:
non-cash items (1)           395                 328                 316
our ratio of current assets to current liabilities was 0.4 to 1.0 at year-end 2015 and 0.5 to 1.0 at year-end 2014. we minimize working capital through cash management, strict credit-granting policies, and aggressive collection efforts. we also have significant borrowing capacity under our credit facility should we need additional working capital.
our ratios of earnings to fixed charges for the last five fiscal years, the calculations of which we detail in exhibit 12 to this 2015 annual report on form 10-k, are as follows:
6.4x        6.2x        5.1x        4.6x        2.3x spin-off cash tax benefits tax matters that could affect our cash tax benefits related to the 2011 spin-off of our timeshare operations and timeshare development business were resolved in 2013. as we expected, the spin-off resulted in our realization through 2015 of approximately $480 million of cash tax benefits, relating to the value of the timeshare business. we realized $447 million of those benefits through 2014 and expect to realize approximately $33 million of cash tax benefits in 2015.
investing activities cash flows capital expenditures and other investments. we made capital expenditures of $305 million in 2015, $411 million in 2014, and $296 million in 2013. these included expenditures related to the development and construction of new hotels and acquisitions of hotel properties, improvements to existing properties, and systems initiatives. capital expenditures in 2015 decreased by $106 million compared to 2014, primarily related to the 2014 development of two edition hotels, partially offset by 2015 renovations at a north american full-service property and investments in our reservations system. capital expenditures in 2014 increased by $115 million compared to 2013, primarily related to developing two edition hotels and our 2014 acquisition of an international property, partially offset by the completion of the london edition in the 2013 fourth quarter.
we expect 2016 investment spending will total approximately $450 million to $550 million, including approximately $100 million for maintenance capital spending. investment spending also includes other capital expenditures, loan advances, contract acquisition costs, acquisitions, and equity and other investments. see our condensed consolidated statements of cash flows for information on investment spending for 2015. our anticipated investment spending does not include additional investments we may make in connection with the starwood combination, which we expect will close in mid-2016, after customary conditions are satisfied, including shareholder approvals, required antitrust approvals, and the completion of starwood's previously announced spin-off of its vacation ownership business, or another spin-off, split-off, analogous disposition, or sale of its vacation ownership business. see footnote no. 3, "acquisitions and dispositions," for more information about the starwood combination.
over time, we have sold lodging properties, both completed and under development, subject to long-term management agreements. the ability of third-party purchasers to raise the debt and equity capital necessary to acquire such properties depends in part on the perceived risks inherent in the lodging industry and other constraints inherent in the capital markets as a whole. we monitor the status of the capital markets and regularly evaluate the potential impact of changes in capital market conditions on our business operations. we expect to continue making selective and opportunistic investments to add units to our lodging business, which may include loans and noncontrolling equity investments.
fluctuations in the values of hotel real estate generally have little impact on our overall business results because: (1) we own less than one percent of hotels that we operate or franchise; (2) management and franchise fees are generally based upon hotel revenues and profits rather than current hotel property values; and (3) our management agreements generally do not terminate upon hotel sale or foreclosure.
dispositions. property and asset sales generated $673 million cash proceeds in 2015 and $435 million in 2014. see footnote no. 3, "acquisitions and dispositions," for more information on completed dispositions and planned dispositions.
loan activity. from time to time we make loans to owners of hotels that we operate or franchise. loan collections, net of loan advances, amounted to $26 million in 2015 compared to net advances of $69 million in 2014. at year-end 2015, we had a $3 million senior loan (current) and $218 million of mezzanine and other loans ($215 million noncurrent and $3 million current) outstanding, compared with a $3 million senior loan (current) and $239 million of mezzanine and other loans ($215 million noncurrent and $24 million current) outstanding at year-end 2014. in 2015, our notes receivable balance for senior, mezzanine, and other loans decreased by $21 million, primarily reflecting $86 million of collections on mvw notes receivable issued to us in 2011 in conjunction with our timeshare spin-off, partially offset by the issuance of the $58 million mezzanine loan (net of a $6 million discount) described in footnote no. 13, "notes receivable."
equity and cost method investments. cash outflows of $7 million in 2015, $6 million in 2014, and $16 million in 2013 for equity and cost method investments primarily reflects our investments in a number of joint ventures.
cash from financing activities debt. debt increased by $336 million in 2015, to $4,107 million at year-end 2015 from $3,771 million at year-end 2014, and reflected $790 million ($800 million face amount) in series o and p notes issuances, partially offset by $314 million from the redemption of series g notes and a $134 million decrease in commercial paper borrowings. see footnote no. 10, "long-term debt" for additional information on the debt issuances.
our financial objectives include diversifying our financing sources, optimizing the mix and maturity of our long-term debt, and reducing our working capital. at year-end 2015, our long-term debt had an average interest rate of 2.9 percent and an average maturity of approximately 4.6 years. the ratio of our fixed-rate long-term debt to our total long-term debt was 0.8 to 1.0 at year-end 2015.
see the "cash requirements and our credit facilities," caption in this "liquidity and capital resources" section for more information on our credit facility.
capital lease obligations (1)                                5                       1                       2                     1                       1
other noncurrent liabilities                                48                       1                       8                     2                      37
the preceding table does not reflect unrecognized tax benefits at year-end 2015 of $24 million. see footnote no. 6, "income taxes" for additional information.
in addition to the purchase obligations noted in the preceding table, in the normal course of business we enter into purchase commitments to manage the daily operating needs of the hotels that we manage. since we are reimbursed from the cash flows of the hotels, these obligations have minimal impact on our net income and cash flow.
guarantee commitments the following table summarizes our guarantee commitments at year-end 2015:
amount of guarantee commitments expiration by period
($ in millions)                                           totalamountscommitted            less than1 year               1-3 years               3-5 years               after5 years total guarantees where we are the primary obligor                $228                           $5                       $29                     $97                       $97
total guarantee commitments                                      $320                          $29                       $80                    $106                      $105
in conjunction with financing obtained for specific projects or properties owned by joint ventures in which we are a party, we may provide industry standard indemnifications to the lender for loss, liability or damage occurring as a result of our actions or the actions of the other joint venture owner.
investment and loan commitments we also had the following investment and loan commitments outstanding at year-end 2015:
($ in millions)                         totalamountscommitted         less than1 year                    1-3 years        3-5 years              after5 years total investment and loan commitments   $85                           $38                                $47              $-                     $-
for further information on our investment and loan commitments, including the nature of the commitments and their expirations, see the "commitments" caption in footnote no. 7, "commitments and contingencies."
letters of credit at year-end 2015, we also had $82 million of letters of credit outstanding (all outside the credit facility), the majority of which were for our self-insurance programs. surety bonds issued as of year-end 2015 totaled $159 million, the majority of which federal, state, and local governments requested in connection with our self-insurance programs.
related party transactions equity method investments we have equity method investments in entities that own properties for which we provide management and/or franchise services and receive fees. we also have equity method investments in entities that provide management and/or franchise services to hotels and receive fees. in addition, in some cases we provide loans, preferred equity, or guarantees to these entities.
for more information, including the impact to our financial statements of transactions with these related parties, see footnote no. 17, "related party transactions."
critical accounting policies and estimates our preparation of financial statements in accordance with gaap requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts and related disclosures. management considers an accounting estimate to be critical if: (1) we must make assumptions that were uncertain at the time the estimate was made; and (2) changes in the estimate, or selection of a different estimate methodology could have a material effect on our consolidated results of operations or financial condition.
while we believe that our estimates, assumptions, and judgments are reasonable, they are based on information available at the time the estimate or assumption was made. actual results may differ significantly. additionally, changes in our assumptions, estimates or assessments as a result of unforeseen events or otherwise could have a material impact on our financial position or results of operations.
management has discussed the development and selection of its critical accounting policies with the audit committee of the board of directors, and the audit committee has reviewed the disclosure presented below relating to them.
see footnote no. 2, "summary of significant accounting policies," for further information on our critical accounting policies and estimates, which are as follows:
goodwill, including how we evaluate the fair value of reporting units and when we record an impairment loss on goodwill;
loan loss reserves, including information on how we measure impairment on senior, mezzanine, and other loans of these types; and income taxes, including information on how we determine our current year amounts payable or refundable, as well as our estimate of deferred tax assets and liabilities.