item 1a.      risk factors you should consider the risks described below in conjunction with the other information presented in this report. these risks have the potential to materially adversely affect the company's business, results of operations or financial condition.
risks relating to the company generally legal and regulatory issues we are subject to significant uninsured exposures arising from errors and omissions, breach of fiduciary duty and similar claims.
our operating companies provide numerous professional services, including the placement of insurance and the provision of consulting, investment advisory, actuarial and other services, to clients around the world. as a result of these activities, the company and its subsidiaries are subject to a significant number of errors and omissions, breach of fiduciary duty and similar claims, which we refer to collectively as "e&o claims." in our risk and insurance services segment, such claims include allegations of damages arising from our failure to adequately place coverage or notify insurers of potential claims on behalf of clients. in our consulting segment, such claims include allegations of damages arising from the provision of consulting, investments, actuarial, pension administration and other services. these services frequently involve complex calculations and other analysis, including (i) assumptions and estimates concerning contingent future events, (ii) drafting and interpretation of complex documentation governing pension plans, (iii) calculating benefits within complex pension structures and (iv) the provision of investment advice, including regarding asset allocation and investment strategy, and management of client assets, including the selection of investment managers. given the long-tail nature of many of these types of claims, these matters often relate to services provided by the company dating back many years. such claims may subject us to significant liability for monetary damages, including punitive and treble damages, negative publicity and reputational harm and may divert personnel and management resources. we may be unable to effectively limit our potential liability in certain jurisdictions or in connection with certain types of claims, particularly including those concerning claims of a breach of fiduciary duty.
in establishing liabilities for e&o claims in accordance with fasb asc subtopic no. 450-20 (contingencies - loss contingencies), the company uses case level reviews by inside and outside counsel, an internal actuarial analysis and other analysis to estimate potential losses. a liability is established when a loss is both probable and reasonably estimable. the liability is reviewed quarterly and adjusted as developments warrant. in many cases, the company has not recorded a liability, other than for legal fees to defend the claim, because we are unable, at the present time, to make a determination that a loss is both probable and reasonably estimable. nevertheless, given the challenges inherent in establishing liabilities in accordance with fasb asc subtopic no. 450-20, as well as the unpredictability of e&o claims and the litigation that can flow from them, it is possible that an adverse outcome in a particular matter could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flow in a given quarterly or annual period.
further, and as more fully described in note 15 to our consolidated financial statements included under part ii, item 8 of this report, we are subject to legal proceedings, regulatory investigations and other contingencies other than e&o claims which, if determined unfavorably to us, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
we cannot guarantee that we are or will be in compliance with all current and potentially applicable u.s. federal and state or foreign laws and regulations, and actions by regulatory authorities or changes in legislation and regulation in the jurisdictions in which we operate could have a material adverse effect on our business.
our activities are subject to extensive regulation under the laws of the united states and its various states, the european union and its member states and the other jurisdictions in which we operate. for example, we are subject to regulation by agencies such as the sec in the united states and the fca in the united kingdom, state insurance regulators in the united states and self-regulatory organizations such as finra, as further described above under part i, item 1 - business (regulation) of this report. we are also subject to trade sanctions laws relating to countries such as cuba, iran, russia, sudan and syria, and anti-corruption laws such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and the u.k. bribery act 2010. we are subject to numerous other laws on matters as diverse as internal and disclosure controls and procedures, securities regulation, data privacy and protection, taxation, anti-trust, immigration, wage-and-hour standards and employment and labor relations.
the u.s. and foreign laws and regulations that apply to our operations are complex, and our efforts to comply with these myriad laws and regulations require significant resources. in some cases, these laws and regulations may impose operational limitations on our business, including on the products and services we may offer or on the rates we may charge for our products and services. while we attempt to comply with all applicable laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that we, our employees, our consultants and our contractors and other agents are in full compliance with such laws and regulations or interpretations at all times, or that we will be able to comply with any future laws or regulations. if we fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations, including those referred to above, we may be subject to investigations, criminal penalties or civil remedies, including fines, injunctions, loss of an operating license or approval, increased scrutiny or oversight by regulatory authorities, the suspension of individual employees, limitations on engaging in a particular business or redress to clients. the cost of compliance and the consequences of non-compliance could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. in addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on the company by exposing us to negative publicity and reputational damage or by harming our client or employee relationships.
in most jurisdictions, government regulatory authorities have the power to interpret and amend applicable laws and regulations, and have discretion to grant, renew and revoke the various licenses and approvals we need to conduct our activities. such authorities may require the company to incur substantial costs in order to comply with such laws and regulations. in some areas of our businesses, we act on the basis of our own or the industry's interpretations of applicable laws or regulations, which may conflict from state to state or country to country. in the event those interpretations eventually prove different from the interpretations of regulatory authorities, we may be penalized or precluded from carrying on our previous activities. moreover, the laws and regulations to which we are subject may conflict among the various jurisdictions and countries in which we operate, which increases the likelihood of our businesses being non-compliant in one or more jurisdictions.
we could incur significant liability or our reputation could be damaged if our information systems are breached or we otherwise fail to protect client or company data or information systems.
we rely on the efficient, uninterrupted and secure operation of complex information technology systems and networks to operate our business and securely process, transmit and store electronic information. information technology systems are potentially vulnerable to damage or interruption from a variety of sources, including cyber-attacks, computer viruses and other malware, ransomware and other types of security breaches. our systems are also subject to compromise from improper action by employees, vendors and other third parties with otherwise legitimate access to our systems. we could experience significant harm if our information systems are breached, or sensitive client or company data are compromised.
we are at risk of attack by a growing list of adversaries, be it state-sponsored organizations, organized crime, hackers or "hactivists" (activist hackers), through use of increasingly sophisticated methods of attack, including long-term, persistent attacks referred to as advanced persistent threats. because the
techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or sabotage systems change frequently and generally are not identified until they are launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures, resulting in potential data loss or other damage to information technology systems.
as the breadth and complexity of our infrastructure continues to grow, including as a result of the use of mobile technologies, cloud services, social media and the increased reliance on devices connected to the internet (known as the "internet of things"), the potential risk of security breaches and cyberattacks also increases. although encryption is growing in use as a means to protect data from theft, we may not be able to encrypt the data across our diverse systems. should an attacker gain access to our network using compromised credentials of an authorized user, we are at risk that the attacker might successfully leverage that access to compromise additional systems and data. certain measures that could increase the security of our infrastructure, such as data encryption or deployment of multi-factor authentication, take significant time and resources to deploy broadly. the inability to implement, maintain and upgrade adequate safeguards could have a material adverse effect on our business.
due to the large number of systems and platforms that we operate, the increased frequency at which vendors issue security patches to their products and the need to test patches and, in some cases coordinate with clients and vendors, before they can be deployed, we are at risk that we cannot deploy patches in a timely manner. we are also dependent on third party vendors like cloud service providers to keep their systems patched in order to protect our data. if we, our clients and our vendors are unable to keep our systems patched in a timely manner, our systems may be breached, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.
we have numerous vendors and other third parties who receive personal information from us in connection with the services we offer our clients. a small percentage of them have direct access to our systems. we are at risk of a cyber-attack involving a vendor or other third party, which could result in a breakdown of its data protection processes or the cyber-attackers gaining access to our infrastructure through the third party. to the extent that a vendor or third party suffers a cyberattack that compromises their operations, we could incur significant costs and possible service interruption, which could have an adverse effect on our business.
we have a history of making acquisitions, including 92 acquisitions in the period from 2009-2015. the process of integrating the information systems of the businesses we acquire is complex and exposes us to additional risk. for instance, we may not adequately identify weaknesses in the target's information systems, either before or after the acquisition, which could affect the value we are able to derive from the acquisition, expose us to unexpected liabilities or make our own systems more vulnerable to a cyber-attack. we may also be unable to integrate the systems of the businesses we acquire into our environment in a timely manner, which could further increase these risks until such integration takes place.
our policies, procedures and technical safeguards may be insufficient to prevent or detect improper access to confidential, personal or proprietary information by employees, vendors or other third parties with otherwise legitimate access to our systems. improper access to or disclosure of sensitive client or company information could harm our reputation and subject us to liability under our contracts, as well as under existing or future laws, rules and regulations, resulting in increased legal and other costs and harm to our reputation and our business.
we have from time to time experienced data incidents and cybersecurity breaches, such as malware incursions (including computer viruses and ransomware), users exceeding their data access authorization, employee misconduct, and incidents resulting from human error, such as loss of portable and other data storage devices. like many companies, we are subject to regular phishing email campaigns directed at our employees that can result in malware infections and data losses. although these incidents have resulted in data loss and other damages, to date, they have not had a material adverse effect on our business or operations. in the future, these types of incidents could result in confidential, personal or proprietary information being lost or stolen, including client, employee or company data, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. we also may be unable to detect an incident, assess its severity or impact, or appropriately respond in a timely manner.
privacy laws are proliferating and changing frequently, at times in a manner that creates conflicting demands. we may not be in compliance with all applicable u.s. federal and state or foreign privacy and data protection laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate.
in providing services and solutions to clients, we store sensitive client or company data, including personal data, in multiple jurisdictions. we leverage systems and applications that are spread all over the world requiring us to regularly move data across national borders. we expect these activities to increase in scope and complexity. as a result, we are subject to numerous laws and regulations designed to protect personal data, such as the national laws implementing the european union's data protection directive and various u.s. federal and state laws governing the protection of health or other personally identifiable information. these laws and regulations are frequently changing and are becoming increasingly complex and sometimes conflict among the various jurisdictions and countries in which we provide services. for example, the european union has just reached an agreement on a new general data protection regulation (the gdpr) that greatly increases the jurisdictional reach of its laws and adds a broad array of requirements for handling personal data, such as privacy impact assessments, data portability and the appointment of data protection officers in some cases. other countries are passing data localization laws that require data to stay within their borders. all of these evolving compliance and operational requirements impose significant costs that are likely to increase over time.
unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential client or company data, whether through systems failure, employee negligence, fraud or misappropriation, could subject us to significant litigation, monetary damages, regulatory enforcement actions, fines and criminal prosecution in one or more jurisdictions. under the gdpr, certain violations may trigger a fine of up to 4% of a corporation's global annual revenue. such events could also result in negative publicity and damage to our reputation, and cause us to lose clients, and could therefore have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. our liability insurance, which includes cyber insurance, may not be sufficient in type or amount to cover us against claims related to security breaches, cyberattacks and other related breaches.
financial risks our pension obligations could cause the company's financial position, earnings and cash flows to fluctuate.
the company has significant pension obligations to its current and former employees, totaling approximately $14.8 billion, and related plan assets of approximately $14.0 billion, at december 31, 2015. the company's policy for funding its tax-qualified defined benefit retirement plans is to contribute amounts at least sufficient to meet the funding requirements set forth by u.s. law and the laws of the non-u.s. jurisdictions in which the company offers defined benefit plans. in the united states, contributions to the tax-qualified defined benefit plans are based on erisa guidelines. contribution rates for non-u.s. plans are generally based on local funding practices and statutory requirements, which may differ from measurements under u.s. gaap. in the united kingdom, for example, contributions to defined benefit pension plans are based on statutory requirements and are determined through a negotiation process between the company and the plans' trustee. this negotiation process is governed by u.k. pension regulations. certain of the assumptions that result from the funding negotiations are different from those used for u.s. gaap and currently result in a lower funded status than under u.s. gaap.
during 2015, the company contributed $29 million to its u.s. pension plans and $166 million to its non-u.s. pension plans. the calculations relating to our defined benefit pension plans are complex. as indicated in note 8 to our consolidated financial statements, pension plan assets and liabilities, periodic pension expense and future funding amounts are affected by future asset performance, the assumed interest rates we use to discount our pension liabilities, rates of inflation, mortality assumptions and other variables. given the magnitude of our worldwide pension plans, variations in or reassessment of the preceding factors or potential miscalculations relating to our defined benefit pension plans could cause significant fluctuation from year to year in our earnings and cash flow, as well as our pension plan assets, liabilities and equity, and may result in increased levels of contributions to our pension plans.
our results of operations could be adversely affected by macroeconomic conditions and political events around the world and the effects of these conditions and events on our clients' businesses and levels of business activity.
macroeconomic conditions and political events around the world affect our clients' businesses and the markets they serve. these conditions may reduce demand for our services or depress pricing for those services, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. changes in macroeconomic and political conditions could also shift demand to services for which we do not have a competitive advantage, and this could negatively affect the amount of business that we are able to obtain. if the demand for our products and services declines as a result of macroeconomic conditions, political events or other factors, we may be required to restructure our business, which could adversely affect our ability to execute our business strategy.
our investments, including our minority investments in other companies as well as our cash investments and those held in a fiduciary capacity, are subject to general credit, liquidity, counterparty, market and interest rate risks. these may be exacerbated by global macroeconomic conditions, market volatility and regulatory, financial and other difficulties affecting the companies in which we have invested or that may be faced by financial institution counterparties. during times of stress in the banking industry, counterparty risk can quickly escalate, potentially resulting in substantial trading and investment losses for corporate and other investors. in addition, we may incur investment losses as a result of unusual and unpredictable market developments, and we may continue to experience reduced investment earnings if the yields on investments deemed to be low risk remain at or near their current low levels. if the banking system or the fixed income, interest rate, credit or equity markets deteriorate, the value and liquidity of our investments could be adversely affected.
our significant non-u.s. operations expose us to exchange rate fluctuations and various risks that could impact our business.
we are subject to exchange rate movement because some of our subsidiaries receive revenue other than in their functional currencies and because we must translate the financial results of our foreign subsidiaries into u.s. dollars. our u.s. operations earn revenue and incur expenses primarily in u.s. dollars. in certain jurisdictions, however, our risk and insurance services operations generate revenue in a number of different currencies, but expenses are almost entirely incurred in local currency. due to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, we are subject to economic exposure as well as currency translation exposure on the profits of our operations. because the non-u.s. based revenue that is exposed to foreign exchange fluctuations is approximately 51% of total revenue, exchange rate movement can have a significant impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. for additional discussion, see "market risk and credit risk-foreign currency risk" in part ii, item 7a ("quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk") of this report.
the company is organized as a legal entity separate and distinct from our operating subsidiaries. because we do not have significant operations of our own, we are dependent upon dividends and other payments from our operating subsidiaries to meet our obligations for paying principal and interest on outstanding debt obligations, paying dividends to stockholders, repurchasing our common stock under our share repurchase program and paying corporate expenses. in the event our operating subsidiaries are unable to pay sufficient dividends and make other payments to the company, we may not be able to service our debt, pay dividends on or repurchase our common stock or meet our other obligations.
further, the company derives a significant portion of its revenue and operating profit from operating subsidiaries located outside the united states. funds from current year's earnings of the company's non-u.s. operating subsidiaries are regularly repatriated to the united states. a number of factors could arise that could limit our ability to repatriate funds or could make repatriation cost-prohibitive, including, but not limited to, the imposition of currency controls and other government restrictions on repatriation in the jurisdictions in which our subsidiaries operate, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, the imposition of withholding and other taxes on such payments and our ability to repatriate earnings in a tax-efficient manner.
in the event we are unable to generate or repatriate cash from our operating subsidiaries for any of the reasons discussed above, our overall liquidity could deteriorate and our ability to finance our obligations, including to pay dividends on or repurchase our common stock, could be adversely affected.
credit rating downgrades would increase our financing costs and could subject us to operational risk.
if we need to raise capital in the future (for example, in order to fund maturing debt obligations or finance acquisitions or other initiatives), credit rating downgrades would increase our financing costs, and could limit our access to financing sources. further, we believe that a downgrade to a rating below investment-grade could result in greater operational risks through increased operating costs and increased competitive pressures.
our quarterly revenues and profitability may fluctuate significantly.
quarterly variations in revenues and operating results may occur due to several factors. these include:
•   the possibility that clients may decide to delay or terminate a current or anticipated project as a result of factors unrelated to our work product or progress;
•   fluctuations in hiring and utilization rates and clients' ability to terminate engagements without penalty;
•   seasonality due to the impact of regulatory deadlines, policy renewals and other timing factors to which our clients are subject;
•   the success of our acquisitions or investments;
•   macroeconomic factors such as changes in foreign exchange rates, interest rates and global securities markets, particularly in the case of mercer, where fees in its investments business and certain other business lines are derived from the value of assets under management or administration; and
•   general economic conditions, since results of operations are directly affected by the levels of business activity of our clients, which in turn are affected by the level of economic activity in the industries and markets that they serve.
a significant portion of our total operating expenses is relatively fixed in the short term. therefore, a variation in the number of client assignments or in the timing of the initiation or the completion of client assignments can cause significant variations in quarterly operating results for these businesses.
our business depends on our ability to successfully obtain payment from our clients of the amounts they owe us for the work we perform. accounts receivable typically total about one-quarter of our total annual revenues. in most cases, we bill and collect on relatively short cycles. there is no guarantee that we will accurately assess the creditworthiness of our clients. macroeconomic conditions could result in financial difficulties for our clients, which could cause clients to delay payments to us, request modifications to their payment arrangements that could increase our receivables balance or default on their payment obligations to us. timely collection of client balances also depends on our ability to complete our contractual commitments and bill and collect our contracted revenues. if we are unable to meet our contractual requirements, we might experience delays in collection of, or be unable to collect, our client balances, and if this occurs, our results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected. in addition, if we experience an increase in the time it takes to bill and collect for our services, our cash flows could be adversely affected.
market perceptions concerning the instability of the euro could adversely affect the company's operating results as well as the value of the company's euro-denominated assets.
concerns persist regarding the ability of certain eurozone countries to service their debt obligations. as a result, a number of these countries have undertaken a variety of actions, such as cutting spending and raising taxes, designed to ease their future debt burdens. a potential consequence may be stagnant growth, or even recession, in the eurozone economies and beyond. any of these developments could lead to further contraction in the eurozone economies, adversely affecting our operating results in the region. the company may also face increased credit risk as our clients and financial institution counterparties in the region find themselves with reduced resources to meet their obligations. finally, the value of the company's assets held in the eurozone, including cash holdings, will decline if the currency devalues.
global operations we are exposed to multiple risks associated with the global nature of our operations.
we do business worldwide. in 2015, 51% of the company's total revenue was generated from operations outside the united states, and over one-half of our employees were located outside the united states. we expect to expand our non-u.s. operations further.
the geographic breadth of our activities subjects us to significant legal, economic, operational, market, compliance and reputational risks. these include, among others, risks relating to:
•   economic and political conditions in the countries in which we operate;
•   unexpected increases in taxes or changes in u.s. or foreign tax laws or rulings;
•   withholding or other taxes that foreign governments may impose on the payment of dividends or other remittances to us from our non-u.s. subsidiaries;
•   potential transfer pricing-related tax exposures that may result from the allocation of u.s.-based costs that benefit our non-u.s. businesses;
•   potential conflicts of interest that may arise as we expand the scope of our businesses and our client base;
•   international hostilities, terrorist activities, natural disasters and infrastructure disruptions;
•   local investment or other financial restrictions that foreign governments may impose;
•   potential costs and difficulties in complying with a wide variety of foreign laws and regulations (including tax systems) administered by foreign government agencies, some of which may conflict with u.s. or other sources of law;
•   potential costs and difficulties in complying, or monitoring compliance, with foreign and u.s. laws and regulations that are applicable to our operations abroad, including trade sanctions laws relating to countries such as cuba, iran, russia, sudan and syria and anti-corruption laws such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and the u.k. bribery act 2010;
•   limitations or restrictions that foreign or u.s. governments and regulators may impose on the products or services we sell or the methods by which we sell our products and services;
•   limitations that foreign governments may impose on the conversion of currency or the payment of dividends or other remittances to us from our non-u.s. subsidiaries;
•   engaging and relying on third parties to perform services on behalf of the company; and
•   potential difficulties in monitoring employees in geographically dispersed locations.
our inability to successfully recover should we experience a disaster or other business continuity problem could cause material financial loss, loss of human capital, regulatory actions, reputational harm or legal liability.
should we experience a local or regional disaster or other business continuity problem, such as an earthquake, hurricane, flood, terrorist attack, pandemic, security breach, cyber attack, power loss, telecommunications failure or other natural or man-made disaster, our ability to continue to operate will depend, in part, on the availability of our personnel, our office facilities and the proper functioning of our computer, telecommunication and other related systems and operations. in such an event, we could experience operational challenges that could have a material adverse effect on our business.
our operations depend upon our ability to protect our technology infrastructure against damage from events that could have a significant disruptive effect. we could potentially lose client or company data or experience material adverse interruptions to our operations or delivery of services to our clients in a disaster recovery scenario. in particular, a cyber-attack on us or a key vendor or supplier could result in a significant and extended disruption in the functioning of our information technology systems or operations, requiring us to incur significant expense to address and remediate or otherwise resolve such issues. an extended service outage may result in the loss of clients and a decline in our revenues.
we regularly assess and take steps to improve our existing business continuity plans and key management succession. however, a disaster or other continuity event on a significant scale or affecting certain of our key operating areas within or across regions, or our inability to successfully recover from such an event, could materially interrupt our business operations and result in material financial loss, loss of human capital, regulatory actions, reputational harm, damaged client relationships and legal liability.
competitive risks each of the company's businesses operates in a highly competitive environment. if we fail to compete effectively against our competitors, some of which have lower effective tax rates, our business, results of operations and financial condition will be impacted adversely.
as a global professional services firm, the company faces acute and continuous competition in each of its operating segments. our ability to compete successfully depends on a variety of factors, including the quality and expertise of our colleagues, our geographic reach, the sophistication and quality of our services, our pricing relative to competitors, our customers' ability to self-insure or use internal resources instead of consultants and our ability to respond to changes in client demand and industry conditions. some of our competitors may have greater financial resources, or may be better positioned to respond to technological and other changes in the industries we serve, and they may be able to compete more effectively. if we are unable to respond successfully to the competition we face, our business, results of operations and financial condition will be adversely impacted.
in addition, given the global breadth of our operations, the company derives a significant portion of its revenue and operating profit from operating subsidiaries located outside the united states. funds from the company's non-u.s. operating subsidiaries are regularly repatriated to the united states out of annual earnings to pay dividends to stockholders, fund share repurchases and for other corporate purposes. the company's consolidated tax rate is higher than a number of its key competitors that are domiciled outside the united states where corporate tax rates are lower than the u.s. statutory tax rate. the higher consolidated tax rate at which our earnings are taxed could have an adverse impact on our ability to compete with a number of our competitors.
in our risk and insurance services segment, in addition to the challenges posed by capital market alternatives to traditional insurance and reinsurance, we compete intensely against a wide range of other insurance and reinsurance brokerage firms that operate on a global, regional, national or local scale for both client business and employee talent. we compete as well with insurance and reinsurance companies that market and service their insurance products without the assistance of brokers or other market intermediaries, and with various other companies that provide risk-related services or alternatives to traditional brokerage services. this competition is intensified by an industry trend toward a "syndicated" or "distributed" approach to the purchase of insurance and reinsurance brokerage services, whereby a client engages multiple brokers to service different portions of the client's account.
in our consulting segment, we compete for business and employee talent with numerous consulting firms and organizations affiliated with accounting, information systems, technology and financial services firms around the world. through these affiliations, such competitors may be able to offer more comprehensive products and services to potential clients, which may give them a competitive advantage.
the loss of key professionals could hurt our ability to retain existing client revenues and generate revenues from new business.
across all of our businesses, our colleagues are critical to developing and retaining the client relationships performing the service on which our revenues depend. it is therefore important for us to retain significant revenue-producing employees and the key managerial and other professionals who support them. we face numerous challenges in this regard, including the intense competition for talent in all of our businesses and the general mobility of professionals in our businesses.
losing employees who manage or support substantial client relationships or possess substantial experience or expertise could adversely affect our ability to secure and complete client engagements, which could adversely affect our results of operations. and, subject to applicable restrictive covenants, if any of our key professionals were to join an existing competitor or form a competing company, some of our clients could choose to use the services of that competitor instead of our services.
our businesses face rapid technological changes and our failure to adequately anticipate or respond to these changes or to successfully implement strategic initiatives to address them could adversely affect our business and results of operations.
to remain competitive in many of our business areas, we must anticipate and respond effectively to the threat of digital disruption and other technological change. we must also identify relevant technologies and methodologies and integrate them into our product and service offerings. we may not be able to do this effectively. we have a number of strategic initiatives involving investments in technology systems and infrastructure to support our growth strategy. in addition to new platforms and systems, we are deploying new processes and many of our colleagues across the business are changing the way they perform certain roles to capture efficiencies. in some cases, we depend on key vendors and partners to provide technology and other support for our strategic initiatives. if these vendors or partners fail to perform their obligations or otherwise cease to work with us, our ability to execute on our strategic initiatives could be adversely affected. if we do not keep up with technological changes or execute well on our strategic initiatives, our business and results of operations could be adversely impacted.
consolidation in the industries we serve could adversely affect our business.
companies in the industries that we serve may seek to achieve economies of scale and other synergies by combining with or acquiring other companies. if two or more of our current clients merge or consolidate and combine their operations, it may decrease the amount of work that we perform for these clients. if one of our current clients merges or consolidates with a company that relies on another provider for its services, we may lose work from that client or lose the opportunity to gain additional work. any of these or similar possible results of industry consolidation could adversely affect our business. guy carpenter is especially susceptible to this risk given the limited number of insurance company clients and reinsurers in the marketplace.
acquisitions and dispositions we face risks when we acquire and dispose of businesses.
we have a history of making acquisitions, including a total of 92 acquisitions in the period 2009-2015 for aggregate purchase consideration of $4.2 billion. we expect that acquisitions will continue to be a key part of our business strategy. our success in this regard will depend on our ability to identify and compete for appropriate acquisition candidates and to complete with favorable results the transactions we decide to pursue.
while we intend that our acquisitions will improve our competitiveness and profitability, we cannot be certain that our past or future acquisitions will be accretive to earnings or otherwise meet our operational or strategic expectations. acquisitions involve special risks, including accounting, regulatory, compliance, information technology or human resources issues that could arise in connection with, or as a result of,
the acquisition of the acquired company; the assumption of unanticipated liabilities and contingencies; difficulties in integrating acquired businesses; and the inability of acquired businesses to achieve the levels of revenue, profit or productivity we anticipate or otherwise perform as we expect. in addition, if in the future, the performance of our reporting units or an acquired business varies from our projections or assumptions, or estimates about future profitability of our reporting units or an acquired business change, the estimated fair value of our reporting units or an acquired business could change materially and could result in an impairment of goodwill and other acquisition-related intangible assets recorded on our balance sheet or in adjustments in contingent payment amounts. as of december 31, 2015, the company's consolidated balance sheet reflected $8.9 billion of goodwill and intangible assets, representing approximately 49% of the company's total consolidated assets and allocated by reporting segment as follows: risk and insurance services, $6.5 billion and consulting, $2.4 billion. given the significant size of the company's goodwill and intangible assets, an impairment could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in any given period.
when we dispose of businesses, we are subject to the risk, contractually agreed or otherwise, that we will continue to be subject to the liabilities of that business after its disposition. for example, as described in note 15 to our consolidated financial statements included under part ii, item 8 of this report, we have retained certain contingent litigation liabilities relating to our disposition of kroll.
risks relating to our risk and insurance services segment our risk and insurance services segment, conducted through marsh and guy carpenter, represented 53% of the company's total revenue in 2015. our business in this segment is subject to particular risks.
results in our risk and insurance services segment may be adversely affected by a general decline in economic activity.
demand for many types of insurance and reinsurance generally rises or falls as economic growth expands or slows. this dynamic affects the level of commissions and fees generated by marsh and guy carpenter. to the extent our clients become adversely affected by declining business conditions, they may choose to limit their purchases of insurance and reinsurance coverage, as applicable, which would inhibit our ability to generate commission revenue. also, the insurance they seek to obtain through us may be impacted by changes in their assets, property values, sales or number of employees, which may reduce our commission revenue, and they may decide not to purchase our risk advisory services, which would inhibit our ability to generate fee revenue. moreover, insolvencies and combinations associated with an economic downturn, especially insolvencies and combinations in the insurance industry, could adversely affect our brokerage business through the loss of clients or by hampering our ability to place insurance and reinsurance business. guy carpenter is especially susceptible to this risk given the limited number of insurance company clients and reinsurers in the market place.
allegations of conflicts of interest, adverse legal developments and future regulations concerning compensation we receive from insurers could have a material adverse effect on marsh's business, results of operations and financial condition.
the method by which insurance intermediaries are compensated has received substantial scrutiny from regulators in the past because of the potential for conflicts of interest. the potential for conflicts of interest arises when an intermediary is compensated by two parties in connection with the same or similar transactions. the vast majority of the compensation that marsh receives is in the form of retail commissions and fees that are paid by the client or paid from premium that is paid by the client. the amount of compensation that we receive from insurance companies, separate from retail commissions and fees, has increased significantly in the last several years, both organically and through acquisition. this compensation includes payment for, among other things (i) consulting and analytics services provided to insurers and (ii) administrative and other services provided to or on behalf of insurers (including services relating to the administration and management of quota shares, panels and other facilities in which insurers participate). it also takes the form of contingent commission, which is paid by insurers based on the attainment of specified goals relating to marsh's placements, particularly at marsh & mclennan agency and in parts of marsh's international operations. future changes in the regulatory environment may impact our ability to collect these revenue streams. in addition, these revenues present potential regulatory, litigation and reputational risks that may arise from alleged conflicts of interest or
allegations under antitrust, competition and other laws. adverse regulatory, legal or other developments regarding these revenues could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition, expose us to negative publicity and reputational damage and harm our client, insurer or other relationships.
volatility or declines in premiums and other market trends may significantly impede our ability to improve revenues and profitability.
a significant portion of our risk and insurance services revenue consists of commissions paid to us out of the premiums that insurers and reinsurers charge our clients for coverage. our revenues and profitability are subject to change to the extent that premium rates fluctuate or trend in a particular direction. the potential for changes in premium rates is significant, due to the general phenomenon of pricing cyclicality in the commercial insurance and reinsurance markets.
in addition to movements in premium rates, our ability to generate premium-based commission revenue may be challenged by the growing availability of alternative methods for clients to meet their risk-protection needs. this trend includes a greater willingness on the part of corporations to "self-insure," the use of so-called "captive" insurers, and the advent of capital markets-based solutions to traditional insurance and reinsurance needs. further, the profitability of our risk and insurances services segment depends in part on our ability to be compensated, not only for insurance and reinsurance transactions, but also for the increasing analytical services and advice that we provide. if we are unable to achieve and maintain adequate billing rates for all of our services, our margins and profitability could decline.
risks relating to our consulting segment our consulting segment, conducted through mercer and oliver wyman group, represented 47% of our total revenue in 2015. our businesses in this segment are subject to particular risks.
revenues for our services may decline for various reasons, including as a result of changes in economic conditions, the value of equity, debt and other asset markets, our clients' or an industry's financial condition or government regulation.
global economic conditions over the past several years have negatively affected businesses and financial institutions. many of our clients, including financial institutions, corporations, government entities and pension plans, have been reducing expenses, including amounts spent on consulting services. the evolving needs and financial circumstances of our clients may reduce demand for our services and our revenues and profitability. if the economy or markets in which we operate experience continued weakness at current levels or deteriorate further, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
in addition, some segments of mercer's investments business generate fees based upon the value of the clients' assets under management or advisement. changes in the value of equity, debt, currency, real estate, commodities or other asset classes could cause the value of assets under management or advisement, and the fees received by mercer, to decline. such changes could also cause clients to withdraw funds from mercer's investment business in favor of other asset management strategies. in either case, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
demand for many of mercer's benefits services is affected by government regulation and tax rules, which drive our clients' needs for benefits-related services. significant changes in government regulations affecting the value, use or delivery of benefits and human resources programs, including changes in regulations relating to health and welfare plans, defined contribution plans or defined benefit plans, may adversely affect the demand for or profitability of mercer's services.
factors affecting defined benefit pension plans and the services we provide relating to those plans could adversely affect mercer.
mercer currently provides corporate, multi-employer and public clients with actuarial, consulting and administration services relating to defined benefit pension plans. the nature of our work is complex. our actuarial services involve numerous assumptions and estimates regarding future events, including interest rates used to discount future liabilities, estimated rates of return for a plan's assets, healthcare cost trends, salary projections and participants' life expectancies. our consulting services involve the
drafting and interpretation of trust deeds and other complex documentation governing pension plans. our administration services include calculating benefits within complicated pension plan structures. clients dissatisfied with our services have brought, and may bring, significant claims against us, particularly in the united states and the united kingdom. in addition, a number of mercer's clients have frozen or curtailed their defined benefit plans and have moved to defined contribution plans resulting in reduced revenue for mercer's retirement business. these developments could adversely affect mercer's business and operating results.
mercer's investment business is subject to a number of risks, including risks related to third-party investment managers, operational risk, conflicts of interest, asset performance and regulatory compliance, that, if realized, could result in significant damage to our business.
mercer's investment business provides clients with investment consulting and investment management (referred to as "delegated solutions") services. in the investment consulting business, clients make and implement their own investment policy decisions based upon advice provided by mercer. in its delegated solutions business, mercer implements the client's investment policy by engaging and overseeing independent investment managers who determine which securities to buy and sell (typically through the client's investment in mercer's "manager of managers" funds).
mercer's investment business is subject to a number of risks, including risks related to third-parties, our operations, conflicts of interest, asset performance and regulatory compliance, which could arise in connection with these offerings. for example, mercer's due diligence on an investment manager may fail to uncover material deficiencies or fraud that could result in investment losses to a client. there is a risk that mercer will fail to properly implement a client's investment policy, which could cause an incorrect or untimely allocation of client assets among investment managers or strategies. mercer may also be perceived as recommending certain investment managers to clients, or offering delegated solutions to an investment consulting client, solely to enhance its own compensation. asset classes may perform poorly, or investment managers may underperform their benchmarks, due to poor market performance, negligence or other reasons, resulting in poor returns or loss of client capital. these risks, if realized, could result in significant liability and damage our business.
our profitability may decline if we are unable to achieve or maintain adequate utilization and pricing rates for our consultants.
the profitability of our consulting businesses depends in part on ensuring that our consultants maintain adequate utilization rates (i.e., the percentage of our consultants' working hours devoted to billable activities). our utilization rates are affected by a number of factors, including:
•   our ability to transition consultants promptly from completed projects to new assignments, and to engage newly-hired consultants quickly in revenue-generating activities;
•   our ability to continually secure new business engagements, particularly because a portion of our work is project-based rather than recurring in nature;
•   our ability to forecast demand for our services and thereby maintain appropriate headcount in each of our geographies and workforces;
•   our ability to manage attrition;
•   unanticipated changes in the scope of client engagements;
•   the potential for conflicts of interest that might require us to decline client engagements that we otherwise would have accepted;
•   our need to devote time and resources to sales, training, professional development and other non-billable activities;
•   the potential disruptive impact of acquisitions and dispositions; and
•   general economic conditions.
if the utilization rate for our consulting professionals declines, our profit margin and profitability could decline.
in addition, the profitability of our consulting businesses depends in part on the prices we are able to charge for our services. the prices we charge are affected by a number of factors, including:
•   clients' perception of our ability to add value through our services;
•   market demand for the services we provide;
•   our ability to develop new services and the introduction of new services by competitors;
•   the pricing policies of our competitors;
•   the extent to which our clients develop in-house or other capabilities to perform the services that they might otherwise purchase from us; and
•   general economic conditions.
if we are unable to achieve and maintain adequate billing rates for our services, our profit margin and profitability could decline.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations general marsh & mclennan companies, inc. and subsidiaries (the "company") is a global professional services firm offering clients advice and solutions in risk, strategy and people. it is the parent company of a number of leading risk experts and specialty consultants, including: marsh, the insurance broker, intermediary and risk advisor; guy carpenter, the risk and reinsurance specialist; mercer, the provider of hr and related financial advice and services; and oliver wyman group, the management, economic and brand consultancy. with approximately 60,000 employees worldwide and annual revenue of nearly $13 billion, the company provides analysis, advice and transactional capabilities to clients in more than 130 countries.
the company conducts business through two segments:
•   risk and insurance services includes risk management activities (risk advice, risk transfer and risk control and mitigation solutions) as well as insurance and reinsurance broking and services. we conduct business in this segment through marsh and guy carpenter.
•   consulting includes health, retirement, talent and investments consulting services and products, and specialized management, economic and brand consulting services. we conduct business in this segment through mercer and oliver wyman group.
we describe the primary sources of revenue and categories of expense for each segment below, in our discussion of segment financial results. a reconciliation of segment operating income to total operating income is included in note 16 to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 in this report. the accounting policies used for each segment are the same as those used for the consolidated financial statements.
this management's discussion & analysis ("md&a") contains forward-looking statements as that term is defined in the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. see "information concerning forward-looking statements" at the outset of this report.
consolidated results of operations for the years ended december 31,(in millions, except per share figures)        2015            2014            2013
expense compensation and benefits                                                     7,334           7,515           7,226
net income before non-controlling interests                                  $1,636          $1,497          $1,385
consolidated operating income increased 5% to $2.4 billion in 2015 compared with $2.3 billion in 2014, reflecting the combined impact of a slight decrease in revenue and a 2% decrease in expenses as compared to the prior year. the company achieved this growth despite significant foreign exchange headwinds, caused by the strengthened u.s. dollar, which had the effect of reducing the translated value of the company's foreign earnings.
diluted net income per share from continuing operations was $2.98, compared to $2.61 last year, reflecting a $160 million increase in net income as well as a 3% decrease in the average number of diluted shares outstanding as compared to the same period last year. shares issued related to the vesting of share awards and exercise of employee stock options were more than offset by share repurchases over the past four quarters.
risk and insurance services operating income increased $30 million or 2% in 2015 compared with 2014. revenue decreased 1%, but increased 3% on an underlying basis, to $6.9 billion in 2015, reflecting underlying revenue growth of 3% at marsh and 2% at guy carpenter, while expenses decreased 2%, but increased 2% on an underlying basis.
consulting operating income increased $80 million or 8% to $1.1 billion in 2015 compared with 2014, reflecting flat revenue, but an increase of 5% on an underlying basis. expense decreased 1%, but increased 4% on an underlying basis. mercer and oliver wyman recorded underlying revenue growth of 4% and 7%, respectively, in 2015 as compared to 2014. the operating income and revenue in 2015 include a pre-tax gain of $37 million from the sale of mercer's u.s. defined contribution recordkeeping business.
consolidated operating income increased 11% to $2.3 billion in 2014 compared with $2.1 billion in 2013. this reflects the combined impact of a 6% increase in revenue and a 5% increase in expense.
risk and insurance services operating income increased $88 million or 6% in 2014 compared with 2013. revenue increased 5%, or 3% on an underlying basis, to $6.9 billion in 2014, reflecting underlying revenue growth of 4% at marsh and 2% at guy carpenter, while expenses increased 5%, or 3% on an underlying basis.
consulting operating income increased $151 million or 18% to $996 million in 2014 compared with 2013, reflecting a 6% increase in revenue and a 4% increase in expense. mercer and oliver wyman recorded underlying revenue growth of 3% and 15%, respectively, in 2014 as compared to 2013.
consolidated net income attributable to the company was $1.6 billion in 2015, compared with $1.5 billion in 2014 and $1.4 billion in 2013.
consolidated revenue and expense because the company conducts business in many countries, foreign exchange rate movements may impact period-to-period comparisons of revenue. similarly, the revenue impact of acquisitions and dispositions may affect period-to-period comparisons of revenue. underlying revenue measures the change in revenue from one period to another by isolating these impacts. the impact of foreign currency exchange fluctuations, acquisitions and dispositions, including transfers among businesses and other items, on the company's operating revenues is as follows:
year endeddecember 31,                                                                                          components of revenue change*
(in millions, except percentage figures)        2015                    2014               % change gaaprevenue      currencyimpact           acquisitions/dispositionsimpact           underlyingrevenue risk and insurance services marsh                                         $5,727                  $5,753                     -                     (7   )%                            3                 %                3          %
*   components of revenue change may not add due to rounding.
the following table provides more detailed revenue information for certain of the components presented above:
year endeddecember 31,                                                                                          components of revenue change*
(in millions, except percentage figures)        2015                    2014               % change gaaprevenue      currencyimpact           acquisitions/dispositionsimpact           underlyingrevenue marsh:
investments                                      818                     836                    (2   )%               (12   )%                            2                 %                7          %
underlying revenue measures the change in revenue using consistent currency exchange rates, excluding the impact of certain items that affect comparability such as: acquisitions, dispositions and transfers among businesses. the impact of a $37 million gain in 2015 from the disposal of mercer's u.s. defined contribution recordkeeping business is included in acquisitions/dispositions in mercer's retirement business.
*                                                                                                                                                                                                                  components of revenue change may not add due to rounding.
year endeddecember 31,                                                                                           components of revenue change*
(in millions, except percentage figures)        2014                    2013                % change gaaprevenue      currencyimpact           acquisitions/dispositionsimpact           underlyingrevenue risk and insurance services marsh                                         $5,753                  $5,438                      6            %        (1   )%                            3                 %                4          %
*   components of revenue change may not add due to rounding.
the following table provides more detailed revenue information for certain of the components presented above:
year endeddecember 31,                                                                                          components of revenue change*
(in millions, except percentage figures)            2014                    2013               % change gaaprevenue      currencyimpact         acquisitions/dispositionsimpact             underlyingrevenue marsh:
investments                                          836                     780                     7            %        (3   )%                            1   %                              9          %
underlying revenue measures the change in revenue using consistent currency exchange rates, excluding the impact of certain items that affect comparability such as: acquisitions, dispositions and transfers among businesses.
*                                                                                                                 components of revenue change may not add due to rounding.
revenue consolidated revenue was $12.9 billion in 2015, a slight decrease from last year, but an increase of 4% on an underlying basis. revenue in the risk and insurance services segment decreased 1% in 2015 compared with 2014, but increased 3% on an underlying basis. revenue increased 3% and 2% on an underlying basis at marsh and guy carpenter, respectively, as compared to 2014. the consulting
consolidated revenue of $13 billion in 2014 increased 6%, or 5% on an underlying basis, compared with $12.3 billion in 2013. revenue in the risk and insurance services segment increased 5% in 2014 compared with 2013, or 3% on an underlying basis, with underlying revenue growth of 4% at marsh and 2% at guy carpenter. the consulting segment's revenue increased 6% on both a reported and underlying basis. on an underlying basis, mercer's revenue was up 3% in 2014 compared with 2013, while revenue of the oliver wyman group increased 15%.
operating expense consolidated operating expenses decreased 2% in 2015 compared with the same period in 2014, but increased 3% on an underlying basis. the increase in underlying expenses primarily reflects higher base salary, bonus, and higher defined benefit and defined contribution plan costs ("retirement benefit costs"), partly offset by the impact of the net benefit from the termination of the company's post-65 retiree medical reimbursement plan in the u.s. (the "rra plan").
consolidated operating expenses increased 5% in 2014 compared with the same period in 2013 and 4% on an underlying basis. the increase in underlying expenses primarily reflects higher incentive compensation, facilities and software amortization costs, partly offset by lower pension costs.
risk and insurance services in the risk and insurance services segment, the company's subsidiaries and other affiliated entities act as brokers, agents or consultants for insureds, insurance underwriters and other brokers in the areas of risk management, insurance broking and insurance program management services, primarily under the name of marsh; and engage in reinsurance broking, catastrophe and financial modeling services and related advisory functions, primarily under the name of guy carpenter.
marsh and guy carpenter are compensated for brokerage and consulting services primarily through fees paid by clients and/or commissions paid out of premiums charged by insurance and reinsurance companies. commission rates vary in amount depending upon the type of insurance or reinsurance coverage provided, the particular insurer or reinsurer, the capacity in which the broker acts and negotiations with clients. revenues can be affected by premium rate levels in the insurance/reinsurance markets, the amount of risk retained by insurance and reinsurance clients themselves and by the value of the risks that have been insured since commission-based compensation is frequently related to the premiums paid by insureds/reinsureds. in many cases, fee compensation may be negotiated in advance, based on the type of risk, coverage required, and service provided by the company and ultimately placed into the insurance market or retained by the client. the trends and comparisons of revenue from one period to the next can be affected by changes in premium rate levels, fluctuations in client risk retention, and increases or decreases in the value of risks that have been insured, as well as new and lost business, and the volume of business from new and existing clients.
marsh also receives compensation from insurance companies. this compensation includes, among other things, payment for consulting and analytics services provided to insurers; administrative and other services provided to or on behalf of insurers (including services relating to the administration and management of quota share, panels and other facilities in which insurers participate); and contingent commissions. marsh and guy carpenter receive interest income on certain funds (such as premiums and claims proceeds) held in a fiduciary capacity for others. the investment of fiduciary funds is regulated by state and other insurance authorities. these regulations typically require segregation of fiduciary funds and limit the types of investments that may be made with them. interest income from these investments varies depending on the amount of funds invested and applicable interest rates, both of which vary from time to time. for presentation purposes, fiduciary interest is segregated from the other revenues of marsh and guy carpenter and separately presented within the segment, as shown in the revenue by segments charts earlier in this md&a.
the results of operations for the risk and insurance services segment are presented below:
compensation and benefits       3,629               3,781               3,618
revenue revenue in the risk and insurance services segment decreased 1%, but increased 3% on an underlying basis, in 2015 compared with 2014.
in marsh, revenue of $5.7 billion, was essentially flat on a reported basis in 2015 as compared to 2014, reflecting a 3% increase on an underlying basis and a 3% increase from acquisitions, offset by a 7% decrease resulting from the impact of foreign currency translation. the underlying revenue increase reflects growth in all major geographies. international operations had underlying revenue growth of 3% reflecting increases of 8% in latin america, 2% in asia pacific and 2% in emea, while u.s./canada increased 3%.
guy carpenter's revenue decreased 3% to $1.1 billion in 2015 compared with 2014, but increased 2% on an underlying basis.
fiduciary interest income was $21 million in 2015 compared to $24 million in 2014 due to lower average invested funds combined with lower interest rates.
the risk and insurance services segment completed thirteen acquisitions during 2015. acquisition details can be found in note 4 to the consolidated financial statements.
revenue in the risk and insurance services segment increased 5%, or 3% on an underlying basis, in 2014 compared with 2013.
in marsh, revenue grew to $5.8 billion or 6% in 2014 as compared to 2013, reflecting a 4% increase on an underlying basis and a 3% increase from acquisitions, partly offset by a 1% decrease resulting from the impact of foreign currency translation. the underlying revenue increase reflects growth in all major geographies driven by strong new business, particularly in countries such as the u.s., canada, and the u.k., as well as in africa. international operations had underlying revenue growth of 5% reflecting increases of 10% in latin america, 7% in asia pacific and 3% in emea, while u.s./canada increased 3%.
guy carpenter's revenue increased 2% to $1.2 billion in 2014 compared with 2013 on both a reported and an underlying basis, reflecting growth across the u.s., u.k. facultative, asia and global specialties such as aviation and marine.
fiduciary interest income was $24 million in 2014 compared to $27 million in 2013 due to lower average invested funds combined with lower interest rates.
the risk and insurance segment completed fifteen acquisitions during 2014.
expense expenses in the risk and insurance services segment decreased 2% on a reported basis, but increased 2% on an underlying basis, in 2015 compared with 2014. the impact of foreign currency translation reduced expenses by 7%, partly offset by a 3% increase related to acquisitions. the increase in underlying expenses reflects higher base salaries, incentive compensation and retirement benefit costs, higher amortization of intangible assets and charges for adjustments to acquisition-related contingent consideration liabilities, partly offset by the impact of the net benefit from the termination of the rra plan.
expenses in the risk and insurance services segment increased 5% on a reported basis and 3% on an underlying basis in 2014 compared with 2013. the increase in expenses on an underlying basis is
primarily due to higher base salaries, incentive compensation, facilities and intangible asset amortization expenses, partly offset by lower defined benefit pension costs.
consulting the company conducts business in its consulting segment through two main business groups. mercer provides consulting expertise, advice, services and solutions in the areas of health, retirement, talent and investments. oliver wyman group provides specialized management, economic and brand consulting services.
the major component of revenue in the consulting business is fees paid by clients for advice and services. mercer, principally through its health line of business, also earns revenue in the form of commissions received from insurance companies for the placement of group (and occasionally individual) insurance contracts, primarily life, health and accident coverages. revenue for mercer's investment management business and certain of mercer's defined contribution administration services consists principally of fees based on assets under management and/or administration.
revenue in the consulting segment is affected by, among other things, global economic conditions, including changes in clients' particular industries and markets. revenue is also affected by competition due to the introduction of new products and services, broad trends in employee demographics, including levels of employment, the effect of government policies and regulations, and fluctuations in interest and foreign exchange rates. revenues from the provision of investment management services and retirement trust and administrative services are significantly affected by the level of assets under management and securities market performance.
reimbursable expenses incurred by professional staff in the generation of revenue and sub-advisory fees incurred by the majority of funds are included on a gross basis in the investment management business in revenue and the related expenses are included in other operating expenses.
the results of operations for the consulting segment are presented below:
compensation and benefits       3,354               3,398               3,269
revenue consulting revenue in 2015, was essentially flat compared to 2014, reflecting a 5% increase on an underlying basis and a 2% increase related to acquisitions, offset by a 7% decrease from the impact of foreign currency translation. mercer's revenue was $4.3 billion in 2015, a decrease of 1%, but an increase of 4% on an underlying basis. the year over year revenue change also reflects an increase of 2% from acquisitions/dispositions, offset by a decrease of 7% from the impact of foreign currency translation. mercer's revenue includes a $37 million gain from the disposal of its u.s. defined contribution recordkeeping business, and is reflected in the 2% impact from acquisitions/dispositions. the underlying revenue growth reflects an increase in investments of 7%, health of 6% and talent of 5%, while retirement remained flat. oliver wyman's revenue increased 3% in 2015 compared to 2014, reflecting an increase of 7% on an underlying basis and a 2% increase from acquisitions, partly offset by a decrease of 6% from the impact of foreign currency translation.
the consulting segment completed eight acquisitions during 2015. acquisition details can be found in note 4 to the consolidated financial statements.
consulting revenue in 2014 increased 6% on both a reported and underlying basis as compared to 2013. mercer's revenue was $4.4 billion in 2014, an increase of 3% on both a reported and underlying basis, partly offset by a 1% decrease due to the impact of foreign currency translation. the underlying revenue growth reflects an increase in investments of 9%, health of 3% and retirement of 2%, partly offset by a
the consulting segment completed six acquisitions during 2014.
during 2014, mercer acquired a 34% stake in south africa-based alexander forbes group holding limited ("alexander forbes"). the company's investment in alexander forbes is accounted for using the equity method of accounting and is included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheets.
expense consulting expenses in 2015 decreased 1%, reflecting increases of 4% in underlying expenses and 1% related to acquisitions, partly offset by a 6% decrease from the impact of foreign currency translation. the increase in underlying expenses reflects the impact of higher base salaries and incentive compensation costs and higher retirement benefit costs, partly offset by the impact of the net benefit from the termination of the rra plan.
consulting expenses in 2014 increased 4% on both a reported and underlying basis compared to 2013. this increase reflects the impact of higher incentive compensation costs, partly offset by lower defined benefit pension costs.
corporate and other corporate expenses in 2015 were $195 million compared to $204 million in 2014. the lower expenses in 2015 were primarily due to the cost of non-recurring corporate initiatives which occurred in 2014, discussed in more detail below.
corporate expenses in 2014 were $204 million compared to $190 million in 2013. the increase is primarily due to corporate initiatives, which include strengthening cyber security protections, expenses related to strategic investments and corporate transformation efforts, primarily within the hr and finance functions. discontinued operations as part of the disposal transactions for putnam and kroll, the company provided certain indemnities, primarily related to pre-transaction tax uncertainties and legal contingencies. in accordance with applicable accounting guidance, liabilities were established related to these indemnities at the time of the sales and reflected as a reduction of the gain on disposal. discontinued operations includes charges or credits resulting from the settlement or resolution of the indemnified matters, as well as adjustments to the liabilities related to such matters.
on december 31, 2014, an agreement was reached between putnam and the massachusetts department of revenue ("dor") regarding a tax dispute, which was covered under the indemnity agreement discussed above. the december 2014 agreement was subject to certain approvals, which included the state attorney general and the commissioner of the dor. in january 2015, all necessary approvals were received, the agreement was executed and the tax was paid. concurrently, putnam and the company executed a settlement agreement to resolve all remaining matters under the indemnity agreement. the company recorded a gain, net of federal tax, of approximately $28 million in 2014 related to the settlement with putnam.
discontinued operations in 2013 includes estimated costs covered under the indemnity related to the kroll sale as well as tax indemnities related to the putnam sale.
summarized statements of income data for discontinued operations are as follows:
for the years ended december 31,(in millions of dollars, except per share figures)   2015                 2014          2013
income tax (credit) expense                                                          (5        )            16           (10   )
other corporate items interest interest income earned on corporate funds amounted to $13 million in 2015 compared with $21 million in 2014, primarily due to a lower level of invested funds in 2015. interest expense was $163 million in 2015 compared with $165 million in 2014, due to lower average interest rates in 2015 compared with the prior year, partly offset by higher average debt outstanding during 2015.
interest income earned on corporate funds amounted to $21 million in 2014 compared with $18 million in 2013. the increase in interest income is due to a higher level of invested funds, partly offset by lower effective interest rates. interest expense was $165 million in 2014 compared with $167 million in 2013.
cost of extinguishment of debt in october 2014, the company redeemed $230 million of its 2015 notes and $400 million of its 2019 notes. the company acquired the notes at market value plus a make-whole premium based on the terms of the original indenture, which exceeded the carrying value of the notes and resulted in a cost of $137 million in the fourth quarter of 2014.
in october 2013, the company redeemed $250 million of its 2015 notes. the company acquired the notes at market value plus a make-whole premium based on the terms of the original indenture, which exceeded the carrying value of the notes and resulted in a cost of approximately $24 million in the fourth quarter of 2013.
investment income the caption "investment income (loss)" in the consolidated statements of income comprises realized and unrealized gains and losses from investments recognized in current earnings. it includes, when applicable, other-than-temporary declines in the value of debt and available-for-sale securities and equity method gains or losses on its investment in private equity funds. the company's investments may include direct investments in insurance or consulting companies and investments in private equity funds. the company recorded net investment income of $38 million and $37 million in 2015 and 2014, respectively, primarily related to the general partner carried interest from trident iii. stonepoint capital, the investment manager of trident iii, harvested the remaining two investments of trident iii during the third quarter of 2015, which resulted in the company recognizing its remaining deferred performance fees.
income taxes the company's consolidated effective tax rate was 29.1%, 28.5% and 30.1% in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the tax rate in each year reflects foreign operations which are taxed at rates lower than the u.s. statutory tax rate. the lower effective tax rate attributed to the company's foreign operations primarily reflects lower corporate tax rates that prevail outside of the u.s., net of the u.s. tax impact from repatriating foreign earnings. in 2015, pre-tax income in the u.k., canada, australia, germany, bermuda and ireland accounted for approximately 60% of the company's total non-u.s. pre-tax income, with effective rates in those countries of 22% (excluding the non-cash deferred tax impact of u.k. tax
legislation enacted in 2015), 27%, 30%, 31%, 1% and 12%, respectively. under current u.s. tax law, the company anticipates its non-u.s. operations will continue to incur taxes at rates below the u.s. federal tax rate of 35%. the company's u.s. revenue over the past three years has been approximately 46% of total revenue, while over that period the pre-tax income from u.s. locations varied from 15% to 30% of total pre-tax income.
as a u.s.-domiciled parent holding company, marsh & mclennan companies, inc. is the issuer of essentially all of the company's external indebtedness, and incurs the related interest expense in the u.s. further, most senior executive and oversight functions are conducted in the u.s. and the associated costs are incurred primarily in the united states.
the effective tax rate may vary significantly from period to period for the foreseeable future. it is sensitive to the geographic mix and repatriation of the company's earnings, which may result in higher or lower tax rates. a proportional increase in u.s. pre-tax income will tend to increase the effective tax rate because u.s. federal and state corporate tax rates exceed tax rates applicable outside the u.s. losses in certain jurisdictions cannot be offset by earnings from other operations, and may require valuation allowances that affect the rate, depending on estimates of the realizability of associated deferred tax assets. the effective tax rate is also sensitive to changes in unrecognized tax benefits, including the impact of settled tax audits and expired statutes of limitation.
the realization of deferred tax assets depends on generating future taxable income during the periods in which the tax benefits are deductible or creditable. tax liabilities are determined and assessed jurisdictionally by legal entity or filing group. certain taxing jurisdictions allow or require combined or consolidated tax filings. the company assessed the realizability of its deferred tax assets and considered all available evidence, including the existence of a recent history of losses, placing particular weight on evidence that could be objectively verified. a valuation allowance was recorded to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount that the company believes is more likely than not to be realized.
changes in tax laws or tax rulings in any of the jurisdictions in which we operate could have a significant adverse impact on our effective tax rate.
liquidity and capital resources the company is organized as a holding company, a legal entity separate and distinct from its operating subsidiaries. as a holding company without significant operations of its own, the company is dependent upon dividends and other payments from its operating subsidiaries to meet its obligations for paying principal and interest on outstanding debt obligations, for paying dividends to stockholders, for share repurchases and for corporate expenses. we also provide financial support to our operating subsidiaries for acquisitions, investments and certain parts of their business that require liquidity, such as the capital markets raising business of guy carpenter. other sources of liquidity include borrowing facilities discussed below in financing cash flows.
the company derives a significant portion of its revenue and operating profit from operating subsidiaries located outside of the united states. funds from the company's operating subsidiaries located outside of the united states are regularly repatriated to the united states out of annual earnings. at december 31, 2015, the company had approximately $800 million of cash and cash equivalents in its foreign operations, substantially all of which is considered to be permanently invested in those operations to fund foreign investments and working capital needs. at the current time, the company does not intend to repatriate any of this cash. the non-u.s. cash and cash equivalents considered permanently reinvested includes $191 million of operating funds required to be maintained for regulatory requirements or as collateral under certain captive insurance arrangements. the company expects to continue its practice of repatriating foreign funds out of current annual earnings. while management does not foresee a need to repatriate the funds which are currently deemed permanently invested, if facts or circumstances change, management could elect to repatriate them, if necessary, which could result in higher effective tax rates in the future. during 2015, the company recorded foreign currency translation adjustments which reduced net equity by $643 million. continued strengthening of the u.s. dollar against foreign currencies would further reduce the translated u.s. dollar value of the company's net investments in its non-u.s. subsidiaries, as well as the translated u.s. dollar value of cash repatriations from those subsidiaries.
cash on our consolidated balance sheets includes funds available for general corporate purposes. funds held on behalf of clients in a fiduciary capacity are segregated and shown separately in the consolidated balance sheets as an offset to fiduciary liabilities. fiduciary funds cannot be used for general corporate purposes, and should not be considered as a source of liquidity for the company.
operating cash flows the company generated $1.9 billion of cash from operations in 2015, compared with $2.1 billion in 2014. these amounts reflect the net income reported by the company during those periods, excluding gains or losses from investments, cost of extinguishment of debt and the disposition of businesses, adjusted for non-cash charges such as depreciation and amortization and changes in working capital which relate, primarily, to the timing of payments for accrued liabilities or receipts of assets.
pension-related items during 2015, the company contributed $29 million to its u.s. pension plans and $166 million to non-u.s. pension plans. in 2014, the company contributed $25 million to u.s. plans and $156 million to non-u.s. plans.
in the u.s., contributions to the tax-qualified defined benefit plans are based on erisa guidelines and the company generally expects to maintain a funded status of 80% or more of the liability determined under the erisa guidelines. the pension stabilization provisions included in the "moving ahead for progress in the 21st century act", enacted on july 6, 2012, changed the methodology for determining the discount rate used for calculating plan liabilities under erisa, which determines, in part, the funding requirements.  after considering the impact of the pension funding stabilization provisions discussed above, there was no erisa funding requirement for the u.s. qualified plan in 2015. the company made a $0.2 million contribution to its tax-qualified u.s. pension plan in the first quarter of 2014. there currently is no erisa funding requirement for the u.s. qualified plan for 2016. the company expects to fund approximately $26 million to its non-qualified u.s. pension plans in 2016.
the company continues to manage the cost and assess the competitiveness of its benefits programs, and also to manage the risks related to its defined benefit pension plan liabilities. effective september 1, 2015, the company divided its u.s. qualified defined benefit plan. the existing plan was amended to cover only the retirees currently receiving benefits and terminated vested participants as of august 1, 2015. the company's active participants as of that date were transferred into a newly established, legally separate qualified defined benefit plan. the benefits provided to the plans' participants were unchanged. as a result of the plan amendment and establishment of the new plan, the company re-measured the assets and liabilities of the two plans, as required under u.s. gaap, based on assumptions and market conditions at the amendment date. net periodic pension expense in 2015 includes the weighted average costs of the december 31, 2014 measurement and the september 1, 2015 re-measurement.
effective august 1, 2015, the company amended its ireland defined benefit pension plans to close those plans to future benefit accruals and replaced those plans with a defined contribution arrangement. the company re-measured the assets and liabilities of the plans, based on assumptions and market conditions on the amendment date.
the company has a large number of non-u.s. defined benefit pension plans, the largest of which are in the u.k., which comprise approximately 83% of non-u.s. plan assets. contribution rates for non-u.s. plans are generally based on local funding practices and statutory requirements, which may differ significantly from measurements under u.s. gaap. in the u.k., contributions to defined benefit pension plans are determined through a negotiation process between the company and the plans' trustee that typically occurs every three years in conjunction with the actuarial valuation of the plans. this process is governed by u.k. pension regulations. the assumptions that result from the funding negotiations are different from those used for u.s. gaap and currently result in a lower funded status than under u.s. gaap. in march 2014, the company and the trustee of the u.k. defined benefits plans agreed to a funding deficit recovery plan for the u.k. defined benefit pension plans. the current agreement with the trustee sets out the annual deficit contributions which would be due based on the deficit at december 31, 2012. the funding level is subject to re-assessment, in most cases on november 1st of each year. if the funding level on november 1st is sufficient, no deficit funding contributions will be required in the following year, and the contribution amount will be deferred. as part of a long-term strategy, which depends on
having greater influence over asset allocation and overall investment decisions, the company has agreed to support annual deficit contributions by the u.k. operating companies under certain circumstances, up to gbp 450 million over a seven-year period ("contingent guarantee agreement").
the company contributed $51 million to the u.k. plans in 2015. the u.k. employers also contribute an expense allowance each year of approximately $9 million. based on the funding test carried out at november 1, 2015, the company contributions to the u.k. plans in 2016 are expected to be approximately $100 million, including the expense allowance.
in the aggregate, the company expects to contribute approximately $191 million to its non-u.s. defined benefit plans in 2016, comprising approximately $91 million to plans outside of the u.k. and $100 million to the u.k. plans.
funding amounts may be influenced by future asset performance, the level of discount rates and other variables impacting the funded status of the plan.
after completion of a consultation period with affected colleagues, in january 2014, the company amended its u.k. defined benefit pension plans to close those plans to future benefit accruals effective august 1, 2014 and replaced those plans, along with its existing defined contribution plans, with a new, comprehensive defined contribution arrangement. this change resulted in a curtailment of the u.k. defined benefit plans, and as required under gaap, the company re-measured the defined benefit plans' assets and liabilities at the amendment date, based on assumptions and market conditions at that date. the company recognized a curtailment gain of $65 million in the first quarter of 2014, primarily resulting from the recognition of the remaining unamortized prior service credit related to a plan amendment made in december 2012. this gain was mostly offset by the cost of a transition benefit to certain employees most impacted by the amendment.
the year-over-year change in the funded status of the company's pension plans is impacted by the difference between actual and assumed results, particularly with regard to return on assets, and changes in the discount rate, as well as the amount of company contributions, if any. unrecognized actuarial losses were approximately $1.8 billion and $2.9 billion at december 31, 2015 for the u.s. plans and non-u.s. plans, respectively, compared with $1.7 billion and $3.2 billion at december 31, 2014. the increase in the u.s. was due to the increase in the discount rate, partially offset by negative returns on plan assets. the decrease in the non-u.s. plans was primarily due to the impact of increases in the discount rates and actual returns on plan assets in 2015 that were lower than the estimated long-term rate of return on plan assets. in the past several years, the amount of actuarial losses has been significantly impacted, both positively and negatively, by actual asset performance and changes in discount rates. the discount rate used to measure plan liabilities increased in both the u.s. and the u.k. (the company's largest plans) in 2015 after decreasing in 2014. the discount rate increased in 2013 following decreases in each of the four years from 2009 to 2012. an increase in the discount rate decreases the measured plan benefit obligation, resulting in actuarial gains, while a decrease in the discount rate increases the measured plan obligation, resulting in actuarial losses. during 2015, the company's defined benefit pension plan assets had a loss of 3.9% in the u.s. and gain of 1.2% in the u.k. during 2014, the company's defined benefit pension plan assets had actual returns of 9.8% and 19.4% in the u.s. and u.k., respectively, and in 2013, actual returns of 12.6%, and 8.6% in the u.s. and u.k., respectively.
overall, based on the measurement at december 31, 2015, expenses related to the company's defined benefit pension plans are expected to decrease in 2016 by approximately $165 million from the 2015 expenses of $82 million. this is driven by expense decreases of approximately $80 million in u.s. plans and $85 million in non-u.s. plans. the expense decrease in the u.s. plans results primarily from an increase in the discount rates used to measure plan liabilities and costs and the impact of an increase in the length of the period over which actuarial gains and losses are amortized, moving to average life expectancy for a u.s. plan that has substantially all inactive members. the decrease in the company's non-u.s. defined benefit plans is due to generally higher discount rates used to measure plan liabilities and costs, the impact of the amortization period for actuarial gains and losses moving to average life expectancy for plans in ireland that were frozen and have substantially all inactive members, and a change in how the company estimates the service and interest cost components of net periodic benefit costs (described in more detail below), partly offset by lower estimated returns to be earned on plan assets.
historically, service and interest costs were estimated using a single weighted average discount rate derived from the yield curves used to measure the benefit obligations at the beginning of the period. for 2016, the company has changed the approach used to estimate the service and interest cost components of net periodic benefit cost for its significant non-u.s. plans. this change in approach was made to improve the correlation between the projected benefit cash flows and the corresponding yield curve spot rates and to provide a more precise measurement of service and interest costs. the change does not impact the measurement of the plans' total projected benefit obligation. the company has accounted for this change as a change in estimate, that will be applied prospectively beginning in 2016. as a result of this change, service and interest cost in 2016 are expected to be approximately $45 million lower than if the prior approach were used in 2016. this amount is included in the $85 million decrease for non-u.s. plans described above.
the company's accounting policies for its defined benefit pension plans, including the selection of and sensitivity to assumptions, are discussed below under management's discussion of critical accounting policies. for additional information regarding the company's retirement plans, see note 8 to the consolidated financial statements.
in march 2015, the company amended its u.s. post-65 retiree medical reimbursement plan (the "rra plan"), resulting in its termination, with benefits to certain participants to be paid through december 31, 2016. as a result of the termination of the rra plan, the company recognized a net credit of approximately $125 million in the first quarter of 2015.
financing cash flows net cash used for financing activities was $906 million in 2015 compared with $968 million used in 2014.
in september 2015, the company issued $600 million of 3.75% 10.5-year senior notes. the company used the net proceeds for general corporate purposes.
in march 2015, the company issued $500 million of 2.35% five-year senior notes. the company used the net proceeds for general corporate purposes.
in september 2014, the company issued $300 million of 2.35% five-year senior notes and $500 million of 3.50% 10.5-year senior notes. in october 2014, a significant portion of the net proceeds of this offering was used to redeem $630 million of debt, including $230 million of 5.75% senior notes due in september 2015 and $400 million of 9.25% senior notes due in 2019. total cash outflow related to this transaction was approximately $765 million, including a $137 million cost for early redemption, which was reflected as a charge in the consolidated statements of income in the fourth quarter of 2014.
during the second quarter of 2014, the company issued $600 million of 3.5% ten-year senior notes. the net proceeds of this offering were used for general corporate purposes, including the repayment of $320 million of 5.375% senior notes that matured in july 2014.
in september 2013, the company issued $250 million of 2.55% five-year senior notes and $250 million of 4.05% ten-year senior notes. the net proceeds of this offering were used for general corporate purposes, which included a partial redemption of $250 million of the outstanding principal amount of the existing 5.75% senior notes due 2015. the redemption settled in october 2013 with a total cash outflow of approximately $275 million, including a $24 million cost for early redemption.
acquisitions during 2015, the company paid $47 million of contingent payments related to acquisitions made in prior years. these payments are split between financing and operating cash flows in the consolidated statements of cash flows. the portion of these payments that is reflected as a financing activity is $13 million, which represents payments related to the contingent consideration liability that was recorded on the date of acquisition. payments related to increases in the contingent consideration liability subsequent to the date of acquisition, which were $34 million in 2015, are reflected as operating cash flows. remaining estimated future contingent consideration payments of $309 million for acquisitions completed
in 2015 and in prior years are included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities or other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet at december 31, 2015. the company paid deferred purchase consideration related to prior years' acquisitions of $36 million, $25 million and $15 million for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. remaining deferred cash payments of approximately $143 million are included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities or other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet at december 31, 2015.
in 2014, the company paid $42 million of contingent payments related to acquisitions made in prior periods, of which $30 million was reported as financing cash flows and $12 million as operating cash flows. in 2013, the company made $17 million of contingent payments related to acquisitions made in prior periods.
credit facilities on november 24, 2015, the company and certain of its subsidiaries amended its $1.2 billion facility, discussed below, into a new $1.5 billion multi-currency five-year unsecured revolving credit facility. the interest rate on this facility is based on libor plus a fixed margin which varies with the company's credit ratings. this facility expires in november 2020 and requires the company to maintain certain coverage and leverage ratios which are tested quarterly. there were no borrowings outstanding under this facility at december 31, 2015.
the company and certain of its subsidiaries previously maintained a $1.2 billion multi-currency five-year revolving credit facility. the facility was previously due to expire in march 2019 and was in effect until november 2015. there were no borrowings outstanding under this facility at the time it was amended.
the company has a $150 million uncommitted bank credit line. there were no borrowings under this facility at december 31, 2015.
in december 2012, the company closed on a $50 million, three-year delayed draw term loan facility. the interest rate on this facility was based on libor plus an agreed fixed margin which varied with the company's credit ratings. the loan was repaid and the facility was terminated on october 30, 2015.
the company's senior debt is currently rated a- by standard & poor's and baa1 by moody's. the company's short-term debt is currently rated a-2 by standard & poor's and p-2 by moody's. the company carries a stable outlook from both firms.
the company also maintains other credit facilities, guarantees and letters of credit with various banks, primarily related to operations located outside the united states, aggregating $229 million at december 31, 2015 and $260 million at december 31, 2014. there was $0.4 million outstanding borrowings under these facilities at december 31, 2015 and $0.6 million outstanding borrowings under these facilities at december 31, 2014.
share repurchases in may 2015, the board of directors renewed the company's share repurchase program, allowing management to buy back up to $2 billion of shares going forward. during 2015, the company repurchased 24.8 million shares of its common stock for total consideration of $1.4 billion at an average price per share of $56.46. as of december 31, 2015, the company remained authorized to purchase additional shares of its common stock up to a value of approximately $1.2 billion. there is no time limit on this authorization. during 2014, the company repurchased 15.5 million shares of its common stock for total consideration of $800 million at an average price per share of $51.44.
investing cash flows net cash used for investing activities amounted to $1.3 billion in 2015 compared with $1.2 billion used for investing activities in 2014.
the company made 21 acquisitions in 2015. cash used for these acquisitions, net of cash acquired, was $952 million.
on june 23, 2014, mercer acquired 34% of the common shares of south africa-based alexander forbes group holdings limited ("alexander forbes"). mercer purchased its stake in alexander forbes in two tranches at 7.50 south african rand per share at an aggregate purchase price of approximately $300 million. the investment in alexander forbes is accounted for using the equity method and is included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheets.
the company made 21 acquisitions in 2014. cash used for these acquisitions, net of cash acquired, was $554 million.
the company received proceeds from distributions on its investment in trident ii of $100 million in 2013. trident ii fully harvested all its portfolio investments and made final distributions to partners during the fourth quarter of 2013.
the company's additions to fixed assets and capitalized software, which amounted to $325 million in 2015 and $368 million in 2014, primarily relate to computer equipment purchases, the refurbishing and modernizing of office facilities and software development costs.
on february 24, 2015, mercer purchased shares of common stock of benefitfocus (nasdaq:bnft) constituting approximately 9.9% of bnft's outstanding capital stock as of the acquisition date. the purchase price for the bnft shares and certain other rights and other consideration was approximately $75 million.
the company has commitments for potential future investments of approximately $54 million in four private equity funds that invest primarily in financial services companies.
commitments and obligations the following sets forth the company's future contractual obligations by the types identified in the table below as of december 31, 2015:
payment due by period contractual obligations(in millions of dollars)       total              within1 year              1-3years              4-5years              after 5years current portion of long-term debt                       $12                       $12                    $-                    $-                        $-
purchase commitments                                     13                        13                     -                     -                         -
the above does not include the liability for unrecognized tax benefits of $74 million as the company is unable to reasonably predict the timing of settlement of these liabilities, other than approximately $3 million that may become payable during 2016. the above does not include the indemnified liabilities discussed in note 15 as the company is unable to reasonably predict the timing of settlement of these liabilities. the above does not include net pension liabilities of approximately $1.9 billion because the timing and amount of ultimate payment of such liability is dependent upon future events, including, but not limited to, future returns on plan assets and changes in the discount rate used to measure the liabilities. the amounts of estimated future benefits payments to be made from pension plan assets are disclosed in note 8 to the consolidated financial statements. in 2016, the company expects to contribute approximately $26 million and $191 million to its u.s. and non-u.s. pension plans, respectively.
management's discussion of critical accounting policies the preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states ("gaap") requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. management considers the policies discussed below to be critical to understanding the company's financial statements because their application places the most significant demands on management's judgment, and requires management to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. actual results may differ from those estimates.
legal and other loss contingencies the company and its subsidiaries are subject to numerous claims, lawsuits and proceedings including claims for errors and omissions ("e&o"). gaap requires that a liability be recorded when a loss is both probable and reasonably estimable. significant management judgment is required to apply this guidance. the company utilizes case level reviews by inside and outside counsel, an internal actuarial analysis and other analyses to estimate potential losses. the liability is reviewed quarterly and adjusted as developments warrant. in many cases, the company has not recorded a liability, other than for legal fees to defend the claim, because we are unable, at the present time, to make a determination that a loss is both probable and reasonably estimable. given the unpredictability of e&o claims and of litigation that could flow from them, it is possible that an adverse outcome in a particular matter could have a material adverse effect on the company's businesses, results of operations, financial condition or cash flow in a given quarterly or annual period.
in addition, to the extent that insurance coverage is available, significant management judgment is required to determine the amount of recoveries that are probable of collection under the company's various insurance programs.
retirement benefits the company maintains qualified and non-qualified defined benefit pension and defined contribution plans for its eligible u.s. employees and a variety of defined benefit and defined contribution plans for its eligible non-u.s. employees. the company's policy for funding its tax-qualified defined benefit retirement plans is to contribute amounts at least sufficient to meet the funding requirements set forth in u.s. and applicable foreign laws.
the company recognizes the funded status of its over-funded defined benefit pension and retiree medical plans as a net benefit plan asset and its unfunded and underfunded plans as a net benefit plan liability. the gains or losses and prior service costs or credits that have not been recognized as components of net periodic costs are recorded as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income ("aoci"), net of tax, in the company's consolidated balance sheets. the gains and losses that exceed specified corridors are amortized prospectively out of aoci over a period that approximates the average remaining service period of active employees, or for plans in which substantially all the participants are inactive, over the remaining life expectancy of the inactive employees.
the determination of net periodic pension cost is based on a number of assumptions, including an expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, the discount rate, mortality and assumed rate of salary increase. significant assumptions used in the calculation of net periodic pension costs and pension liabilities are disclosed in note 8 to the consolidated financial statements. the company believes the assumptions for each plan are reasonable and appropriate and will continue to evaluate assumptions at least annually and adjust them as appropriate.
future pension expense or credits will depend on plan provisions, future investment performance, future assumptions and various other factors related to the populations participating in the pension plans. holding all other assumptions constant, a half-percentage point change in the rate of return on plan assets and discount rate assumptions would affect net periodic pension cost for the u.s. and u.k. plans, which together comprise approximately 86% of total pension plan liabilities, as follows:
assumed rate of return on plan assets   $(22          )             $(40          )              $22                         $40
changing the discount rate and leaving the other assumptions constant may not be representative of the impact on expense, because the long-term rates of inflation and salary increases are often correlated with the discount rate. changes in these assumptions will not necessarily have a linear impact on the net periodic pension cost.
the company contributes to certain health care and life insurance benefits provided to its retired employees. the cost of these post-retirement benefits for employees in the u.s. is accrued during the period up to the date employees are eligible to retire, but is funded by the company as incurred. the key assumptions and sensitivity to changes in the assumed health care cost trend rate are discussed in note 8 to the consolidated financial statements.
income taxes the company's tax rate reflects its income, statutory tax rates and tax planning in the various jurisdictions in which it operates. significant judgment is required in determining the annual effective tax rate and in evaluating uncertain tax positions. the company reports a liability for unrecognized tax benefits resulting from uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. the evaluation of a tax position is a two-step process. the first step involves recognition. the company determines whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained upon tax examination, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation, based on only the technical merits of the position. the technical merits of a tax position derive from both statutory and judicial authority (legislation and statutes, legislative intent, regulations, rulings, and case law) and their applicability to the facts and circumstances of the tax position. if a tax position does not meet the more likely than not recognition threshold, the benefit of that position is not recognized in the financial statements. the second step is measurement. a tax position that meets the more likely than not recognition threshold is measured to determine the amount of benefit to recognize in the financial statements. the tax position is measured as the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized upon ultimate resolution with a taxing authority.
uncertain tax positions are evaluated based upon the facts and circumstances that exist at each reporting period and involve significant management judgment. subsequent changes in judgment based upon new information may lead to changes in recognition, derecognition, and measurement. adjustments may result, for example, upon resolution of an issue with the taxing authorities, or expiration of a statute of limitations barring an assessment for an issue.
tax law requires items be included in the company's tax returns at different times than the items are reflected in the financial statements. as a result, the annual tax expense reflected in the consolidated statements of income is different than that reported in the tax returns. some of these differences are permanent, such as expenses that are not deductible in the returns, and some differences are temporary and reverse over time, such as depreciation expense. temporary differences create deferred tax assets and liabilities. deferred tax liabilities generally represent tax expense recognized in the financial statements for which payment has been deferred, or expense for which a deduction has been taken already in the tax return but the expense has not yet been recognized in the financial statements. deferred tax assets generally represent items that can be used as a tax deduction or credit in tax returns in future years for which a benefit has already been recorded in the financial statements. in assessing the need for and amount of a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets, the company considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized and adjusts
the valuation allowance accordingly. the company evaluates all significant available positive and negative evidence, including the existence of losses in recent years and its forecast of future taxable income by jurisdiction, in assessing the need for a valuation allowance. the company also considers tax planning strategies that would result in realization of deferred tax assets, and the presence of taxable income in prior period tax filings in jurisdictions that allow for the carryback of tax attributes pursuant to the applicable tax law. the underlying assumptions the company uses in forecasting future taxable income require significant judgment and take into account the company's recent performance. the ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent on the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which temporary differences or carry-forwards are deductible or creditable. valuation allowances are established for deferred tax assets when it is estimated that it is more likely than not that future taxable income will be insufficient to fully use a deduction or credit in that jurisdiction.
fair value determinations goodwill impairment testing-the company is required to assess goodwill and any indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually, or more frequently if circumstances indicate impairment may have occurred. the company performs the annual impairment test for each of its reporting units during the third quarter of each year. in accordance with applicable accounting guidance, the company assesses qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform the two-step goodwill impairment test. the company considered numerous factors, which included that the fair value of each reporting unit exceeded its carrying value by a substantial margin in its most recent estimate of reporting unit fair values, whether significant acquisitions or dispositions occurred which might alter the fair value of its reporting units, macroeconomic conditions and their potential impact on reporting unit fair values, actual performance compared with budget and prior projections used in its estimation of reporting unit fair values, industry and market conditions, and the year-over-year change in the company's share price.
the company completed its qualitative assessment in the third quarter of 2015 and concluded that a two-step goodwill impairment test was not required in 2015 and that goodwill was not impaired.
share-based payment the guidance for accounting for share-based payments requires, among other things, that the estimated fair value of stock options be charged to earnings. significant management judgment is required to determine the appropriate assumptions for inputs such as volatility and expected term necessary to estimate option values. in addition, management judgment is required to analyze the terms of the plans and awards granted thereunder to determine if awards will be treated as equity awards or liability awards, as defined by the accounting guidance.
as of december 31, 2015, there was $11.8 million of unrecognized compensation cost related to stock option awards. the weighted-average period over which the costs are expected to be recognized is 1.16 years. also as of december 31, 2015, there was $94.5 million of unrecognized compensation cost related to the company's restricted stock, restricted stock unit and performance stock unit awards. the weighted-average period over which that cost is expected to be recognized is approximately 1.1 years.
see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding accounting for share-based payments.
new accounting pronouncements note 1 to the consolidated financial statements contains a summary of the company's significant accounting policies, including a discussion of recently issued accounting pronouncements and their impact or potential future impact on the company's financial results, if determinable, under the sub-heading "new accounting pronouncements".