item 1a.   risk factors.
for a discussion of the risks and uncertainties that may affect the company’s future results and strategic goals, see “forward-looking statements” immediately preceding part i, item 1 and “return on equity target” and “effects of inflation and changes in interest and foreign exchange rates” under “management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations” in part ii, item 7.
market risk.
market risk refers to the risk that a change in the level of one or more market prices, rates, indices, implied volatilities (the price volatility of the underlying instrument imputed from option prices), correlations or other market factors, such as market liquidity, will result in losses for a position or portfolio owned by us. for more information on how we monitor and manage market risk, see “quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk—risk management—market risk” in part ii, item 7a.
our results of operations may be materially affected by market fluctuations and by global and economic conditions and other factors.
our results of operations have been in the past and may be materially affected by market fluctuations due to global and economic conditions and other factors, including the level and volatility of equity, fixed income and commodity prices (including oil prices), interest rates, currency values and other market indices. the results of our institutional securities business segment, particularly results relating to our involvement in primary and secondary markets for all types of financial products, are subject to substantial market fluctuations due to a variety of factors that we cannot control or predict with great certainty. these fluctuations impact results by causing variations in new business flows and in the fair value of securities and other financial products. fluctuations also occur due to the level of global market activity, which, among other things, affects the size, number and timing of investment banking client assignments and transactions and the realization of returns from our principal investments. during periods of unfavorable market or economic conditions, the level of individual investor participation in the global markets, as well as the level of client assets, may also decrease, which would negatively impact the results of our wealth management business segment. in addition, fluctuations in global market activity could impact the flow of investment capital into or from assets under management or supervision and the way customers allocate capital among money market, equity, fixed income or other investment alternatives, which could negatively impact our investment management business segment.
the value of our financial instruments may be materially affected by market fluctuations. market volatility, illiquid market conditions and disruptions in the credit markets make it extremely difficult to value certain of our financial instruments, particularly during periods of market displacement. subsequent valuations in future periods, in light of factors then prevailing, may result in significant changes in the values of these instruments and may adversely impact historical or prospective performance-based fees (also known as incentive fees or carried interest) in respect of certain business. in addition, at the time of any sales and settlements of these financial instruments, the price we ultimately realize will depend on the demand and liquidity in the market at that time and may be materially lower than their current fair value. any of these factors could cause a decline in the value of our financial instruments, which may have an adverse effect on our results of operations in future periods.
in addition, financial markets are susceptible to severe events evidenced by rapid depreciation in asset values accompanied by a reduction in asset liquidity. under these extreme conditions, hedging and other risk management strategies may not be as effective at mitigating trading losses as they would be under more normal market conditions. moreover, under these conditions market participants are particularly exposed to trading strategies employed by many market participants simultaneously and on a large scale. our risk management and monitoring processes seek to quantify and mitigate risk to more extreme market moves. however, severe market events have historically been difficult to predict and we could realize significant losses if extreme market events were to occur.
holding large and concentrated positions may expose us to losses.
concentration of risk may reduce revenues or result in losses in our market-making, investing, block trading, underwriting and lending businesses in the event of unfavorable market movements. we commit substantial amounts of capital to these businesses, which often results in our taking large positions in the securities of, or making large loans to, a particular issuer or issuers in a particular industry, country or region.
credit risk.
credit risk refers to the risk of loss arising when a borrower, counterparty or issuer does not meet its financial obligations to us. for more information on how we monitor and manage credit risk, see “quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk—risk management—credit risk” in part ii, item 7a.
we are exposed to the risk that third parties that are indebted to us will not perform their obligations.
we incur significant credit risk exposure through our institutional securities business segment. this risk may arise from a variety of business activities, including but not limited to extending credit to clients through various loans and lending commitments; providing short or long-term funding that is secured by physical or financial collateral whose value may at times be insufficient to fully cover the loan repayment amount; entering into swap or other derivative contracts under which counterparties have obligations to make payments to us; posting margin and/or collateral and other commitments to clearing houses, clearing agencies, exchanges, banks, securities firms and other financial counterparties; and investing and trading in securities and loan pools whereby the value of these assets may fluctuate based on realized or expected defaults on the underlying obligations or loans.
we also incur credit risk in our wealth management business segment lending to mainly individual investors, including, but not limited to, margin and securities-based loans collateralized by securities, residential mortgage loans and home equity lines of credit.
while we believe current valuations and reserves adequately address our perceived levels of risk, adverse economic conditions may negatively impact our clients and our current credit exposures. in addition, as a clearing member of several central counterparties, we finance our customer positions and we could be held responsible for the defaults or misconduct of our customers. although we regularly review our credit exposures, default risk may arise from events or circumstances that are difficult to detect or foresee.
a default by a large financial institution could adversely affect financial markets.
the commercial soundness of many financial institutions may be closely interrelated as a result of credit, trading, clearing or other relationships between the institutions. for example, increased centralization of trading activities through particular clearing houses, central agents or exchanges as required by provisions of the dodd-frank act may increase our concentration of risk with respect to these entities. as a result, concerns about, or a default or threatened default by, one institution could lead to significant market-wide liquidity and credit problems, losses or defaults by other institutions. this is sometimes referred to as “systemic risk” and may adversely affect financial intermediaries, such as clearing agencies, clearing houses, banks, securities firms and exchanges, with which we interact with on a daily basis, and therefore could adversely affect us. see also “systemic risk regime” under “business—supervision and regulation—financial holding company” in part i, item 1.
operational risk.
operational risk refers to the risk of loss, or of damage to our reputation, resulting from inadequate or failed processes, people and systems or from external events (e.g., fraud, theft, legal and compliance risks, cyber attacks or damage to physical assets). we may incur operational risk across the full scope of our business activities, including revenue-generating activities (e.g., sales and trading) and support and control groups (e.g., information technology and trade processing). legal, regulatory and compliance risk is included in the scope of operational risk and is discussed below under “legal, regulatory and
compliance risk.” for more information on how we monitor and manage operational risk, see “quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk—risk management—operational risk” in part ii, item 7a.
we are subject to operational risks, including a failure, breach or other disruption of our operational or security systems, that could adversely affect our businesses or reputation.
our businesses are highly dependent on our ability to process, on a daily basis, a large number of transactions across numerous and diverse markets in many currencies. in some of our businesses, the transactions we process are complex. in addition, we may introduce new products or services or change processes, resulting in new operational risk that we may not fully appreciate or identify. the trend toward direct access to automated, electronic markets and the move to more automated trading platforms has resulted in using increasingly complex technology that relies on the continued effectiveness of the programming code and integrity of the data to process the trades. we perform the functions required to operate our different businesses either by ourselves or through agreements with third parties. we rely on the ability of our employees, our internal systems and systems at technology centers operated by unaffiliated third parties to process a high volume of transactions.
as a major participant in the global capital markets, we maintain extensive controls to reduce the risk of incorrect valuation or risk management of our trading positions due to flaws in data, models, electronic trading systems or processes or due to fraud. nevertheless, such risk cannot be completely eliminated.
we also face the risk of operational failure or termination of any of the clearing agents, exchanges, clearing houses or other financial intermediaries we use to facilitate our securities transactions. in the event of a breakdown or improper operation of our or a third party’s systems or improper or unauthorized action by third parties or our employees, we could suffer financial loss, an impairment to our liquidity, a disruption of our businesses, regulatory sanctions or damage to our reputation. in addition, the interconnectivity of multiple financial institutions with central agents, exchanges and clearing houses, and the increased importance of these entities, increases the risk that an operational failure at one institution or entity may cause an industry-wide operational failure that could materially impact our ability to conduct business.
despite the business contingency plans we have in place, there can be no assurance that such plans will fully mitigate all potential business continuity risks to us. our ability to conduct business may be adversely affected by a disruption in the infrastructure that supports our business and the communities where we are located, which are concentrated in the new york metropolitan area, london, hong kong and tokyo as well as mumbai, budapest, glasgow and baltimore. this may include a disruption involving physical site access, cyber incidents, terrorist activities, disease pandemics, catastrophic events, natural disasters, extreme weather events, electrical, environmental, computer servers, communications or other services we use, our employees or third parties with whom we conduct business.
although we devote significant resources to maintaining and upgrading our systems and networks with measures such as intrusion and detection prevention systems, monitoring firewalls to safeguard critical business applications, and supervising third party providers that have access to our systems, there is no guarantee that these measures or any other measures can provide absolute security. like other financial services firms, we and our third party providers continue to be the subject of attempted unauthorized access, mishandling or misuse of information, computer viruses or malware, cyber attacks designed to obtain confidential information, destroy data, disrupt or degrade service, sabotage systems or cause other damage, denial of service attacks and other events. these threats may derive from human error, fraud or malice on the part of our employees or third parties, including third party providers, or may result from accidental technological failure. additional challenges are posed by external extremist parties, including foreign state actors, in some circumstances as a means to promote political ends. any of these parties may also attempt to fraudulently induce employees, customers, clients, third parties or other users of our systems to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to our data or that of our customers or clients. there can be no assurance that such unauthorized access or cyber incidents will not occur in the future, and they could occur more frequently and on a more significant scale.
if one or more of these events occur, it could result in a security impact on our systems and jeopardize our or our clients’, partners’ or counterparties’ personal, confidential, proprietary or other information processed and stored in, and transmitted through, our and our third party providers’ computer systems. furthermore, such events could cause interruptions or malfunctions in our, our clients’, partners’, counterparties’ or third parties’ operations, which could result in reputational
damage with our clients and the market, client dissatisfaction, additional costs to us (such as repairing systems or adding new personnel or protection technologies), regulatory investigations, litigation or enforcement, or regulatory fines or penalties, all or any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
given our global footprint and the high volume of transactions we process, the large number of clients, partners and counterparties with which we do business, and the increasing sophistication of cyber attacks, a cyber attack could occur and persist for an extended period of time without detection. we expect that any investigation of a cyber attack would be inherently unpredictable and that it would take time before the completion of any investigation and before there is availability of full and reliable information. during such time we would not necessarily know the extent of the harm or how best to remediate it, and certain errors or actions could be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and remediated, all or any of which would further increase the costs and consequences of a cyber attack.
while many of our agreements with partners and third party vendors include indemnification provisions, we may not be able to recover sufficiently, or at all, under such provisions to adequately offset any losses. in addition, although we maintain insurance coverage that may, subject to policy terms and conditions, cover certain aspects of cyber risks, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses.
liquidity and funding risk.
liquidity and funding risk refers to the risk that we will be unable to finance our operations due to a loss of access to the capital markets or difficulty in liquidating our assets. liquidity and funding risk also encompasses our ability to meet our financial obligations without experiencing significant business disruption or reputational damage that may threaten our viability as a going concern. for more information on how we monitor and manage liquidity and funding risk, see “management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations—liquidity and capital resources” in part ii, item 7 and “quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk—risk management—liquidity and funding risk” in part ii, item 7a.
liquidity is essential to our businesses and we rely on external sources to finance a significant portion of our operations.
liquidity is essential to our businesses. our liquidity could be negatively affected by our inability to raise funding in the long-term or short-term debt capital markets or our inability to access the secured lending markets. factors that we cannot control, such as disruption of the financial markets or negative views about the financial services industry generally, including concerns regarding fiscal matters in the u.s. and other geographic areas, could impair our ability to raise funding. in addition, our ability to raise funding could be impaired if investors or lenders develop a negative perception of our long-term or short-term financial prospects due to factors such as an incurrence of large trading losses, a downgrade by the rating agencies, a decline in the level of our business activity, or if regulatory authorities take significant action against us or our industry, or we discover significant employee misconduct or illegal activity. if we are unable to raise funding using the methods described above, we would likely need to finance or liquidate unencumbered assets, such as our investment and trading portfolios, to meet maturing liabilities. we may be unable to sell some of our assets, or we may have to sell assets at a discount to market value, either of which could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
our borrowing costs and access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on our credit ratings.
the cost and availability of unsecured financing generally are impacted by our short-term and long-term credit ratings. the rating agencies are continuing to monitor certain issuer specific factors that are important to the determination of our credit ratings, including governance, the level and quality of earnings, capital adequacy, funding and liquidity, risk appetite and management, asset quality, strategic direction, and business mix. additionally, the rating agencies will look at other industry-wide factors such as regulatory or legislative changes, including, for example, regulatory changes relating to total loss absorbing capacity requirements, macro-economic environment, and perceived levels of third party support, and it is possible that they could downgrade our ratings and those of similar institutions.
our credit ratings also can have a significant impact on certain trading revenues, particularly in those businesses where longer term counterparty performance is a key consideration, such as otc derivative transactions, including credit derivatives and interest rate swaps. in connection with certain otc trading agreements and certain other agreements
associated with our institutional securities business segment, we may be required to provide additional collateral to, or immediately settle any outstanding liability balance with, certain counterparties in the event of a credit ratings downgrade. termination of our trading and other agreements could cause us to sustain losses and impair our liquidity by requiring us to find other sources of financing or to make significant cash payments or securities movements. the additional collateral or termination payments which may occur in the event of a future credit rating downgrade vary by contract and can be based on ratings by either or both of moody’s investor services and standard & poor’s rating services. see also “management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations—liquidity and capital resources—credit ratings—incremental collateral or terminating payments upon potential future rating downgrade” in part ii, item 7.
the parent holding company depends on dividends, distributions and other payments from its subsidiaries to fund dividend payments and to fund all payments on its obligations, including debt obligations. regulatory, tax restrictions or elections and other legal restrictions may limit our ability to transfer funds freely, either to or from our subsidiaries. in particular, many of our subsidiaries, including our broker-dealer subsidiaries, are subject to laws, regulations and self-regulatory organization rules that authorize regulatory bodies to block or reduce the flow of funds to the parent holding company, or that prohibit such transfers altogether in certain circumstances, including steps to “ring fence” entities by regulators outside of the u.s. to protect clients and creditors of such entities in the event of financial difficulties involving such entities. these laws, regulations and rules may hinder our ability to access funds that we may need to make payments on our obligations. furthermore, as a bank holding company, we may become subject to a prohibition or to limitations on our ability to pay dividends or repurchase our common stock. the occ, the federal reserve and the fdic have the authority, and under certain circumstances the duty, to prohibit or to limit the payment of dividends by the banking organizations they supervise, including us and our u.s. bank subsidiaries.
our liquidity and financial condition have in the past been, and in the future could be, adversely affected by u.s. and international markets and economic conditions.
our ability to raise funding in the long-term or short-term debt capital markets or the equity markets, or to access secured lending markets, has in the past been, and could in the future be, adversely affected by conditions in the u.s. and international markets and economies. global market and economic conditions have been particularly disrupted and volatile in the last several years and may be in the future. in particular, our cost and availability of funding in the past have been, and may in the future be, adversely affected by illiquid credit markets and wider credit spreads. significant turbulence in the u.s., the e.u. and other international markets and economies could adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition and the willingness of certain counterparties and customers to do business with us.
legal, regulatory and compliance risk.
legal, regulatory and compliance risk includes the risk of legal or regulatory sanctions, material financial loss including fines, penalties, judgments, damages and/or settlements, or loss to reputation we may suffer as a result of our failure to comply with laws, regulations, rules, related self-regulatory organization standards and codes of conduct applicable to our business activities. this risk also includes contractual and commercial risk, such as the risk that a counterparty’s performance obligations will be unenforceable. it also includes compliance with aml and terrorist financing rules and regulations. in today’s environment of rapid and possibly transformational regulatory change, we also view regulatory change as a component of legal, regulatory and compliance risk. for more information on how we monitor and manage legal, regulatory and compliance risk, see “quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk—risk management—legal and compliance risk” in part ii, item 7a.
the financial services industry is subject to extensive regulation, which is undergoing major changes that will impact our business.
like other major financial services firms, we are subject to extensive regulation by u.s. federal and state regulatory agencies and securities exchanges and by regulators and exchanges in each of the major markets where we conduct our business. these laws and regulations significantly affect the way we do business and can restrict the scope of our existing businesses and limit our ability to expand our product offerings and pursue certain investments.
in response to the financial crisis, legislators and regulators, both in the u.s. and worldwide, have adopted, continue to propose and are in the process of adopting, finalizing and implementing a wide range of financial market reforms that are resulting in major changes to the way our global operations are regulated and conducted. in particular, as a result of these reforms, we are, or will become, subject to (among other things) significantly revised and expanded regulation and supervision, more intensive scrutiny of our businesses and any plans for expansion of those businesses, new activities limitations, a systemic risk regime that imposes heightened capital and liquidity requirements and other enhanced prudential standards, new resolution regimes and resolution planning requirements, new requirements for maintaining minimum amounts of external total loss-absorbing capacity and external long-term debt, new restrictions on activities and investments imposed by the volcker rule, and comprehensive new derivatives regulation. while certain portions of these reforms are effective, others are still subject to final rulemaking or transition periods. many of the changes required by these reforms could materially impact the profitability of our businesses and the value of assets we hold, expose us to additional costs, require changes to business practices or force us to discontinue businesses, adversely affect our ability to pay dividends and repurchase our stock, or require us to raise capital, including in ways that may adversely impact our shareholders or creditors. in addition, regulatory requirements that are being proposed by foreign policymakers and regulators may be inconsistent or conflict with regulations that we are subject to in the u.s. and, if adopted, may adversely affect us. while there continues to be uncertainty about the full impact of these changes, we do know that the company is and will continue to be subject to a more complex regulatory framework, and will incur costs to comply with new requirements as well as to monitor for compliance in the future.
the application of regulatory requirements and strategies in the united states to facilitate the orderly resolution of large financial institutions may pose a greater risk of loss for the security holders of the company.
pursuant to the dodd-frank act, the company is required to submit to the federal reserve and the fdic an annual resolution plan that describes its strategy for a rapid and orderly resolution under the u.s. bankruptcy code in the event of material financial distress or failure of the company. in addition, provided that certain procedures are met, the company can be subject to a resolution proceeding under the orderly liquidation authority under title ii of the dodd-frank act with the fdic being appointed as receiver. the fdic’s power under the orderly liquidation authority to disregard the priority of creditor claims and treat similarly situated creditors differently in certain circumstances, subject to certain limitations, could adversely impact holders of the company’s unsecured debt. see “business—supervision and regulation” in part i, item 1.
further, because both our resolution plan contemplates a single-point-of-entry (“spoe”) strategy under the u.s. bankruptcy code and the fdic has proposed an spoe strategy through which it may apply its orderly liquidation authority powers, we believe that the application of an spoe strategy is the reasonably likely outcome if either our resolution plan were implemented or a resolution proceeding were commenced under the orderly liquidation authority. an spoe strategy generally contemplates the provision of additional capital and liquidity by the company to certain subsidiaries in an effort to ensure that such subsidiaries have the resources necessary to implement the resolution strategy. although this strategy, whether applied pursuant to the company’s resolution plan or in a resolution proceeding under the orderly liquidation authority, is intended to result in better outcomes for creditors overall, there is no guarantee that the application of an spoe strategy will not result in greater losses for holders of the company’s securities compared to a different resolution strategy for the firm.
regulators have taken and proposed various actions to facilitate an spoe strategy under the u.s. bankruptcy code, the orderly liquidation authority or other resolution regimes. for example, the federal reserve has issued a proposed rule that would require top-tier bank holding companies of u.s. g-sibs, including the company, to maintain minimum amounts of equity and eligible long-term debt (“total loss-absorbing capacity” or “tlac”) in order to ensure that such institutions have enough loss-absorbing resources at the point of failure to be recapitalized through the conversion of debt to equity or otherwise by imposing losses on eligible tlac where the spoe strategy is used.
the financial services industry faces substantial litigation and is subject to extensive regulatory investigations, and we may face damage to our reputation and legal liability.
as a global financial services firm, we face the risk of investigations and proceedings by governmental and self-regulatory organizations in all countries in which we conduct our business. interventions by authorities may result in adverse judgments,
settlements, fines, penalties, injunctions or other relief. in addition to the monetary consequences, these measures could, for example, impact our ability to engage in, or impose limitations on, certain of our businesses. the number of these investigations and proceedings, as well as the amount of penalties and fines sought, has increased substantially in recent years with regard to many firms in the financial services industry, including us. significant regulatory action against us could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations or cause us significant reputational harm, which could seriously harm our business. the dodd-frank act also provides compensation to whistleblowers who present the sec or cftc with information related to securities or commodities law violations that leads to a successful enforcement action. as a result of this compensation, it is possible we could face an increased number of investigations by the sec or cftc.
we have been named, from time to time, as a defendant in various legal actions, including arbitrations, class actions, and other litigation, as well as investigations or proceedings brought by regulatory agencies, arising in connection with our activities as a global diversified financial services institution. certain of the actual or threatened legal or regulatory actions include claims for substantial compensatory and/or punitive damages, claims for indeterminate amounts of damages, or may result in penalties, fines, or other results adverse to us. in some cases, the issuers that would otherwise be the primary defendants in such cases are bankrupt or in financial distress. like any large corporation, we are also subject to risk from potential employee misconduct, including non-compliance with policies and improper use or disclosure of confidential information.
we may be responsible for representations and warranties associated with residential and commercial real estate loans and may incur losses in excess of our reserves.
we originate loans secured by commercial and residential properties. further, we securitize and trade in a wide range of commercial and residential real estate and real estate-related whole loans, mortgages and other real estate and commercial assets and products, including residential and commercial mortgage-backed securities. in connection with these activities, we have provided, or otherwise agreed to be responsible for, certain representations and warranties. under certain circumstances, we may be required to repurchase such assets or make other payments related to such assets if such representations and warranties were breached. we have also made representations and warranties in connection with our role as an originator of certain commercial mortgage loans that we securitized in commercial mortgage-backed securities. for additional information, see also note 12 to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8.
we currently have several legal proceedings related to claims for alleged breaches of representations and warranties. if there are decisions adverse to us in those legal proceedings, we may incur losses substantially in excess of our reserves. in addition, our reserves are based, in part, on certain factual and legal assumptions. if those assumptions are incorrect and need to be revised, we may need to adjust our reserves substantially.
our commodities activities subject us to extensive regulation, potential catastrophic events and environmental risks and regulation that may expose us to significant costs and liabilities.
in connection with the commodities activities in our institutional securities business segment, we engage in the production, storage, transportation, marketing and execution of transactions in several commodities, including metals, natural gas, electric power, emission credits, and other commodity products. in addition, we are an electricity power marketer in the u.s. and own electricity generating facilities in the u.s. and own a minority interest in heidmar holdings llc, which owns a group of companies that provide international marine transportation and u.s. marine logistics services. as a result of these activities, we are subject to extensive and evolving energy, commodities, environmental, health and safety and other governmental laws and regulations. in addition, liability may be incurred without regard to fault under certain environmental laws and regulations for the remediation of contaminated areas. further, through these activities we are exposed to regulatory, physical and certain indirect risks associated with climate change.
although we have attempted to mitigate our environmental risks by, among other measures, selling or ceasing much of our prior petroleum storage and transportation activities and adopting appropriate policies and procedures for power plant operations and implementing emergency response programs, these actions may not prove adequate to address every contingency. in addition, insurance covering some of these risks may not be available, and the proceeds, if any, from
insurance recovery may not be adequate to cover liabilities with respect to particular incidents. as a result, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected by these events.
the bhc act provides a grandfather exemption for “activities related to the trading, sale or investment in commodities and underlying physical properties,” provided that we were engaged in “any of such activities as of september 30, 1997 in the united states” and provided that certain other conditions that are within our reasonable control are satisfied. if the federal reserve were to determine that any of our commodities activities did not qualify for the bhc act grandfather exemption, then we would likely be required to divest any such activities that did not otherwise conform to the bhc act. see also “scope of permitted activities” under “business—supervision and regulation” in part i, item 1.
we also expect the other laws and regulations affecting our commodities business to increase in both scope and complexity. during the past several years, intensified scrutiny of certain energy markets by federal, state and local authorities in the u.s. and abroad and the public has resulted in increased regulatory and legal enforcement, litigation and remedial proceedings involving companies conducting the activities in which we are engaged. in addition, new regulation of otc derivatives markets in the u.s. and similar legislation proposed or adopted abroad will impose significant new costs and impose new requirements on our commodities derivatives activities. we may incur substantial costs or loss of revenue in complying with current or future laws and regulations and our overall businesses and reputation may be adversely affected by the current legal environment. in addition, failure to comply with these laws and regulations may result in substantial civil and criminal fines and penalties.
a failure to address conflicts of interest appropriately could adversely affect our businesses and reputation.
as a global financial services firm that provides products and services to a large and diversified group of clients, including corporations, governments, financial institutions and individuals, we face potential conflicts of interest in the normal course of business. for example, potential conflicts can occur when there is a divergence of interests between us and a client, among clients, or between an employee on the one hand and us or a client on the other. we have policies, procedures and controls that are designed to identify and address potential conflicts of interest. however, identifying and mitigating potential conflicts of interest can be complex and challenging, and can become the focus of media and regulatory scrutiny. indeed, actions that merely appear to create a conflict can put our reputation at risk even if the likelihood of an actual conflict has been mitigated. it is possible that potential conflicts could give rise to litigation or enforcement actions, which may lead to our clients being less willing to enter into transactions in which a conflict may occur and could adversely affect our businesses and reputation.
our regulators have the ability to scrutinize our activities for potential conflicts of interest, including through detailed examinations of specific transactions. our status as a bank holding company supervised by the federal reserve subjects us to direct federal reserve scrutiny with respect to transactions between our u.s. bank subsidiaries and their affiliates.
risk management.
our risk management strategies, models and processes may not be fully effective in mitigating our risk exposures in all market environments or against all types of risk.
we have devoted significant resources to develop our risk management policies and procedures and expect to continue to do so in the future. nonetheless, our risk management strategies, models and processes, including our use of various risk models for assessing market exposures and hedging strategies, stress testing and other analysis, may not be fully effective in mitigating our risk exposure in all market environments or against all types of risk, including risks that are unidentified or unanticipated. as our businesses change and grow, and the markets in which we operate evolve, our risk management strategies, models and processes may not always adapt with those changes. some of our methods of managing risk are based upon our use of observed historical market behavior and management’s judgment. as a result, these methods may not predict future risk exposures, which could be significantly greater than the historical measures indicate. in addition, many models we use are based on assumptions or inputs regarding correlations among prices of various asset classes or other market indicators and therefore cannot anticipate sudden, unanticipated or unidentified market or economic movements, which could cause us to incur losses.
management of market, credit, liquidity, operational, legal, regulatory and compliance risks requires, among other things, policies and procedures to record properly and verify a large number of transactions and events, and these policies and procedures may not be fully effective. our trading risk management strategies and techniques also seek to balance our ability to profit from trading positions with our exposure to potential losses. while we employ a broad and diversified set of risk monitoring and risk mitigation techniques, those techniques and the judgments that accompany their application cannot anticipate every economic and financial outcome or the timing of such outcomes. for example, to the extent that our trading or investing activities involve less liquid trading markets or are otherwise subject to restrictions on sale or hedging, we may not be able to reduce our positions and therefore reduce our risk associated with such positions. we may, therefore, incur losses in the course of our trading or investing activities. for more information on how we monitor and manage market and certain other risks and related strategies, models and processes, see “quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk—risk management—market risk” in part ii, item 7a.
competitive environment.
we face strong competition from other financial services firms, which could lead to pricing pressures that could materially adversely affect our revenue and profitability.
the financial services industry and all aspects of our businesses are intensely competitive, and we expect them to remain so. we compete with commercial banks, brokerage firms, insurance companies, electronic trading and clearing platforms, financial data repositories, sponsors of mutual funds, hedge funds, energy companies and other companies offering financial or ancillary services in the u.s., globally and through the internet. we compete on the basis of several factors, including transaction execution, capital or access to capital, products and services, innovation, technology, reputation, risk appetite and price. over time, certain sectors of the financial services industry have become more concentrated, as institutions involved in a broad range of financial services have left businesses, been acquired by or merged into other firms or have declared bankruptcy. such changes could result in our remaining competitors gaining greater capital and other resources, such as the ability to offer a broader range of products and services and geographic diversity, or new competitors may emerge. we have experienced and may continue to experience pricing pressures as a result of these factors and as some of our competitors seek to obtain market share by reducing prices. in addition, certain of our competitors may be subject to different, and in some cases, less stringent, legal and regulatory regimes, than we are, thereby putting us at a competitive disadvantage. for more information regarding the competitive environment in which we operate, see “business—competition” and “business—supervision and regulation” in part i, item 1.
automated trading markets may adversely affect our business and may increase competition.
we have experienced intense price competition in some of our businesses in recent years. in particular, the ability to execute securities, derivatives and other financial instrument trades electronically on exchanges, swap execution facilities, and other automated trading platforms has increased the pressure on bid-offer spreads, commissions, markups or comparable fees. the trend toward direct access to automated, electronic markets will likely continue and will likely increase as additional markets move to more automated trading platforms. we have experienced and it is likely that we will continue to experience competitive pressures in these and other areas in the future as some of our competitors may seek to obtain market share by reducing bid-offer spreads, commissions, markups or comparable fees.
our ability to retain and attract qualified employees is critical to the success of our business and the failure to do so may materially adversely affect our performance.
our people are our most important resource and competition for qualified employees is intense. if we are unable to continue to attract and retain highly qualified employees, or do so at rates or in forms necessary to maintain our competitive position, or if compensation costs required to attract and retain employees become more expensive, our performance, including our competitive position, could be materially adversely affected. the financial industry has experienced and may continue to experience more stringent regulation of employee compensation, including limitations relating to incentive-based compensation, clawback requirements and special taxation, which could have an adverse effect on our ability to hire or retain the most qualified employees.
we are subject to numerous political, economic, legal, operational, franchise and other risks as a result of our international operations which could adversely impact our businesses in many ways.
we are subject to political, economic, legal, tax, operational, franchise and other risks that are inherent in operating in many countries, including risks of possible nationalization, expropriation, price controls, capital controls, exchange controls, increased taxes and levies and other restrictive governmental actions, as well as the outbreak of hostilities or political and governmental instability. in many countries, the laws and regulations applicable to the securities and financial services industries are uncertain and evolving, and it may be difficult for us to determine the exact requirements of local laws in every market. our inability to remain in compliance with local laws in a particular market could have a significant and negative effect not only on our business in that market but also on our reputation generally. we are also subject to the enhanced risk that transactions we structure might not be legally enforceable in all cases.
various emerging market countries have experienced severe political, economic and financial disruptions, including significant devaluations of their currencies, defaults or potential defaults on sovereign debt, capital and currency exchange controls, high rates of inflation and low or negative growth rates in their economies. crime and corruption, as well as issues of security and personal safety, also exist in certain of these countries. these conditions could adversely impact our businesses and increase volatility in financial markets generally.
the emergence of a disease pandemic or other widespread health emergency, or concerns over the possibility of such an emergency as well as natural disasters, terrorist activities or military actions, could create economic and financial disruptions in emerging markets and other areas throughout the world, and could lead to operational difficulties (including travel limitations) that could impair our ability to manage our businesses around the world.
as a u.s. company, we are required to comply with the economic sanctions and embargo programs administered by ofac and similar multi-national bodies and governmental agencies worldwide, as well as applicable anti-corruption laws in the jurisdictions in which we operate, such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and the u.k. bribery act. a violation of a sanction, embargo program, or anti-corruption law could subject us, and individual employees, to a regulatory enforcement action as well as significant civil and criminal penalties.
acquisition, divestiture and joint venture risk.
we may be unable to fully capture the expected value from acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures, minority stakes and strategic alliances.
in connection with past or future acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures or strategic alliances (including with mitsubishi ufj financial group, inc.), we face numerous risks and uncertainties combining, transferring, separating or integrating the relevant businesses and systems, including the need to combine or separate accounting and data processing systems and management controls and to integrate relationships with clients, trading counterparties and business partners. in the case of joint ventures and minority stakes, we are subject to additional risks and uncertainties because we may be dependent upon, and subject to liability, losses or reputational damage relating to, systems, controls and personnel that are not under our control.
in addition, conflicts or disagreements between us and any of our joint venture partners may negatively impact the benefits to be achieved by the relevant joint venture.
there is no assurance that any of our acquisitions or divestitures will be successfully integrated or disaggregated or yield all of the positive benefits anticipated. if we are not able to integrate or disaggregate successfully our past and future acquisitions or dispositions, there is a risk that our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows may be materially and adversely affected.
certain of our business initiatives, including expansions of existing businesses, may bring us into contact, directly or indirectly, with individuals and entities that are not within our traditional client and counterparty base and may expose us to
new asset classes and new markets. these business activities expose us to new and enhanced risks, greater regulatory scrutiny of these activities, increased credit-related, sovereign and operational risks, and reputational concerns regarding the manner in which these assets are being operated or held.
for more information regarding the regulatory environment in which we operate, see also “business—supervision and regulation” in part i, item 1.
item 7.   management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
morgan stanley, a financial holding company, is a global financial services firm that maintains significant market positions in each of its business segments—institutional securities, wealth management and investment management. morgan stanley, through its subsidiaries and affiliates, provides a wide variety of products and services to a large and diversified group of clients and customers, including corporations, governments, financial institutions and individuals. unless the context otherwise requires, the terms “morgan stanley” or the “company” mean morgan stanley (the “parent”) together with its consolidated subsidiaries.
a description of the clients and principal products and services of each of the company’s business segments is as follows:
institutional securities provides investment banking, sales and trading and other services to corporations, governments, financial institutions, and high-to-ultra high net worth clients. investment banking services comprise capital raising and financial advisory services, including services relating to the underwriting of debt, equity and other securities as well as advice on mergers and acquisitions, restructurings, real estate and project finance. sales and trading services include sales, financing and market-making activities in equity securities and fixed income products, including foreign exchange and commodities, as well as prime brokerage services. other services include corporate lending activities and credit products, investments and research.
wealth management provides a comprehensive array of financial services and solutions to individual investors and small-to-medium sized businesses and institutions covering brokerage and investment advisory services, market-making activities in fixed income securities, financial and wealth planning services, annuity and insurance products, credit and other lending products, banking and retirement plan services.
investment management provides a broad range of investment strategies and products that span geographies, asset classes, and public and private markets, to a diverse group of clients across institutional and intermediary channels. institutional clients include defined benefit/defined contribution pensions, foundations, endowments, government entities, sovereign wealth funds, insurance companies, third-party fund sponsors and corporations. individual clients are serviced through intermediaries, including affiliated and non-affiliated distributors. strategies and products comprise traditional asset management, including equity, fixed income, liquidity, alternatives and managed futures products as well as merchant banking and real estate investing.
the results of operations in the past have been, and in the future may continue to be, materially affected by competition, risk factors, legislative, legal and regulatory developments, as well as other factors. these factors also may have an adverse impact on the company’s ability to achieve its strategic objectives. additionally, the discussion of the company’s results of operations below may contain forward-looking statements. these statements, which reflect management’s beliefs and expectations, are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. for a discussion of the risks and uncertainties that may affect the company’s future results, see “forward-looking statements” immediately preceding part i, item 1, “business—competition” and “business—supervision and regulation” in part i, item 1, “risk factors” in part i, item 1a and “liquidity and capital resources—regulatory requirements” herein.
overview of financial results.
2015 compared with 2014.
•   the company reported net revenues of $35,155 million in 2015, a 3% increase from net revenues of $34,275 million in 2014. the impact of debt valuation adjustment (“dva”) included in net revenues was positive $618 million and $651 million in 2015 and 2014, respectively.
•                                                    net income applicable to morgan stanley for the current year was $6,127 million, or $2.90 per diluted common share, compared with $3,467 million, or
$1.60 per diluted common share, a year ago. the current year included net discrete tax benefits of $564 million, or $0.29 per diluted common share, compared with $2,226 million, or $1.13 per diluted common share, in the prior year. for a further discussion of these net discrete tax benefits, see “supplemental financial information and disclosures—income tax matters” herein. the prior year also included litigation costs related to residential mortgage-backed securities and credit crisis matters of $3,083 million, or a loss of $1.47 per diluted common share, 2014 compensation actions of approximately $1,137 million (see also “supplemental financial information and disclosures—discretionary incentive compensation” herein), or a loss of $0.39 per diluted common share, and a funding valuation adjustment (“fva”) implementation charge of $468 million, or a loss of $0.17 per diluted common share.
•                                                        excluding dva, net revenues were $34,537 million in 2015 compared with $33,624 million in 2014, and net income applicable to morgan stanley was
$5,728 million, or $2.70 per diluted common share, in 2015 compared with $3,049 million, or $1.39 per diluted common share, in 2014. excluding both dva and the net discrete tax benefits, net income applicable to morgan stanley was $5,164 million, or
$2.41 per diluted common share, in 2015 compared with $823 million, or $0.26 per diluted common share, in 2014.
business segments.
•   institutional securities net revenues of $17,953 million in 2015 increased 6% compared with $16,871 million in 2014, primarily as a result of higher sales and trading net revenues, partially offset by lower other revenues and lower revenues in investment banking.
•   wealth management net revenues of $15,100 million in 2015 increased 1% from $14,888 million in 2014, primarily as a result of higher net interest income and asset management revenues, partially offset by lower transactional revenues.
•   investment management net revenues of $2,315 million in 2015 decreased 15% from $2,712 million in 2014, primarily reflecting the reversal of previously accrued carried interest, reduction in revenues attributable to non-controlling interests and markdowns on principal investments.
•                                                    compensation and benefits expenses of $16,016 million in 2015 were down 10% from $17,824 million in 2014, primarily due to the 2014 compensation actions, a decrease in 2015 in the fair value of deferred compensation plan referenced investments and carried interest, and a decrease in the level of discretionary incentive compensation in 2015 (see also “supplemental financial information and disclosures—discretionary incentive compensation” herein).
•         non-compensation expenses were $10,644 million in 2015 compared with $12,860 million in 2014, representing a 17% decrease, primarily as a result of lower legal expenses in the institutional securities business segment associated with residential mortgage-backed securities and credit crisis-related matters.
return on average common equity.
•   the return on average common equity was 8.5% in 2015, or 7.8% excluding dva, and 7.0% excluding dva and the net discrete tax benefits. for 2014, the return on average common equity was 4.8%, or 4.1% excluding dva, and 0.8% excluding dva and the net discrete tax benefits.
2014 compared with 2013.
•                                                   the company reported net revenues of $34,275 million in 2014, a 5% increase compared with $32,493 million in 2013. net revenues in 2014 included positive revenues due to the impact of dva of $651 million compared with negative revenues of $681 million in 2013. in addition, net revenues in 2014 included a charge of approximately $468 million related to the implementation of fva (see
“critical accounting policies” herein and note 2 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8), which was recorded in the institutional securities business segment.
•                                                     for 2014, net income applicable to morgan stanley was $3,467 million, or $1.60 per diluted common share, compared with $2,932 million, or $1.36 per diluted common share, in 2013. 2014 included net discrete tax benefits of $2,226 million, or $1.13 per diluted common share, compared with $407 million, or $0.21 per diluted common share, in 2013. for a further discussion of these net discrete tax benefits, see “supplemental financial information and disclosures—income tax matters” herein.
•                                                       excluding dva, net revenues were $33,624 million in 2014 compared with $33,174 million in 2013, and net income applicable to morgan stanley was
$3,049 million, or $1.39 per diluted common share, in 2014 compared with $3,384 million, or $1.59 per diluted common share, in 2013. excluding both dva and the net discrete tax benefits, net income applicable to morgan stanley was $823 million, or
$0.26 per diluted common share, in 2014 compared with $2,977 million, or $1.38 per diluted common share, in 2013.
business segments.
•   institutional securities net revenues of $16,871 million in 2014 increased 9% compared with $15,519 million in 2013, primarily as a result of an increase in sales and trading net revenues and investment banking revenues, partially offset by lower net investment gains.
•   wealth management net revenues of $14,888 million in 2014 increased 5% from $14,143 million in 2013, primarily as a result of higher asset management, distribution and administration fees and an increase in net interest income, partially offset by lower transactional revenues.
•                                               investment management net revenues of $2,712 million in 2014 decreased 11% from $3,059 million in 2013. the decrease in net revenues was primarily related to lower net investment gains, including from investments in the company’s employee deferred compensation and co-investment plans, and lower carried interest, partially offset by higher management and administration revenues.
•   compensation and benefits expenses of $17,824 million in 2014 increased 10% from $16,277 million in 2013, primarily due to the 2014 compensation actions of approximately $1,137 million (see “supplemental financial information and disclosures—discretionary incentive compensation” herein).
•   non-compensation expenses were $12,860 million in 2014 compared with $11,658 million in 2013, representing a 10% increase, primarily due to higher legal expenses.
return on average common equity.
•   the return on average common equity was 4.8% in 2014, or 4.1% excluding dva, and 0.8% excluding dva and the net discrete tax benefits. return on average common equity in 2013 was 4.3%, or 4.9% excluding dva, and 4.3% excluding dva and the net discrete tax benefits.
selected financial information.
in addition to the selected financial data presented in part ii, item 6, the following financial information is presented below:
business segment financial information and other statistical data.
institutional securities                                                              $17,953                       $16,871                       $15,519
wealth management                                                                      15,100                        14,888                        14,143
investment management                                                                   2,315                         2,712                         3,059
institutional securities                                                               $3,713                          $(77   )                      $983
wealth management                                                                       2,085                         3,192                         1,473
investment management                                                                     345                           366                           519
pre-tax profit margin(2):
institutional securities                                                                  26%                           n/m                            6%
wealth management                                                                         22%                           20%                           18%
investment management                                                                     21%                           24%                           33%
average common equity (dollars in billions)(3)(4):
institutional securities                                                                $34.6                         $32.2                         $37.9
wealth management                                                                        11.2                          11.2                          13.2
investment management                                                                     2.2                           2.9                           2.8
parent capital                                                                           18.9                          19.0                           8.0
consolidated average common equity                                                      $66.9                         $65.3                         $61.9
return on average common equity(3)(4):
institutional securities                                                                10.0%                           n/m                          2.3%
wealth management                                                                       16.9%                         27.5%                          9.9%
investment management                                                                   15.8%                         12.8%                         18.1%
global liquidity reserve managed by bank and non-bank legal entities(6):
bank legal entities                                                                 $94,328                              $87,944
non-bank legal entities                                                             108,936                              105,225
maturities of long-term borrowings outstanding (next 12 months)                     $22,396                              $20,740
capital ratios (transitional)(7):
common equity tier 1 capital ratio                                                    15.5%                                12.6%
tier 1 capital ratio                                                                  17.4%                                14.1%
total capital ratio                                                                   20.7%                                16.4%
tier 1 leverage ratio(8)                                                               8.3%                                 7.9%
assets under management or supervision (dollars in billions)(9):
wealth management                                                                      $784                                 $778
investment management                                                                   406                                  403
selected non-generally accepted accounting principles (“non-gaap”) financial information.
from time to time, the company may disclose certain “non-gaap financial measures” in the course of its earnings releases, earnings conference calls, financial presentations and otherwise. the u.s. securities and exchange commission (“sec”) defines a “non-gaap financial measure” as a numerical measure of historical or future financial performance, financial positions, or cash flows that excludes, or includes, amounts or is subject to adjustments that effectively exclude, or include, amounts from the most directly comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states (“u.s. gaap”). non-gaap financial measures disclosed by the company are provided as additional information to investors in order to provide them with further transparency about, or as an alternative method for assessing, the company’s financial condition, operating results or prospective regulatory capital requirements. these measures are not in accordance with, or a substitute for, u.s. gaap and may be different from or inconsistent with non-gaap financial measures used by other companies. whenever the company refers to a non-gaap financial measure, the company will also generally define it or present the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with u.s. gaap, along with a reconciliation of the differences between the non-gaap financial measure and the u.s. gaap financial measure.
reconciliation of financial measures from a non-gaap to a u.s. gaap basis.
net income applicable to morgan stanley net income applicable to morgan stanley, excluding dva and net discrete tax benefits—non-gaap              $5,164                           $823                        $2,977
impact of net discrete tax benefits(10)                                                                       564                          2,226                           407
earnings per diluted common share earnings per diluted common share, excluding dva and net discrete tax benefits—non-gaap                     $2.41                          $0.26                         $1.38
impact of net discrete tax benefits(10)                                                                      0.29                           1.13                          0.21
impact of net discrete tax benefits(10)                                                                    (6.6)%                        (62.0)%                        (8.9)%
average common equity, return on average common equity, average tangible common equity, return on average tangible common equity and tangible book value per common share are all non-gaap financial measures the company considers to be useful to the company and investors to assess capital adequacy and to allow better comparability of period-to-period operating performance. for a discussion of tangible common equity, see “liquidity and capital resources—tangible equity” herein.
non-gaap financial measures.
average common equity(4)(11)
average common equity, excluding dva and net discrete tax benefits                             $67,139                $65,679                $62,805
average common equity, excluding dva                                                           $67,573                $66,392                $62,952
average common equity                                                                          $66,936                $65,284                $61,895
return on average common equity(4)(12)
return on average common equity, excluding dva and net discrete tax benefits                      7.0%                   0.8%                   4.3%
return on average common equity, excluding dva                                                    7.8%                   4.1%                   4.9%
return on average common equity                                                                   8.5%                   4.8%                   4.3%
average tangible common equity(11)
average tangible common equity, excluding dva and net discrete tax benefits                    $57,478                $55,943                $53,906
average tangible common equity, excluding dva                                                  $57,912                $56,656                $54,052
average tangible common equity                                                                 $57,275                $55,548                $52,995
return on average tangible common equity(13)
return on average tangible common equity, excluding dva and net discrete tax benefits              8.2   %                0.9   %                5.0   %
return on average tangible common equity, excluding dva                                           9.1%                   4.8%                   5.8%
return on average tangible common equity                                                          9.9%                   5.7%                   5.0%
tangible book value per common share(14)   $30.26            $28.26
dva—debt valuation adjustment represents the change in the fair value of certain of the company’s long-term and short-term borrowings resulting from the fluctuation in its credit spreads and other credit factors.
(1)                                                  the institutional securities business segment’s net income applicable to noncontrolling interests was $133 million, $109 million and $278
million in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the wealth management business segment’s net income applicable to noncontrolling interests was $221 million in 2013. the investment management business segment’s net income applicable to noncontrolling interests was $19 million, $91 million and $182 million in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. see note 15 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for further information.
(2)   pre-tax profit margin is a non-gaap financial measure that the company considers to be a useful measure to the company and investors to assess operating performance. percentages represent income from continuing operations before income taxes as a percentage of net revenues.
(3)                                                       the computation of average common equity for each business segment is determined using the company’s required capital framework, an internal capital adequacy measure (see “liquidity and capital resources—regulatory requirements—required capital” herein). the calculation of each business segment’s return on average common equity equals net income applicable to morgan stanley less preferred dividends as a percentage of each business segment’s average common equity. the effective tax rates used in the computation of each business segment’s return on average common equity were determined on a separate legal entity basis. average common equity and the return on average common equity for each business segment are non-gaap financial measures that the company considers to be useful measures to the company and investors to assess capital adequacy and to allow better comparability of period-to-period operating performance, respectively.
(4)                                                        the calculation of return on average common equity equals consolidated net income applicable to morgan stanley less preferred dividends as a percentage of average common equity. to determine the return on average common equity, excluding dva, and excluding dva and net discrete tax benefits, both the numerator and denominator were adjusted to exclude those items. average common equity, the return on average common equity, and average common equity and the return on average common equity, both excluding dva, and excluding dva and net discrete tax benefits, are non-gaap financial measures that the company considers useful for investors to assess capital adequacy and to allow better comparability of period-to-period operating performance.
(5)   for a discussion regarding the geographic methodology for net revenues, see note 21 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.
(6)   for a discussion of global liquidity reserve, see “liquidity and capital resources—liquidity risk management framework—global liquidity reserve” herein.
(7)   for a discussion of the company’s methods for calculating its risk-based capital ratios, see “liquidity and capital resources—regulatory requirements” herein.
(8)   see note 14 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for information on the tier 1 leverage ratio.
(9)                                                          amounts exclude the investment management business segment’s proportionate share of assets managed by entities in which it owns a minority stake and assets for which fees are not generated. for 2015, amounts include $4.6 billion of inflows related to the transfer of certain portfolio managers and their portfolios from the wealth management business segment to the investment management business segment.
(10)   for a discussion of the company’s net discrete tax benefits, see “supplemental financial information and disclosures—income tax matters” herein.
(11)                                             the impact of dva on average common equity and average tangible common equity was $(637) million, $(1,108) million and $(1,057) million in 2015,
2014 and 2013, respectively. the impact of net discrete tax benefits on average common equity and average tangible common equity was approximately $434 million, $713 million and $146 million in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
(12)   the impact of dva on return on average common equity was 0.7%, 0.7% and (0.6)% in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the impact of net discrete tax benefits on return on average common equity was 0.8%, 3.3% and 0.6% in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
(13)                                                     the calculation of return on average tangible common equity equals net income applicable to morgan stanley less preferred dividends as a percentage of average tangible common equity. to determine the return on average tangible common equity, excluding dva, and excluding dva and net discrete tax benefits, both the numerator and the denominator were adjusted to exclude the impact of dva and the impact of net discrete tax benefits. the impact of dva was 0.8%, 0.9% and (0.8)% in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the impact of net discrete tax benefits was 0.9%, 3.9% and 0.8% in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
(14)    tangible book value per common share equals tangible common equity of $58,098 million at december 31, 2015 and $55,138 million at december 31, 2014 divided by common shares outstanding of 1,920 million at december 31, 2015 and 1,951 million at december 31, 2014.
return on equity target.
the company is aiming to improve its returns to shareholders, and has established a target of achieving a 9% to 11% return on average common equity excluding dva (“return on equity”) by 2017, subject to the successful execution of its strategic objectives.
the company plans to progress toward achieving its return on equity target through the following key elements of its strategy:
•   revenue and profitability growth:
•   wealth management pre-tax margin improvement to approximately 23% to 25% through net interest income growth via continued high quality lending, expense efficiency and business growth;
•   continued strength in investment banking and equity sales and trading results;
•   steady performance in investment management;
•   expense efficiency:
•   achieve an expense efficiency target ratio excluding dva of 74%, assuming a flat revenue environment (not including any outsized litigation expense or penalties);
•   sufficient capital:
•   continuing to right-size the fixed income and commodities sales and trading business from an operational and capital standpoint; and
•   increasing capital returns to shareholders, subject to regulatory approval.
the company’s return on equity target and its related strategies, goals and targets are forward-looking statements that may be materially affected by many factors including, among other things: macroeconomic and market conditions; legislative and regulatory developments; industry trading and investment banking volumes; equity market levels; interest rate environment; legal expenses; capital levels; and discrete tax items. given the uncertainties surrounding these and other factors, there are significant risks that the company’s return on equity target and its related strategies and targets may not be realized. actual results may differ from goals and targets, and the differences may be material and adverse. accordingly, the company cautions that undue reliance should not be placed on any of these forward-looking statements. see “forward-looking statements” immediately preceding part i, item 1, and “risk factors” in part i, item 1a, for additional information regarding these forward-looking statements.
return on equity, excluding dva, and pre-tax margin are non-gaap financial measures that the company considers to be useful measures to the company’s investors to assess operating performance. the company’s expense efficiency ratio, excluding dva, represents total non-interest expenses as a percentage of net revenues, excluding dva. for 2015, the company’s expense efficiency ratio was 77%, which was calculated as non-interest expenses of $26,660 million divided by net revenues of $34,537 million, which excludes the positive impact of $618 million from dva. the expense efficiency ratio, excluding dva, is a non-gaap financial measure that the company considers useful for investors to assess operating performance.
global market and economic conditions.
during the first half of 2015, global growth was supported by a rebound in the u.s. and firmer growth in the euro zone and the united kingdom (“u.k.”) economies, partially offset by sluggishness in major emerging market economies. during the second half of 2015, global growth slowed as a result of the continued sluggishness of emerging market economies, declines
in energy prices and the slowdown of china’s economic growth. global real gross domestic product growth decelerated in 2015 from 2014. growth in emerging market economies slowed for a fourth straight year, while growth in developed market economies was steady but sluggish. notable trends during the year included falling oil and other commodity prices, an appreciating u.s. dollar weighing on global trade flows and increasing policy challenges in a number of major emerging market economies, most notably china. the u.s. board of governors of the federal reserve system (the “federal reserve”) announced a rate increase in december 2015 based on cumulative labor market progress and rising confidence in achieving its inflation target. however, with europe and japan still struggling and china decelerating, the european central bank, the bank of japan and the people’s bank of china acted to continue their targeted monetary policy easing measures. subsequent to december 31, 2015, the bank of japan announced a program of quantitative and qualitative monetary easing with a negative interest rate that introduced a three tier policy rate system for bank reserves with a low rate of (0.1)%.
business segments.
substantially all of the company’s operating revenues and operating expenses are directly attributable to its business segments. certain revenues and expenses have been allocated to each business segment, generally in proportion to its respective net revenues, non-interest expenses or other relevant measures.
as a result of treating certain intersegment transactions as transactions with external parties, the company includes an intersegment eliminations category to reconcile the business segment results to its consolidated results.
trading.    trading revenues include revenues from customers’ purchases and sales of financial instruments in which the company acts as a market maker as well as gains and losses on the company’s related positions and other positions carried at fair value. trading revenues include the realized gains and losses from sales of cash instruments and derivative settlements, unrealized gains and losses from ongoing fair value changes of the company’s positions related to market-making activities, and gains and losses related to investments associated with certain employee deferred compensation plans and other positions carried at fair value. in many markets, the realized and unrealized gains and losses from the purchase and sale transactions will include any spreads between bids and offers. certain fees received on loans carried at fair value and dividends from equity securities are also recorded in this line item since they relate to positions carried at fair value. commissions received for purchasing and selling listed equity securities and options are recorded separately in commissions and fees. other cash and derivative instruments typically do not have fees associated with them, and fees for related services are recorded in commissions and fees.
the company often invests in investments or other financial instruments to economically hedge its obligations under its deferred compensation plans. changes in the value of such investments are recorded in trading revenues and investments revenues. expenses associated with the related deferred compensation plans are recorded in compensation and benefits. compensation expense is calculated based on the notional value of the award granted, adjusted for upward and downward changes in fair value of the referenced investment, and is recognized ratably over the prescribed vesting period for the award. generally, changes in compensation expense resulting from changes in fair value of the referenced investment will be offset by changes in fair value of the investments made by the company. however, there may be a timing difference between the immediate revenue recognition of gains and losses on the company’s investments and the deferred recognition of the related compensation expense over the vesting period.
as a market maker, the company stands ready to buy, sell or otherwise transact with customers under a variety of market conditions and to provide firm or indicative prices in response to customer requests. the company’s liquidity obligations can be explicit and obligatory in some cases, and in others, customers expect the company to be willing to transact with them. in order to most effectively fulfill its market-making function, the company engages in activities across all of its trading businesses that include, but are not limited to: (i) taking positions in anticipation of, and in response to, customer demand to buy or sell and—depending on the liquidity of the relevant market and the size of the position—to hold those positions for a period of time; (ii) managing and assuming basis risk (risk associated with imperfect hedging) between customized customer risks and the standardized products available in the market to hedge those risks; (iii) building, maintaining and rebalancing inventory, through trades with other market participants, and engaging in accumulation activities to accommodate anticipated customer demand; (iv) trading in the market to remain current on pricing and trends; and (v) engaging in other activities to
provide efficiency and liquidity for markets. although not included in trading revenues, interest income and expense are also impacted by market-making activities, as debt securities held by the company earn interest and securities are loaned, borrowed, sold with agreement to repurchase and purchased with agreement to resell.
investments.    the company’s investments generally are held for long-term appreciation, or as discussed above, hedging purposes, and generally are subject to significant sales restrictions. estimates of the fair value of the investments may involve significant judgment and may fluctuate significantly over time in light of business, market, economic and financial conditions generally or in relation to specific transactions. in some cases, such investments are required or are a necessary part of offering other products. the revenues recorded are the result of realized gains and losses from sales and unrealized gains and losses from ongoing fair value changes of the company’s holdings, as well as from investments associated with certain employee deferred compensation and co-investment plans. typically, there are no fee revenues from these investments. the sales restrictions on the investments relate primarily to redemption and withdrawal restrictions on investments in real estate funds, hedge funds and private equity funds, which include investments made in connection with certain employee deferred compensation plans (see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8). restrictions on interests in exchanges and clearinghouses generally include a requirement to hold those interests for the period of time that the company is clearing trades on that exchange or clearinghouse. additionally, there are certain investments related to assets held by consolidated real estate funds, which are primarily related to holders of noncontrolling interests.
commissions and fees.    commission and fee revenues primarily arise from agency transactions in listed and over-the-counter (“otc”) equity securities, services related to sales and trading activities, and sales of mutual funds, futures, insurance products and options.
asset management, distribution and administration fees.    asset management, distribution and administration fees include fees associated with the management and supervision of assets, account services and administration, performance-based fees relating to certain funds, separately managed accounts, shareholder servicing and the distribution of certain open-ended mutual funds.
asset management, distribution and administration fees in the wealth management business segment also include revenues from individual and institutional investors electing a fee-based pricing arrangement and fees for investment management. mutual fund distribution fees in the wealth management business segment are based on either the average daily fund net asset balances or average daily aggregate net fund sales and are affected by changes in the overall level and mix of assets under management or supervision.
asset management fees in the investment management business segment arise from investment management services the company provides to investment vehicles pursuant to various contractual arrangements. the company receives fees primarily based upon mutual fund daily average net assets or based on monthly or quarterly invested equity for other vehicles. performance-based fees in the investment management business segment are earned on certain products as a percentage of appreciation earned by those products and, in certain cases, are based upon the achievement of performance criteria. these fees are normally earned annually and are recognized on a monthly or quarterly basis.
net interest.    interest income and interest expense are a function of the level and mix of total assets and liabilities, including trading assets and trading liabilities; investment securities, which include available for sale (“afs”) securities and held to maturity (“htm”) securities; securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell; securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase; loans; deposits; other short-term borrowings; long-term borrowings; trading strategies; customer activity in the prime brokerage business; and the prevailing level, term structure and volatility of interest rates.
institutional securities.    investment banking revenues are composed of fees from advisory services and revenues from the underwriting of securities offerings and syndication of loans, net of syndication expenses.
equity and fixed income and commodities sales and trading net revenues are composed of trading revenues; commissions and fees; asset management, distribution and administration fees; and net interest income (expense). in assessing the profitability of its sales and trading activities, the company views these net revenues in the aggregate. in addition, decisions
relating to trading are based on an overall review of aggregate revenues and costs associated with each transaction or series of transactions. this review includes, among other things, an assessment of the potential gain or loss associated with a transaction, including any associated commissions and fees, dividends, the interest income or expense associated with financing or hedging the company’s positions, and other related expenses. see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for further information related to gains (losses) on derivative instruments.
in addition to sales and trading net revenues discussed above, sales and trading net revenues also include other trading revenues, consisting of costs related to liquidity held (“negative carry”), gains (losses) on economic hedges related to the long-term borrowings and certain activities associated with the corporate lending activities.
wealth management.    net revenues are composed of transactional, asset management, net interest and other revenues.
transactional revenues include investment banking, trading, and commissions and fees. investment banking revenues include revenues from the distribution of equity and fixed income securities, including initial public offerings, secondary offerings, closed-end funds and unit trusts. trading revenues include revenues from customers’ purchases and sales of financial instruments, in which the company acts as principal, gains and losses on the company’s inventory positions, which are held primarily to facilitate customer transactions, and gains and losses associated with certain employee deferred compensation plans. revenues from commissions and fees primarily arise from agency transactions in listed and otc equity securities and sales of mutual funds, futures, insurance products and options.
asset management revenues include asset management, distribution and administration fees, and referral fees related to the bank deposit program.
net interest income includes interest related to the bank deposit program, interest on afs securities and htm securities, interest on lending activities and other net interest. interest income and interest expense are a function of the level and mix of total assets and liabilities. net interest is driven by securities-based lending, mortgage lending, margin loans, securities borrowed and securities loaned transactions and bank deposit program activity.
other revenues include revenues from the sale of afs securities, customer account services fees and other miscellaneous revenues.
investment management.    the investment management business segment generates investment banking revenues primarily from the acquisition of investments in mature real estate and merchant banking funds. investments revenue primarily consists of real estate and private equity investments that generally are held for long-term appreciation and generally subject to sales restrictions. estimates of the fair value of the investments involve significant judgment and may fluctuate materially over time in light of business, market, economic and financial conditions generally or in relation to specific transactions.
for information about the composition of sales and trading, investment and asset management revenues, see “net revenues” herein.
compensation and benefits expense includes accruals for base salaries and fixed allowances, formulaic programs, discretionary incentive compensation, amortization of deferred cash and equity awards, changes in fair value of deferred compensation plan referenced investments, severance costs, and other items such as health and welfare benefits. the factors that drive compensation for the company’s employees vary from quarter to quarter, segment to segment and within a segment. for certain revenue-producing employees in the wealth management and investment management business segments, their compensation is largely paid on the basis of formulaic payouts that link employee compensation to revenues. compensation for certain employees, including revenue-producing employees in the institutional securities business segment, may also include incentive compensation that is determined following the assessment of the company, business unit and individual performance. compensation for the company’s remaining employees is largely fixed in nature (e.g., base salary, benefits, etc.).
institutional securities income statement information
% change from prior year:
investment banking                                                          $5,008                   $5,203                   $4,377                 (4)%                     19%
investments                                                                    274                      240                      707                  14%                   (66)%
asset management, distribution and administration fees                         281                      281                      280                    —                       —
compensation and benefits                                                    6,467                    7,786                    6,823                (17)%                     14%
income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes                 4,671                      (58   )                  946                  n/m                     n/m provision for (benefit from) income taxes                                      825                      (90   )                 (315   )              n/m                     71%
income (loss) from discontinued operations before income taxes                 (24   )                  (26   )                  (81   )               8%                     68%
provision for (benefit from) income taxes                                       (7   )                   (7   )                  (29   )                —                     76%
net income applicable to redeemable noncontrolling interests                     —                        —                        1                  n/m                  (100)%
net income applicable to nonredeemable noncontrolling interests                133                      109                      277                  22%                   (61)%
investment banking.
investment banking revenues.
change from prior year:
underwriting revenues:
equity underwriting revenues                   1,398                   1,613                   1,262            (13)%                  28%
fixed income underwriting revenues             1,643                   1,956                   1,805            (16)%                   8%
total underwriting revenues                    3,041                   3,569                   3,067            (15)%                  16%
total investment banking revenues             $5,008                  $5,203                  $4,377             (4)%                  19%
investment banking volumes.
announced mergers and acquisitions(2)       $1,550                  $657                  $497
completed mergers and acquisitions(2)          636                   624                   526
equity and equity-related offerings(3)          67                    72                    61
(1)                                                       source: thomson reuters, data at january 15, 2016. announced and completed mergers and acquisitions volumes are based on full credit to each of the advisors in a transaction. equity and equity-related offerings and fixed income offerings are based on full credit for single book managers and equal credit for joint book managers. transaction volumes may not be indicative of net revenues in a given period. in addition, transaction volumes for prior periods may vary from amounts previously reported due to the subsequent withdrawal or change in the value of a transaction.
(2)   amounts include transactions of $100 million or more. announced mergers and acquisitions exclude terminated transactions.
(3)   amounts include rule 144a issuances and registered public offerings of common stock and convertible securities and rights offerings.
(4)   amounts include non-convertible preferred stock, mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities, and taxable municipal debt. amounts include publicly registered and rule 144a issues. amounts exclude leveraged loans and self-led issuances.
2015 compared with 2014.
investment banking revenues of $5,008 million in 2015 decreased 4% from the prior year due to lower underwriting revenues, partially offset by higher advisory revenues.
•   advisory revenues increased led primarily by merger, acquisition and restructuring transactions (“m&amp;a”) in the americas. global industry-wide announced m&amp;a volume activity for 2015 increased significantly compared with 2014.
•   equity underwriting revenues decreased driven by decreases in initial public offering volumes. fixed income underwriting revenues decreased primarily driven by lower non-investment grade bond and loan fees.
2014 compared with 2013.
investment banking revenues of $5,203 million in 2014 increased 19% from the prior year driven by increases across both underwriting and advisory revenues.
•   advisory revenues from m&amp;a increased due to increased deal activity in the americas and asia-pacific regions. industry-wide announced m&amp;a volume activity for 2014 increased across all regions compared with 2013, primarily driven by cross-border activity.
•   equity underwriting revenues increased driven by increased activity with clients across all regions. fixed income underwriting revenues increased driven by increased investment grade volumes.
change from prior year:
asset management, distribution and administration fees               281                     281                      280                —                      —
sales and trading net revenues by business.
change from prior year:
equity                                          $8,288                  $7,135                  $6,529                16%                     9%
fixed income and commodities                     4,758                   4,214                   3,594                13%                    17%
(1)   results in 2014 included a charge of $468 million related to the implementation of fva (equity: $2 million; fixed income and commodities: $466
sales and trading net revenues, including equity and fixed income and commodities sales and trading net revenues that exclude the impact of dva, or exclude the impact of dva and the initial implementation of fva, are non-gaap financial measures that the company considers useful for the company and investors to allow further comparability of period-to-period operating performance.
change from prior year:
equity sales and trading net revenues—non-gaap                                $8,125                 $6,905                 $6,607                  18%                  5%
impact of dva                                                                    163                    232                    (78   )            (30)%                  n/m impact of fva                                                                      —                     (2   )                  —                 100%                  n/m equity sales and trading net revenues                                         $8,288                 $7,135                 $6,529                  16%                  9%
fixed income and commodities sales and trading net revenues—non-gaap          $4,303                 $4,261                 $4,197                   1%                  2%
impact of dva                                                                    455                    419                   (603   )               9%                  n/m impact of fva                                                                      —                   (466   )                  —                 100%                  n/m fixed income and commodities sales and trading net revenues                   $4,758                 $4,214                 $3,594                  13%                  17%
2015 compared with 2014.
total sales and trading net revenues, excluding the impact of dva and the initial implementation of fva, of $11,832 million in 2015 increased 12% from the prior year due to higher equity, fixed income and commodities revenues.
equity.
•                                         equity sales and trading net revenues, excluding the impact of dva and the implementation of fva, increased driven by strong results in prime brokerage and derivatives products. higher client balances primarily drove the increase in prime brokerage results, while the improved results in derivatives reflected increased client activity and gains on inventory.
fixed income and commodities.
•   excluding the impact of dva and the implementation of fva, fixed income and commodities sales and trading net revenues increased as higher commodity net revenues were partially offset by lower fixed income product results.
•                         fixed income product net revenues, excluding the impact of dva and the implementation of fva, decreased due to lower results in credit and securitized products from wider credit spread environment which were partially offset by higher revenues in interest rates and foreign exchange products from higher client activity.
•                                                 commodity net revenues, excluding the impact of dva and the implementation of fva, increased primarily reflecting higher revenues from the global oil merchanting business, which was sold on november 1, 2015 (see “investments, other revenues, non-interest expenses, income tax items, dispositions and other items—2015 compared with 2014—dispositions” herein). the increase was partially offset by credit driven losses and the absence of revenues from transmontaigne inc., which was sold on july 1, 2014 (see “investments, other revenues, non-interest expenses, income tax items, dispositions and other items—2014 compared with 2013—dispositions” herein).
2014 compared with 2013.
total sales and trading net revenues, excluding the impact of dva and the implementation of fva, of $10,561 million in 2014 increased 1% from the prior year due to higher equity and fixed income and commodities revenues partially offset by higher losses in other sales and trading net revenues.
equity.
•                 equity sales and trading net revenues, excluding the impact of dva and the implementation of fva of $2 million, increased primarily due to higher revenues in the prime brokerage business driven by higher client balances partially offset by a decrease in derivatives revenues, reflecting unfavorable volatility movement.
fixed income and commodities.
•                                            fixed income and commodities sales and trading net revenues in 2014 included a charge of $466 million related to the implementation of fva.
excluding the impact of dva and the implementation of fva, fixed income and commodities sales and trading net revenues increased as higher commodity net revenues were partially offset by lower fixed income product results.
•   fixed income product net revenues, excluding the impact of dva and the implementation of fva, decreased as higher results in interest rate products were offset by declines in credit products, which reflected an unfavorable market environment.
•                                   commodity net revenues, excluding the impact of dva and the implementation of fva, increased reflecting higher levels of client demand for structured transactions and volatility in natural gas and power partly offset by lower revenues in the oil related businesses in part attributable to transmontaigne inc., which was sold on july 1, 2014
(see “investments, other revenues, non-interest expenses, income tax items, dispositions and other items—2014 compared with 2013—dispositions” herein).
investments, other revenues, non-interest expenses, income tax items, dispositions and other items.
2015 compared with 2014.
investments.
•   net investment gains of $274 million in 2015 increased 14% from the prior year driven by gains on business related investments.
•          other revenues of $221 million in 2015 decreased 68% from the prior year primarily due to the absence of gains realized on certain assets sold in
2014 (see note 1 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8) and markdowns and provisions on loans held for sale and held for investment, respectively.
non-interest expenses of $13,282 million in 2015 decreased 22% from the prior year driven by a 25% reduction in non-compensation expenses and a 17% reduction in compensation and benefits expenses.
•                                     compensation and benefits expenses decreased primarily due to the 2014 compensation actions, a decrease in the fair value of deferred compensation plan referenced investments, and a decrease in the level of discretionary incentive compensation in 2015 (see also “supplemental financial information and disclosures—discretionary incentive compensation” herein).
•   non-compensation expenses decreased primarily due to lower litigation expenses.
income tax items.
in 2015, the company recognized in provision for (benefit from) income taxes net discrete tax benefits of $564 million. these net discrete tax benefits were primarily associated with the repatriation of non-u.s. earnings at a cost lower than originally estimated due to an internal restructuring to simplify the company’s legal entity organization in the u.k.
dispositions.
on november 1, 2015, the company completed the sale of its global oil merchanting unit of the commodities division to castleton commodities international llc. the loss on sale of approximately $71 million was recognized in other revenues.
2014 compared with 2013.
investments.
•             net investment gains of $240 million in 2014 decreased 66% from the prior year reflecting a gain recorded in 2013 related to the disposition of an investment in an insurance broker, and lower gains on principal investments and investments associated with the deferred compensation and co-investment plans in 2014.
•                       other revenues of $684 million remained unchanged. the results in 2014 included lower income from the company’s 40% stake in mitsubishi ufj morgan stanley securities co., ltd. (“mumss”) compared with 2013 (see “other items—japanese securities joint venture” herein and note 8 to the consolidated financial statements in