item 1a. risk factors risks relating to nee's and fpl's business the business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of nee and fpl are subject to a variety of risks, many of which are beyond the control of nee and fpl. the following is a description of important risks that may materially adversely affect the business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of nee and fpl and may cause actual results of nee and fpl to differ substantially from those that nee or fpl currently expects or seeks. in that event, the market price for the securities of nee or fpl could decline. accordingly, the risks described below should be carefully considered together with the other information set forth in this report and in future reports that nee and fpl file with the sec. the risks described below are not the only risks facing nee and fpl. additional risks and uncertainties may also materially adversely affect nee's or fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. each of nee and fpl has disclosed the material risks known to it to affect its business at this time. however, there may be further risks and uncertainties that are not presently known or that are not currently believed to be material that may in the future materially adversely affect the business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects of nee and fpl.
regulatory, legislative and legal risks nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be materially adversely affected by the extensive regulation of their business.
the operations of nee and fpl are subject to complex and comprehensive federal, state and other regulation. this extensive regulatory framework, portions of which are more specifically identified in the following risk factors, regulates, among other things and to varying degrees, nee's and fpl's industries, businesses, rates and cost structures, operation of nuclear power facilities, construction and operation of electricity generation, transmission and distribution facilities and natural gas and oil production, natural gas, oil and other fuel transportation, processing and storage facilities, acquisition, disposal, depreciation and amortization of facilities and other assets, decommissioning costs and funding, service reliability, wholesale and retail competition, and commodities trading and derivatives transactions. in their business planning and in the management of their operations, nee and fpl must address the effects of regulation on their business and any inability or failure to do so adequately could have a material adverse effect on their business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially adversely affected if they are unable to recover in a timely manner any significant amount of costs, a return on certain assets or a reasonable return on invested capital through base rates, cost recovery clauses, other regulatory mechanisms or otherwise.
fpl is a regulated entity subject to the jurisdiction of the fpsc over a wide range of business activities, including, among other items, the retail rates charged to its customers through base rates and cost recovery clauses, the terms and conditions of its services, procurement of electricity for its customers, issuances of securities, and aspects of the siting, construction and operation of its generation plants and transmission and distribution systems for the sale of electric energy. the fpsc has the authority to disallow recovery by fpl of costs that it considers excessive or imprudently incurred and to determine the level of return that fpl is permitted to earn on invested capital. the regulatory process, which may be adversely affected by the political, regulatory and economic environment in florida and elsewhere, limits fpl's ability to increase earnings. the regulatory process also does not provide any assurance as to achievement of authorized or other earnings levels, or that fpl will be permitted to earn an acceptable return on capital investments it wishes to make. nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially adversely affected if any material amount of costs, a return on certain assets or a reasonable return on invested capital cannot be recovered through base rates, cost recovery clauses, other regulatory mechanisms or otherwise. certain other subsidiaries of nee are regulated transmission utilities subject to the jurisdiction of their regulators and are subject to similar risks.
regulatory decisions that are important to nee and fpl may be materially adversely affected by political, regulatory and economic factors.
the local and national political, regulatory and economic environment has had, and may in the future have, an adverse effect on fpsc decisions with negative consequences for fpl. these decisions may require, for example, fpl to cancel or delay planned development activities, to reduce or delay other planned capital expenditures or to pay for investments or otherwise incur costs that it may not be able to recover through rates, each of which could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of nee and fpl. certain other subsidiaries of nee are subject to similar risks.
fpl's use of derivative instruments could be subject to prudence challenges and, if found imprudent, could result in disallowances of cost recovery for such use by the fpsc.
the fpsc engages in an annual prudence review of fpl's use of derivative instruments in its risk management fuel procurement program and should it find any such use to be imprudent, the fpsc could deny cost recovery for such use by fpl. such an outcome could have a material adverse effect on fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
any reductions to, or the elimination of, governmental incentives or policies that support utility scale renewable energy, including, but not limited to, tax incentives, rps, feed-in tariffs or the clean power plan, or the imposition of additional taxes or other assessments on renewable energy, could result in, among other items, the lack of a satisfactory market for the development of new renewable energy projects, neer abandoning the development of renewable energy projects, a loss of neer's investments in renewable energy projects and reduced project returns, any of which could have a material adverse effect on nee's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
neer depends heavily on government policies that support utility scale renewable energy and enhance the economic feasibility of developing and operating wind and solar energy projects in regions in which neer operates or plans to develop and operate renewable energy facilities. the federal government, a majority of the 50 u.s. states and portions of canada and spain provide incentives, such as tax incentives, rps, feed-in tariffs or the clean power plan, that support or are designed to support the sale of energy from utility scale renewable energy facilities, such as wind and solar energy facilities. as a result of budgetary constraints, political factors or otherwise, governments from time to time may review their policies that support renewable energy and consider actions that would make the policies less conducive to the development and operation of renewable energy facilities. any reductions to, or the elimination of, governmental incentives that support renewable energy, such as those reductions that have been enacted in spain and are applicable to neer's solar generation facilities in that country, or the imposition of additional taxes or other assessments on renewable energy, could result in, among other items, the lack of a satisfactory market for the development of new renewable energy projects, neer abandoning the development of renewable energy projects, a loss of neer's investments in the projects and reduced project returns, any of which could have a material adverse effect on nee's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially adversely affected as a result of new or revised laws, regulations, interpretations or other regulatory initiatives.
nee's and fpl's business is influenced by various legislative and regulatory initiatives, including, but not limited to, new or revised laws, regulations, interpretations and other regulatory initiatives regarding deregulation or restructuring of the energy industry, regulation of the commodities trading and derivatives markets, and regulation of environmental matters, such as regulation of air emissions, regulation of water consumption and water discharges, and regulation of gas and oil infrastructure operations, as well as associated environmental permitting. changes in the nature of the regulation of nee's and fpl's business could have a material adverse effect on nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. nee and fpl are unable to predict future legislative or regulatory changes, initiatives or interpretations, although any such changes, initiatives or interpretations may increase costs and competitive pressures on nee and fpl, which could have a material adverse effect on nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
fpl has limited competition in the florida market for retail electricity customers. any changes in florida law or regulation which introduce competition in the florida retail electricity market, such as government incentives that facilitate the installation of solar generation facilities on residential or other rooftops at below cost, or would permit third-party sales of electricity, could have a material adverse effect on fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. there can be no assurance that fpl will be able to respond adequately to such regulatory changes, which could have a material adverse effect on fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
neer is subject to ferc rules related to transmission that are designed to facilitate competition in the wholesale market on practically a nationwide basis by providing greater certainty, flexibility and more choices to wholesale power customers. nee cannot predict the impact of changing ferc rules or the effect of changes in levels of wholesale supply and demand, which are typically driven by factors beyond nee's control. there can be no assurance that neer will be able to respond adequately or sufficiently quickly to such rules and developments, or to any other changes that reverse or restrict the competitive restructuring of the energy industry in those jurisdictions in which such restructuring has occurred. any of these events could have a material adverse effect on nee's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially adversely affected if the rules implementing the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act (dodd-frank act) broaden the scope of its provisions regarding the regulation of otc financial derivatives and make certain provisions applicable to nee and fpl.
the dodd-frank act, enacted into law in july 2010 provides for, among other things, substantially increased regulation of the otc derivatives market and futures contract markets. while the legislation is broad and detailed, there are still portions of the legislation that either require implementing rules to be adopted by federal governmental agencies or otherwise require further interpretive guidance.
nee and fpl continue to monitor the development of rules related to the dodd-frank act and have taken steps to comply with those rules that affect their businesses. a number of rules have been finalized and are effective, but there are rules yet to be finalized and rules that have been finalized but may be amended in the future.
nee and fpl cannot predict the impact any proposed rules will have on their ability to hedge their commodity and interest rate risks or on otc derivatives markets as a whole, but they could potentially have a material adverse effect on nee's and fpl's risk exposure, as well as reduce market liquidity and further increase the cost of hedging activities.
nee and fpl are subject to numerous environmental laws, regulations and other standards that may result in capital expenditures, increased operating costs and various liabilities, and may require nee and fpl to limit or eliminate certain operations.
nee and fpl are subject to domestic and foreign environmental laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, extensive federal, state and local environmental statutes, rules and regulations relating to air quality, water quality and usage, climate change, emissions of greenhouse gases, including, but not limited to, co2, waste management, hazardous wastes, marine, avian and other wildlife mortality and habitat protection, historical artifact preservation, natural resources, health (including, but not limited to, electric and magnetic fields from power lines and substations), safety and rps, that could, among other things, prevent or delay the development of power generation, power or natural gas transmission, or other infrastructure projects, restrict the output of some existing facilities, limit the availability and use of some fuels required for the production of electricity, require additional pollution control equipment, and otherwise increase costs, increase capital expenditures and limit or eliminate certain operations.
there are significant capital, operating and other costs associated with compliance with these environmental statutes, rules and regulations, and those costs could be even more significant in the future as a result of new requirements, the current trend toward more stringent standards, and stricter or more expansive application of existing environmental regulations. for example, among other new, potential or pending changes are federal regulation of co2 emissions under the clean power plan and state and federal regulation of the use of hydraulic fracturing or similar technologies to drill for natural gas and related compounds used by nee's gas infrastructure business.
violations of current or future laws, rules, regulations or other standards could expose nee and fpl to regulatory and legal proceedings, disputes with, and legal challenges by, third parties, and potentially significant civil fines, criminal penalties and other sanctions. proceedings could include, for example, litigation regarding property damage, personal injury, common law nuisance and enforcement by citizens or governmental authorities of environmental requirements such as air, water and soil quality standards.
nee's and fpl's business could be negatively affected by federal or state laws or regulations mandating new or additional limits on the production of greenhouse gas emissions.
federal or state laws or regulations may be adopted that would impose new or additional limits on the emissions of greenhouse gases, including, but not limited to, co2 and methane, from electric generation units using fossil fuels like coal and natural gas. although it is currently subject to a stay issued by the u.s. supreme court, the clean power plan is an example of such a new regulation at the federal level. the potential effects of greenhouse gas emission limits on nee's and fpl's electric generation units are subject to significant uncertainties based on, among other things, the timing of the implementation of any new requirements, the required levels of emission reductions, the nature of any market-based or tax-based mechanisms adopted to facilitate reductions, the relative availability of greenhouse gas emission reduction offsets, the development of cost-effective, commercial-scale carbon capture and storage technology and supporting regulations and liability mitigation measures, and the range of available compliance alternatives.
while nee's and fpl's electric generation units emit greenhouse gases at a lower rate of emissions than most of the u.s. electric generation sector, the results of operations of nee and fpl could be materially adversely affected to the extent that new federal or state laws or regulations impose any new greenhouse gas emission limits. any future limits on greenhouse gas emissions could:
•   create substantial additional costs in the form of taxes or emission allowances;
•   make some of nee's and fpl's electric generation units uneconomical to operate in the long term;
•   require significant capital investment in carbon capture and storage technology, fuel switching, or the replacement of high-emitting generation facilities with lower-emitting generation facilities; or
•   affect the availability or cost of fossil fuels.
there can be no assurance that nee or fpl would be able to completely recover any such costs or investments, which could have a material adverse effect on their business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
extensive federal regulation of the operations of nee and fpl exposes nee and fpl to significant and increasing compliance costs and may also expose them to substantial monetary penalties and other sanctions for compliance failures.
nee and fpl are subject to extensive federal regulation, which generally imposes significant and increasing compliance costs on nee's and fpl's operations. additionally, any actual or alleged compliance failures could result in significant costs and other potentially adverse effects of regulatory investigations, proceedings, settlements, decisions and claims, including, among other items, potentially significant monetary penalties. as an example, under the energy policy act of 2005, nee and fpl, as owners and operators of bulk-power transmission systems and/or electric generation facilities, are subject to mandatory reliability standards. compliance with these mandatory reliability standards may subject nee and fpl to higher operating costs and may result in increased capital expenditures. if fpl or nee is found not to be in compliance with these standards, it may incur substantial monetary
penalties and other sanctions. both the costs of regulatory compliance and the costs that may be imposed as a result of any actual or alleged compliance failures could have a material adverse effect on nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
changes in tax laws, as well as judgments and estimates used in the determination of tax-related asset and liability amounts, could materially adversely affect nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
nee's and fpl's provision for income taxes and reporting of tax-related assets and liabilities require significant judgments and the use of estimates. amounts of tax-related assets and liabilities involve judgments and estimates of the timing and probability of recognition of income, deductions and tax credits, including, but not limited to, estimates for potential adverse outcomes regarding tax positions that have been taken and the ability to utilize tax benefit carryforwards, such as net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. actual income taxes could vary significantly from estimated amounts due to the future impacts of, among other things, changes in tax laws, regulations and interpretations, the financial condition and results of operations of nee and fpl, and the resolution of audit issues raised by taxing authorities. ultimate resolution of income tax matters may result in material adjustments to tax-related assets and liabilities, which could materially adversely affect nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be materially adversely affected due to adverse results of litigation.
nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be materially affected by adverse results of litigation. unfavorable resolution of legal proceedings in which nee is involved or other future legal proceedings, including, but not limited to, class action lawsuits, may have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of nee and fpl.
operational risks nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could suffer if nee and fpl do not proceed with projects under development or are unable to complete the construction of, or capital improvements to, electric generation, transmission and distribution facilities, gas infrastructure facilities or other facilities on schedule or within budget.
nee's and fpl's ability to complete construction of, and capital improvement projects for, their electric generation, transmission and distribution facilities, gas infrastructure facilities and other facilities on schedule and within budget may be adversely affected by escalating costs for materials and labor and regulatory compliance, inability to obtain or renew necessary licenses, rights-of-way, permits or other approvals on acceptable terms or on schedule, disputes involving contractors, labor organizations, land owners, governmental entities, environmental groups, native american and aboriginal groups, lessors, joint venture partners and other third parties, negative publicity, transmission interconnection issues and other factors. if any development project or construction or capital improvement project is not completed, is delayed or is subject to cost overruns, certain associated costs may not be approved for recovery or otherwise be recoverable through regulatory mechanisms that may be available, and nee and fpl could become obligated to make delay or termination payments or become obligated for other damages under contracts, could experience the loss of tax credits or tax incentives, or delayed or diminished returns, and could be required to write off all or a portion of their investment in the project. any of these events could have a material adverse effect on nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
nee and fpl may face risks related to project siting, financing, construction, permitting, governmental approvals and the negotiation of project development agreements that may impede their development and operating activities.
nee and fpl own, develop, construct, manage and operate electric-generation and transmission facilities and natural gas transmission facilities. a key component of nee's and fpl's growth is their ability to construct and operate generation and transmission facilities to meet customer needs. as part of these operations, nee and fpl must periodically apply for licenses and permits from various local, state, federal and other regulatory authorities and abide by their respective conditions. should nee or fpl be unsuccessful in obtaining necessary licenses or permits on acceptable terms, should there be a delay in obtaining or renewing necessary licenses or permits or should regulatory authorities initiate any associated investigations or enforcement actions or impose related penalties or disallowances on nee or fpl, nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially adversely affected. any failure to negotiate successful project development agreements for new facilities with third parties could have similar results.
the operation and maintenance of nee's and fpl's electric generation, transmission and distribution facilities, gas infrastructure facilities and other facilities are subject to many operational risks, the consequences of which could have a material adverse effect on nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
nee's and fpl's electric generation, transmission and distribution facilities, gas infrastructure facilities and other facilities are subject to many operational risks. operational risks could result in, among other things, lost revenues due to prolonged outages, increased
expenses due to monetary penalties or fines for compliance failures, liability to third parties for property and personal injury damage, a failure to perform under applicable power sales agreements or other agreements and associated loss of revenues from terminated agreements or liability for liquidated damages under continuing agreements, and replacement equipment costs or an obligation to purchase or generate replacement power at higher prices.
uncertainties and risks inherent in operating and maintaining nee's and fpl's facilities include, but are not limited to:
•   risks associated with facility start-up operations, such as whether the facility will achieve projected operating performance on schedule and otherwise as planned;
•   failures in the availability, acquisition or transportation of fuel or other necessary supplies;
•   the impact of unusual or adverse weather conditions and natural disasters, including, but not limited to, hurricanes, tornadoes, icing events, floods, earthquakes and droughts;
•   performance below expected or contracted levels of output or efficiency;
•   breakdown or failure, including, but not limited to, explosions, fires, leaks or other major events, of equipment, transmission and distribution lines or pipelines;
•   availability of replacement equipment;
•   risks of property damage or human injury from energized equipment, hazardous substances or explosions, fires, leaks or other events;
•   availability of adequate water resources and ability to satisfy water intake and discharge requirements;
•   inability to identify, manage properly or mitigate equipment defects in nee's and fpl's facilities;
•   use of new or unproven technology;
•   risks associated with dependence on a specific type of fuel or fuel source, such as commodity price risk, availability of adequate fuel supply and transportation, and lack of available alternative fuel sources;
•   increased competition due to, among other factors, new facilities, excess supply, shifting demand and regulatory changes; and
•   insufficient insurance, warranties or performance guarantees to cover any or all lost revenues or increased expenses from the foregoing.
nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be negatively affected by a lack of growth or slower growth in the number of customers or in customer usage.
growth in customer accounts and growth of customer usage each directly influence the demand for electricity and the need for additional power generation and power delivery facilities, as well as the need for energy-related commodities such as natural gas. customer growth and customer usage are affected by a number of factors outside the control of nee and fpl, such as mandated energy efficiency measures, demand side management requirements, and economic and demographic conditions, such as population changes, job and income growth, housing starts, new business formation and the overall level of economic activity. a lack of growth, or a decline, in the number of customers or in customer demand for electricity or natural gas and other fuels may cause nee and fpl to fail to fully realize the anticipated benefits from significant investments and expenditures and could have a material adverse effect on nee's and fpl's growth, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects can be materially adversely affected by weather conditions, including, but not limited to, the impact of severe weather.
weather conditions directly influence the demand for electricity and natural gas and other fuels and affect the price of energy and energy-related commodities. in addition, severe weather and natural disasters, such as hurricanes, floods, tornadoes, icing events and earthquakes, can be destructive and cause power outages and property damage, reduce revenue, affect the availability of fuel and water, and require nee and fpl to incur additional costs, for example, to restore service and repair damaged facilities, to obtain replacement power and to access available financing sources. furthermore, nee's and fpl's physical plant could be placed at greater risk of damage should changes in the global climate produce unusual variations in temperature and weather patterns, resulting in more intense, frequent and extreme weather events, abnormal levels of precipitation and, particularly relevant to fpl, a change in sea level. fpl operates in the east and lower west coasts of florida, an area that historically has been prone to severe weather events, such as hurricanes. a disruption or failure of electric generation, transmission or distribution systems or natural gas production, transmission, storage or distribution systems in the event of a hurricane, tornado or other severe weather event, or otherwise, could prevent nee and fpl from operating their business in the normal course and could result in any of the adverse consequences described above. any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
at fpl and other businesses of nee where cost recovery is available, recovery of costs to restore service and repair damaged facilities is or may be subject to regulatory approval, and any determination by the regulator not to permit timely and full recovery of the costs incurred could have a material adverse effect on nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
changes in weather can also affect the production of electricity at power generation facilities, including, but not limited to, neer's wind and solar facilities. for example, the level of wind resource affects the revenue produced by wind generation facilities. because the levels of wind and solar resources are variable and difficult to predict, neer's results of operations for individual wind and solar facilities specifically, and nee's results of operations generally, may vary significantly from period to period, depending on the level
of available resources. to the extent that resources are not available at planned levels, the financial results from these facilities may be less than expected.
threats of terrorism and catastrophic events that could result from terrorism, cyber attacks, or individuals and/or groups attempting to disrupt nee's and fpl's business, or the businesses of third parties, may materially adversely affect nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
nee and fpl are subject to the potentially adverse operating and financial effects of terrorist acts and threats, as well as cyber attacks and other disruptive activities of individuals or groups. there have been cyber attacks on energy infrastructure such as substations, gas pipelines and related assets in the past and there may be such attacks in the future. nee's and fpl's generation, transmission and distribution facilities, fuel storage facilities, information technology systems and other infrastructure facilities and systems could be direct targets of, or otherwise be materially adversely affected by, such activities.
terrorist acts, cyber attacks or other similar events affecting nee's and fpl's systems and facilities, or those of third parties on which nee and fpl rely, could harm nee's and fpl's business, for example, by limiting their ability to generate, purchase or transmit power, natural gas or other energy-related commodities by limiting their ability to bill customers and collect and process payments, and by delaying their development and construction of new generation, distribution or transmission facilities or capital improvements to existing facilities. these events, and governmental actions in response, could result in a material decrease in revenues, significant additional costs (for example, to repair assets, implement additional security requirements or maintain or acquire insurance), significant fines and penalties, and reputational damage, could materially adversely affect nee's and fpl's operations (for example, by contributing to disruption of supplies and markets for natural gas, oil and other fuels), and could impair nee's and fpl's ability to raise capital (for example, by contributing to financial instability and lower economic activity). in addition, the implementation of security guidelines and measures has resulted in and is expected to continue to result in increased costs. such events or actions may materially adversely affect nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
the ability of nee and fpl to obtain insurance and the terms of any available insurance coverage could be materially adversely affected by international, national, state or local events and company-specific events, as well as the financial condition of insurers. nee's and fpl's insurance coverage does not provide protection against all significant losses.
insurance coverage may not continue to be available or may not be available at rates or on terms similar to those presently available to nee and fpl. the ability of nee and fpl to obtain insurance and the terms of any available insurance coverage could be materially adversely affected by international, national, state or local events and company-specific events, as well as the financial condition of insurers. if insurance coverage is not available or obtainable on acceptable terms, nee or fpl may be required to pay costs associated with adverse future events. nee and fpl generally are not fully insured against all significant losses. for example, fpl is not fully insured against hurricane-related losses, but would instead seek recovery of such uninsured losses from customers subject to approval by the fpsc, to the extent losses exceed restricted funds set aside to cover the cost of storm damage. a loss for which nee or fpl is not fully insured could have a material adverse effect on nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
nee invests in gas and oil producing and transmission assets through neer's gas infrastructure business. the gas infrastructure business is exposed to fluctuating market prices of natural gas, natural gas liquids, oil and other energy commodities. a prolonged period of low gas and oil prices could impact neer's gas infrastructure business and cause neer to delay or cancel certain gas infrastructure projects and for certain existing projects to be impaired, which could materially adversely affect nee's results of operations.
natural gas and oil prices are affected by supply and demand, both globally and regionally. factors that influence supply and demand include operational issues, natural disasters, weather, political instability, conflicts, new discoveries, technological advances, economic conditions and actions by major oil-producing countries. there can be significant volatility in market prices for gas and oil, and price fluctuations could have a material effect on the financial performance of gas and oil producing and transmission assets. for example, in a low gas and oil price environment, neer would generate less revenue from its gas infrastructure investments in gas and oil producing properties, and as a result certain investments might become less profitable or incur losses. prolonged periods of low oil and gas prices could also result in oil and gas production and transmission projects to be delayed or cancelled or to experience lower returns, and for certain projects to become impaired, which could materially adversely affect nee's results of operations.
if supply costs necessary to provide neer's full energy and capacity requirement services are not favorable, operating costs could increase and materially adversely affect nee's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
neer provides full energy and capacity requirements services primarily to distribution utilities, which include load-following services and various ancillary services, to satisfy all or a portion of such utilities' power supply obligations to their customers. the supply costs for these transactions may be affected by a number of factors, including, but not limited to, events that may occur after such utilities have committed to supply power, such as weather conditions, fluctuating prices for energy and ancillary services, and the ability of the distribution utilities' customers to elect to receive service from competing suppliers. neer may not be able to recover
all of its increased supply costs, which could have a material adverse effect on nee's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
due to the potential for significant volatility in market prices for fuel, electricity and renewable and other energy commodities, neer's inability or failure to manage properly or hedge effectively the commodity risks within its portfolios could materially adversely affect nee's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
there can be significant volatility in market prices for fuel, electricity and renewable and other energy commodities. nee's inability or failure to manage properly or hedge effectively its assets or positions against changes in commodity prices, volumes, interest rates, counterparty credit risk or other risk measures, based on factors both from within, or wholly or partially outside of, nee's control, may materially adversely affect nee's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
sales of power on the spot market or on a short-term contractual basis may cause nee's results of operations to be volatile.
a portion of neer's power generation facilities operate wholly or partially without long-term power purchase agreements. power from these facilities is sold on the spot market or on a short-term contractual basis. spot market sales are subject to market volatility, and the revenue generated from these sales is subject to fluctuation that may cause nee's results of operations to be volatile. neer and nee may not be able to manage volatility adequately, which could then have a material adverse effect on nee's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
reductions in the liquidity of energy markets may restrict the ability of nee to manage its operational risks, which, in turn, could negatively affect nee's results of operations.
nee is an active participant in energy markets. the liquidity of regional energy markets is an important factor in nee's ability to manage risks in these operations. over the past several years, other market participants have ceased or significantly reduced their activities in energy markets as a result of several factors, including, but not limited to, government investigations, changes in market design and deteriorating credit quality. liquidity in the energy markets can be adversely affected by price volatility, restrictions on the availability of credit and other factors, and any reduction in the liquidity of energy markets could have a material adverse effect on nee's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
nee's and fpl's hedging and trading procedures and associated risk management tools may not protect against significant losses.
nee and fpl have hedging and trading procedures and associated risk management tools, such as separate but complementary financial, credit, operational, compliance and legal reporting systems, internal controls, management review processes and other mechanisms. nee and fpl are unable to assure that such procedures and tools will be effective against all potential risks, including, without limitation, employee misconduct. if such procedures and tools are not effective, this could have a material adverse effect on nee's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
if price movements significantly or persistently deviate from historical behavior, nee's and fpl's risk management tools associated with their hedging and trading procedures may not protect against significant losses.
nee's and fpl's risk management tools and metrics associated with their hedging and trading procedures, such as daily value at risk, earnings at risk, stop loss limits and liquidity guidelines, are based on historical price movements. due to the inherent uncertainty involved in price movements and potential deviation from historical pricing behavior, nee and fpl are unable to assure that their risk management tools and metrics will be effective to protect against material adverse effects on their business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
if power transmission or natural gas, nuclear fuel or other commodity transportation facilities are unavailable or disrupted, fpl's and neer's ability to sell and deliver power or natural gas may be limited.
fpl and neer depend upon power transmission and natural gas, nuclear fuel and other commodity transportation facilities, many of which they do not own. occurrences affecting the operation of these facilities that may or may not be beyond fpl's and neer's control (such as severe weather or a generation or transmission facility outage, pipeline rupture, or sudden and significant increase or decrease in wind generation) may limit or halt the ability of fpl and neer to sell and deliver power and natural gas, or to purchase necessary fuels and other commodities, which could materially adversely impact nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
nee and fpl are subject to credit and performance risk from customers, hedging counterparties and vendors.
nee and fpl are exposed to risks associated with the creditworthiness and performance of their customers, hedging counterparties and vendors under contracts for the supply of equipment, materials, fuel and other goods and services required for their business operations and for the construction and operation of, and for capital improvements to, their facilities. adverse conditions in the energy industry or the general economy, as well as circumstances of individual customers, hedging counterparties and vendors,
may adversely affect the ability of some customers, hedging counterparties and vendors to perform as required under their contracts with nee and fpl. for example, the prolonged downturn in oil and natural gas prices has adversely affected the financial stability of a number of enterprises in the energy industry, including some with which nee does business.
if any hedging, vending or other counterparty fails to fulfill its contractual obligations, nee and fpl may need to make arrangements with other counterparties or vendors, which could result in material financial losses, higher costs, untimely completion of power generation facilities and other projects, and/or a disruption of their operations. if a defaulting counterparty is in poor financial condition, nee and fpl may not be able to recover damages for any contract breach.
nee and fpl could recognize financial losses or a reduction in operating cash flows if a counterparty fails to perform or make payments in accordance with the terms of derivative contracts or if nee or fpl is required to post margin cash collateral under derivative contracts.
nee and fpl use derivative instruments, such as swaps, options, futures and forwards, some of which are traded in the otc markets or on exchanges, to manage their commodity and financial market risks, and for nee to engage in trading and marketing activities. any failures by their counterparties to perform or make payments in accordance with the terms of those transactions could have a material adverse effect on nee's or fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. similarly, any requirement for fpl or nee to post margin cash collateral under its derivative contracts could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. these risks may be increased during periods of adverse market or economic conditions affecting the industries in which nee participates.
nee and fpl are highly dependent on sensitive and complex information technology systems, and any failure or breach of those systems could have a material adverse effect on their business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
nee and fpl operate in a highly regulated industry that requires the continuous functioning of sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure. despite nee's and fpl's implementation of security measures, all of their technology systems are vulnerable to disability, failures or unauthorized access due to such activities. if nee's or fpl's information technology systems were to fail or be breached, sensitive confidential and other data could be compromised and nee and fpl could be unable to fulfill critical business functions.
nee's and fpl's business is highly dependent on their ability to process and monitor, on a daily basis, a very large number of transactions, many of which are highly complex and cross numerous and diverse markets. due to the size, scope, complexity and geographical reach of nee's and fpl's business, the development and maintenance of information technology systems to keep track of and process information is critical and challenging. nee's and fpl's operating systems and facilities may fail to operate properly or become disabled as a result of events that are either within, or wholly or partially outside of, their control, such as operator error, severe weather or terrorist activities. any such failure or disabling event could materially adversely affect nee's and fpl's ability to process transactions and provide services, and their business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
nee and fpl add, modify and replace information systems on a regular basis. modifying existing information systems or implementing new or replacement information systems is costly and involves risks, including, but not limited to, integrating the modified, new or replacement system with existing systems and processes, implementing associated changes in accounting procedures and controls, and ensuring that data conversion is accurate and consistent. any disruptions or deficiencies in existing information systems, or disruptions, delays or deficiencies in the modification or implementation of new information systems, could result in increased costs, the inability to track or collect revenues and the diversion of management's and employees' attention and resources, and could negatively impact the effectiveness of the companies' control environment, and/or the companies' ability to timely file required regulatory reports.
nee and fpl also face the risks of operational failure or capacity constraints of third parties, including, but not limited to, those who provide power transmission and natural gas transportation services.
nee's and fpl's retail businesses are subject to the risk that sensitive customer data may be compromised, which could result in a material adverse impact to their reputation and/or the results of operations of the retail business.
nee's and fpl's retail businesses require access to sensitive customer data in the ordinary course of business. nee's and fpl's retail businesses may also need to provide sensitive customer data to vendors and service providers who require access to this information in order to provide services, such as call center services, to the retail businesses. if a significant breach occurred, the reputation of nee and fpl could be materially adversely affected, customer confidence could be diminished, or customer information could be subject to identity theft. nee and fpl would be subject to costs associated with the breach and/or nee and fpl could be subject to fines and legal claims, any of which may have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of nee and fpl.
nee and fpl could recognize financial losses as a result of volatility in the market values of derivative instruments and limited liquidity in otc markets.
nee and fpl execute transactions in derivative instruments on either recognized exchanges or via the otc markets, depending on management's assessment of the most favorable credit and market execution factors. transactions executed in otc markets have the potential for greater volatility and less liquidity than transactions on recognized exchanges. as a result, nee and fpl may not be able to execute desired otc transactions due to such heightened volatility and limited liquidity.
in the absence of actively quoted market prices and pricing information from external sources, the valuation of derivative instruments involves management's judgment and use of estimates. as a result, changes in the underlying assumptions or use of alternative valuation methods could affect the reported fair value of these derivative instruments and have a material adverse effect on nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
nee and fpl may be materially adversely affected by negative publicity.
from time to time, political and public sentiment may result in a significant amount of adverse press coverage and other adverse public statements affecting nee and fpl. adverse press coverage and other adverse statements, whether or not driven by political or public sentiment, may also result in investigations by regulators, legislators and law enforcement officials or in legal claims. responding to these investigations and lawsuits, regardless of the ultimate outcome of the proceeding, can divert the time and effort of senior management from nee's and fpl's business.
addressing any adverse publicity, governmental scrutiny or enforcement or other legal proceedings is time consuming and expensive and, regardless of the factual basis for the assertions being made, can have a negative impact on the reputation of nee and fpl, on the morale and performance of their employees and on their relationships with their respective regulators. it may also have a negative impact on their ability to take timely advantage of various business and market opportunities. the direct and indirect effects of negative publicity, and the demands of responding to and addressing it, may have a material adverse effect on nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be materially adversely affected if fpl is unable to maintain, negotiate or renegotiate franchise agreements on acceptable terms with municipalities and counties in florida.
fpl must negotiate franchise agreements with municipalities and counties in florida to provide electric services within such municipalities and counties, and electricity sales generated pursuant to these agreements represent a very substantial portion of fpl's revenues. if fpl is unable to maintain, negotiate or renegotiate such franchise agreements on acceptable terms, it could contribute to lower earnings and fpl may not fully realize the anticipated benefits from significant investments and expenditures, which could materially adversely affect nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
increasing costs associated with health care plans may materially adversely affect nee's and fpl's results of operations.
the costs of providing health care benefits to employees and retirees have increased substantially in recent years. nee and fpl anticipate that their employee benefit costs, including, but not limited to, costs related to health care plans for employees and former employees, will continue to rise. the increasing costs and funding requirements associated with nee's and fpl's health care plans may materially adversely affect nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be negatively affected by the lack of a qualified workforce or the loss or retirement of key employees.
nee and fpl may not be able to service customers, grow their business or generally meet their other business plan goals effectively and profitably if they do not attract and retain a qualified workforce. additionally, the loss or retirement of key executives and other employees may materially adversely affect service and productivity and contribute to higher training and safety costs.
over the next several years, a significant portion of nee's and fpl's workforce, including, but not limited to, many workers with specialized skills maintaining and servicing the nuclear generation facilities and electrical infrastructure, will be eligible to retire. such highly skilled individuals may not be able to be replaced quickly due to the technically complex work they perform. if a significant amount of such workers retire and are not replaced, the subsequent loss in productivity and increased recruiting and training costs could result in a material adverse effect on nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially adversely affected by work strikes or stoppages and increasing personnel costs.
employee strikes or work stoppages could disrupt operations and lead to a loss of revenue and customers. personnel costs may also increase due to inflationary or competitive pressures on payroll and benefits costs and revised terms of collective bargaining agreements with union employees. these consequences could have a material adverse effect on nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
nee's ability to successfully identify, complete and integrate acquisitions is subject to significant risks, including, but not limited to, the effect of increased competition for acquisitions resulting from the consolidation of the power industry.
nee is likely to encounter significant competition for acquisition opportunities that may become available as a result of the consolidation of the power industry in general. in addition, nee may be unable to identify attractive acquisition opportunities at favorable prices and to complete and integrate them successfully and in a timely manner.
nep's acquisitions may not be completed and, even if completed, nee may not realize the anticipated benefits of any acquisitions, which could materially adversely affect nee's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
nee may not realize the anticipated benefits from the texas pipeline business. although nep has made a number of acquisitions of wind and solar generation projects, the texas pipeline business is the first third party acquisition by nep and is nep's first acquisition of natural gas pipeline assets.
in the future nep may make additional acquisitions of assets which are inherently risky and nee may not realize the anticipated benefits of any acquisitions, which could materially adversely affect nee's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
nuclear generation risks the construction, operation and maintenance of nee's and fpl's nuclear generation facilities involve environmental, health and financial risks that could result in fines or the closure of the facilities and in increased costs and capital expenditures.
nee's and fpl's nuclear generation facilities are subject to environmental, health and financial risks, including, but not limited to, those relating to site storage of spent nuclear fuel, the disposition of spent nuclear fuel, leakage and emissions of tritium and other radioactive elements in the event of a nuclear accident or otherwise, the threat of a terrorist attack and other potential liabilities arising out of the ownership or operation of the facilities. nee and fpl maintain decommissioning funds and external insurance coverage which are intended to reduce the financial exposure to some of these risks; however, the cost of decommissioning nuclear generation facilities could exceed the amount available in nee's and fpl's decommissioning funds, and the exposure to liability and property damages could exceed the amount of insurance coverage. if nee or fpl is unable to recover the additional costs incurred through insurance or, in the case of fpl, through regulatory mechanisms, their business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially adversely affected.
in the event of an incident at any nuclear generation facility in the u.s. or at certain nuclear generation facilities in europe, nee and fpl could be assessed significant retrospective assessments and/or retrospective insurance premiums as a result of their participation in a secondary financial protection system and nuclear insurance mutual companies.
liability for accidents at nuclear power plants is governed by the price-anderson act, which limits the liability of nuclear reactor owners to the amount of insurance available from both private sources and an industry retrospective payment plan. in accordance with this act, nee maintains $375 million of private liability insurance per site, which is the maximum obtainable, and participates in a secondary financial protection system, which provides up to $13.1 billion of liability insurance coverage per incident at any nuclear reactor in the u.s. under the secondary financial protection system, nee is subject to retrospective assessments and/or retrospective insurance premiums of up to $1.0 billion ($509 million for fpl), plus any applicable taxes, per incident at any nuclear reactor in the u.s. or at certain nuclear generation facilities in europe, regardless of fault or proximity to the incident, payable at a rate not to exceed $152 million ($76 million for fpl) per incident per year. such assessments, if levied, could materially adversely affect nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
nrc orders or new regulations related to increased security measures and any future safety requirements promulgated by the nrc could require nee and fpl to incur substantial operating and capital expenditures at their nuclear generation facilities.
the nrc has broad authority to impose licensing and safety-related requirements for the operation and maintenance of nuclear generation facilities, the addition of capacity at existing nuclear generation facilities and the construction of nuclear generation facilities, and these requirements are subject to change. in the event of non-compliance, the nrc has the authority to impose fines or shut down a nuclear generation facility, or to take both of these actions, depending upon its assessment of the severity of the situation, until compliance is achieved. any of the foregoing events could require nee and fpl to incur increased costs and capital expenditures, and could reduce revenues.
any serious nuclear incident occurring at a nee or fpl plant could result in substantial remediation costs and other expenses. a major incident at a nuclear facility anywhere in the world could cause the nrc to limit or prohibit the operation or licensing of any domestic nuclear generation facility. an incident at a nuclear facility anywhere in the world also could cause the nrc to impose
additional conditions or other requirements on the industry, or on certain types of nuclear generation units, which could increase costs, reduce revenues and result in additional capital expenditures.
the inability to operate any of neer's or fpl's nuclear generation units through the end of their respective operating licenses could have a material adverse effect on nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
the operating licenses for nee's and fpl's nuclear generation facilities extend through at least 2030. if the facilities cannot be operated for any reason through the life of those operating licenses, nee or fpl may be required to increase depreciation rates, incur impairment charges and accelerate future decommissioning expenditures, any of which could materially adversely affect their business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
various hazards posed to nuclear generation facilities, along with increased public attention to and awareness of such hazards, could result in increased nuclear licensing or compliance costs which are difficult or impossible to predict and could have a material adverse effect on nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
the threat of terrorist activity, as well as recent international events implicating the safety of nuclear facilities, could result in more stringent or complex measures to keep facilities safe from a variety of hazards, including, but not limited to, natural disasters such as earthquakes and tsunamis, as well as terrorist or other criminal threats. this increased focus on safety could result in higher compliance costs which, at present, cannot be assessed with any measure of certainty and which could have a material adverse effect on nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
nee's and fpl's nuclear units are periodically removed from service to accommodate normal refueling and maintenance outages, and for other purposes. if planned outages last longer than anticipated or if there are unplanned outages, nee's and fpl's results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected.
nee's and fpl's nuclear units are periodically removed from service to accommodate normal refueling and maintenance outages, including, but not limited to, inspections, repairs and certain other modifications. in addition, outages may be scheduled, often in connection with a refueling outage, to replace equipment, to increase the generating capacity at a particular nuclear unit, or for other purposes, and those planned activities increase the time the unit is not in operation. in the event that a scheduled outage lasts longer than anticipated or in the event of an unplanned outage due to, for example, equipment failure, such outages could materially adversely affect nee's or fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
liquidity, capital requirements and common stock risks disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in the credit and capital markets may negatively affect nee's and fpl's ability to fund their liquidity and capital needs and to meet their growth objectives, and can also materially adversely affect the results of operations and financial condition of nee and fpl.
nee and fpl rely on access to capital and credit markets as significant sources of liquidity for capital requirements and other operations requirements that are not satisfied by operating cash flows. disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in those capital and credit markets, including, but not limited to, the conditions of the most recent financial crises in the u.s. and abroad, could increase nee's and fpl's cost of capital. if nee or fpl is unable to access regularly the capital and credit markets on terms that are reasonable, it may have to delay raising capital, issue shorter-term securities and incur an unfavorable cost of capital, which, in turn, could adversely affect its ability to grow its business, could contribute to lower earnings and reduced financial flexibility, and could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
although nee's competitive energy subsidiaries have used non-recourse or limited-recourse, project-specific or other financing in the past, market conditions and other factors could adversely affect the future availability of such financing. the inability of nee's subsidiaries, including, without limitation, neech and nep and their respective subsidiaries, to access the capital and credit markets to provide project-specific or other financing for electric generation or other facilities or acquisitions on favorable terms, whether because of disruptions or volatility in those markets or otherwise, could necessitate additional capital raising or borrowings by nee and/or neech in the future.
the inability of subsidiaries that have existing project-specific or other financing arrangements to meet the requirements of various agreements relating to those financings could give rise to a project-specific financing default which, if not cured or waived, might result in the specific project, and potentially in some limited instances its parent companies, being required to repay the associated debt or other borrowings earlier than otherwise anticipated, and if such repayment were not made, the lenders or security holders would generally have rights to foreclose against the project assets and related collateral. such an occurrence also could result in nee expending additional funds or incurring additional obligations over the shorter term to ensure continuing compliance with project-specific financing arrangements based upon the expectation of improvement in the project's performance or financial returns over the longer term. any of these actions could materially adversely affect nee's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, as well as the availability or terms of future financings for nee or its subsidiaries.
nee's, neech's and fpl's inability to maintain their current credit ratings may materially adversely affect nee's and fpl's liquidity and results of operations, limit the ability of nee and fpl to grow their business, and increase interest costs.
the inability of nee, neech and fpl to maintain their current credit ratings could materially adversely affect their ability to raise capital or obtain credit on favorable terms, which, in turn, could impact nee's and fpl's ability to grow their business and service indebtedness and repay borrowings, and would likely increase their interest costs. in addition, certain agreements and guarantee arrangements would require posting of additional collateral in the event of a ratings downgrade. some of the factors that can affect credit ratings are cash flows, liquidity, the amount of debt as a component of total capitalization, nee's overall business mix and political, legislative and regulatory actions. there can be no assurance that one or more of the ratings of nee, neech and fpl will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency.
nee's and fpl's liquidity may be impaired if their credit providers are unable to fund their credit commitments to the companies or to maintain their current credit ratings.
the inability of nee's, neech's and fpl's credit providers to fund their credit commitments or to maintain their current credit ratings could require nee, neech or fpl, among other things, to renegotiate requirements in agreements, find an alternative credit provider with acceptable credit ratings to meet funding requirements, or post cash collateral and could have a material adverse effect on nee's and fpl's liquidity.
poor market performance and other economic factors could affect nee's defined benefit pension plan's funded status, which may materially adversely affect nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations and prospects.
nee sponsors a qualified noncontributory defined benefit pension plan for substantially all employees of nee and its subsidiaries. a decline in the market value of the assets held in the defined benefit pension plan due to poor investment performance or other factors may increase the funding requirements for this obligation.
nee's defined benefit pension plan is sensitive to changes in interest rates, since, as interest rates decrease the funding liabilities increase, potentially increasing benefits costs and funding requirements. any increase in benefits costs or funding requirements may have a material adverse effect on nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects.
poor market performance and other economic factors could adversely affect the asset values of nee's and fpl's nuclear decommissioning funds, which may materially adversely affect nee's and fpl's liquidity and results of operations.
nee and fpl are required to maintain decommissioning funds to satisfy their future obligations to decommission their nuclear power plants. a decline in the market value of the assets held in the decommissioning funds due to poor investment performance or other factors may increase the funding requirements for these obligations. any increase in funding requirements may have a material adverse effect on nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
certain of nee's investments are subject to changes in market value and other risks, which may materially adversely affect nee's liquidity, financial results and results of operations.
nee holds other investments where changes in the fair value affect nee's financial results. in some cases there may be no observable market values for these investments, requiring fair value estimates to be based on other valuation techniques. this type of analysis requires significant judgment and the actual values realized in a sale of these investments could differ materially from those estimated. a sale of an investment below previously estimated value, or other decline in the fair value of an investment, could result in losses or the write-off of such investment, and may have a material adverse effect on nee's liquidity, financial condition and results of operations.
nee may be unable to meet its ongoing and future financial obligations and to pay dividends on its common stock if its subsidiaries are unable to pay upstream dividends or repay funds to nee.
nee is a holding company and, as such, has no material operations of its own. substantially all of nee's consolidated assets are held by its subsidiaries. nee's ability to meet its financial obligations, including, but not limited to, its guarantees, and to pay dividends on its common stock is primarily dependent on its subsidiaries' net income and cash flows, which are subject to the risks of their respective businesses, and their ability to pay upstream dividends or to repay funds to nee.
nee's subsidiaries are separate legal entities and have no independent obligation to provide nee with funds for its payment obligations. the subsidiaries have financial obligations, including, but not limited to, payment of debt service, which they must satisfy before they can provide nee with funds. in addition, in the event of a subsidiary's liquidation or reorganization, nee's right to participate in a distribution of assets is subject to the prior claims of the subsidiary's creditors.
the dividend-paying ability of some of the subsidiaries is limited by contractual restrictions which are contained in outstanding financing agreements and which may be included in future financing agreements. the future enactment of laws or regulations also may prohibit or restrict the ability of nee's subsidiaries to pay upstream dividends or to repay funds.
nee may be unable to meet its ongoing and future financial obligations and to pay dividends on its common stock if nee is required to perform under guarantees of obligations of its subsidiaries.
nee guarantees many of the obligations of its consolidated subsidiaries, other than fpl, through guarantee agreements with neech. these guarantees may require nee to provide substantial funds to its subsidiaries or their creditors or counterparties at a time when nee is in need of liquidity to meet its own financial obligations. funding such guarantees may materially adversely affect nee's ability to meet its financial obligations or to pay dividends.
nep may not be able to access sources of capital on commercially reasonable terms, which would have a material adverse effect on its ability to consummate future acquisitions and on the value of nee's limited partner interest in nep opco.
nee understands that nep expects to finance acquisitions of clean energy projects partially or wholly through the issuance of additional common units. nep needs to be able to access the capital markets on commercially reasonable terms when acquisition opportunities arise. nep's ability to access the equity capital markets is dependent on, among other factors, the overall state of the capital markets and investor appetite for investment in clean energy projects in general and nep's common units in particular. an inability to obtain equity financing on commercially reasonable terms could limit nep's ability to consummate future acquisitions and to effectuate its growth strategy in the manner currently contemplated. furthermore there may not be sufficient availability under nep opco's subsidiaries' revolving credit facility or other financing arrangements on commercially reasonable terms when acquisition opportunities arise. if debt financing is available, it may be available only on terms that could significantly increase nep's interest expense, impose additional or more restrictive covenants and reduce cash distributions to its unitholders. an inability to access sources of capital on commercially reasonable terms could significantly limit nep's ability to consummate future acquisitions and to effectuate its growth strategy. nep's inability to effectively consummate future acquisitions could have a material adverse effect on nep's ability to grow its business and make cash distributions to its unitholders.
through an indirect wholly owned subsidiary, nee owns a limited partner interest in nep opco. nep's inability to access the capital markets on commercially reasonable terms and effectively consummate future acquisitions could have a material adverse effect on nep's ability to grow its cash distributions to its unitholders, including nee, and on the value of nee's limited partnership interest in nep opco.
disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in the credit and capital markets may exert downward pressure on the market price of nee's common stock.
the market price and trading volume of nee's common stock are subject to fluctuations as a result of, among other factors, general credit and capital market conditions and changes in market sentiment regarding the operations, business and financing strategies of nee and its subsidiaries. as a result, disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in the credit and capital markets may, for example, have a material adverse effect on the market price of nee's common stock.
item 7.  management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview nee's operating performance is driven primarily by the operations of its two principal subsidiaries, fpl, which serves approximately 4.8 million customer accounts in florida and is one of the largest rate-regulated electric utilities in the u.s., and neer, which together with affiliated entities is the largest generator in north america of renewable energy from the wind and sun based on mwh produced. the table below presents net income (loss) attributable to nee and earnings (loss) per share, assuming dilution, attributable to nee by reportable segment - fpl and neer, and by corporate and other, which is primarily comprised of the operating results of neet, fpl fibernet and other business activities, as well as other income and expense items, including interest expense, income taxes and eliminating entries (see note 15 for additional segment information, including reported results from continuing operations). the following discussions should be read in conjunction with the notes to consolidated financial statements contained herein and all comparisons are with the corresponding items in the prior year.
(a)   neer's results reflect an allocation of interest expense from neech based on a deemed capital structure of 70% debt and allocated shared service costs.
(b)   neer's and corporate and other's results for 2014 and 2013 were retrospectively adjusted to reflect a segment change as further discussed in note 15.
during 2014, nep, through neer, was formed to acquire, manage and own contracted clean energy projects with stable, long-term cash flows through a limited partner interest in nep opco. on july 1, 2014, nep completed its ipo as further described in note 1 - nextera energy partners, lp. see item 1. business - ii. neer. in december 2014, nee and hei announced a proposed merger. see item 1. business - overview.
for the five years ended december 31, 2015, nee delivered a total shareholder return of approximately 137.0%, above the s&p 500's 80.8% return, the s&p 500 utilities' 68.8% return and the dow jones u.s. electricity's 61.7% return. the historical stock performance of nee's common stock shown in the performance graph below is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance.
adjusted earnings nee prepares its financial statements under gaap. however, management uses earnings excluding certain items (adjusted earnings), a non-gaap financial measure, internally for financial planning, for analysis of performance, for reporting of results to the board of directors and as an input in determining performance-based compensation under nee's employee incentive compensation plans. nee also uses adjusted earnings when communicating its financial results and earnings outlook to analysts and investors. nee's management believes adjusted earnings provides a more meaningful representation of the company's fundamental earnings power. although the excluded amounts are properly included in the determination of net income under gaap, management believes that the amount and/or nature of such items make period to period comparisons of operations difficult and potentially confusing. adjusted earnings do not represent a substitute for net income, as prepared under gaap.
adjusted earnings exclude the unrealized mark-to-market effect of non-qualifying hedges (as described below) and otti losses on securities held in neer's nuclear decommissioning funds, net of the reversal of previously recognized otti losses on securities sold and losses on securities where price recovery was deemed unlikely (collectively, otti reversals). however, other adjustments may be made from time to time with the intent to provide more meaningful and comparable results of ongoing operations.
nee and neer segregate into two categories unrealized mark-to-market gains and losses on derivative transactions. the first category, referred to as non-qualifying hedges, represents certain energy derivative transactions and certain interest rate derivative transactions entered into as economic hedges, which do not meet the requirements for hedge accounting, or for which hedge accounting treatment is not elected or has been discontinued. changes in the fair value of those transactions are marked to market and reported in the consolidated statements of income, resulting in earnings volatility because the economic offset to the positions are not marked to market. as a consequence, nee's net income reflects only the movement in one part of economically-linked transactions. for example, a gain (loss) in the non-qualifying hedge category for certain energy derivatives is offset by decreases (increases) in the fair value of related physical asset positions in the portfolio or contracts, which are not marked to market under gaap. for this reason, nee's management views results expressed excluding the unrealized mark-to-market impact of the non-qualifying hedges as a meaningful measure of current period performance. the second category, referred to as trading activities, which is included in adjusted earnings, represents the net unrealized effect of actively traded positions entered into to take advantage of expected market price movements and all other commodity hedging activities. in january 2016, nee discontinued hedge accounting for all of its remaining interest rate and foreign currency derivative instruments, which could result in increased volatility in the non-qualifying hedge category in the future. at fpl, substantially all changes in the fair value of energy derivative transactions are deferred as a regulatory asset or liability until the contracts are settled, and, upon settlement, any gains or losses are passed through the fuel clause. see note 3.
in 2013, an after-tax gain from discontinued operations of $231 million ($216 million recorded at neer and $15 million recorded at corporate and other) was recorded in nee's consolidated statements of income related to the sale of its ownership interest in a portfolio of hydropower generation plants and related assets located in maine and new hampshire (see note 6). in addition, during 2013, an after-tax loss of $43 million ($41 million recorded at neer and $2 million recorded at corporate and other) was recorded associated with the decision to pursue the sale of neer's ownership interests in oil-fired generation plants located in maine (maine fossil). during 2014, neer decided not to pursue the sale of maine fossil and recorded an after-tax gain of $12 million to increase maine fossil's carrying value to its estimated fair value. see note 4 - nonrecurring fair value measurements. also in 2013, neer recorded an impairment of $300 million and other related charges ($342 million after-tax) related to the spain solar projects in nee's consolidated statements of income. see note 4 - nonrecurring fair value measurements in order to make period to period comparisons more meaningful, adjusted earnings also exclude the items discussed above, as well as costs incurred in 2015 associated with the proposed merger pursuant to which, if consummated, hawaiian electric company, inc. will become a wholly owned subsidiary of nee (see note 1 - proposed merger) and, beginning in the third quarter of 2013, the after-tax operating results associated with the spain solar projects.
net unrealized mark-to-market after-tax gains (losses) from non-qualifying hedge activity(a)                                    $183              $153                    $(53        )
income (loss) from otti after-tax losses on securities held in neer's nuclear decommissioning funds, net of otti reversals(b)   $(15      )       $(2            )        $1
after-tax gain (loss) associated with maine fossil(d)                                                                           $-                $12                     $(43        )
after-tax charges recorded by neer associated with the impairment of the spain solar projects                                   $-                $-                      $(342       )
(a)   for 2015, 2014 and 2013, approximately $175 million of gains, $171 million of gains and $54 million of losses, respectively, are included in neer's net income; the balance is included in corporate and other.
(b)   for 2015, 2014 and 2013, approximately $14 million of losses, $1 million of income and $1 million of income, respectively, are included in neer's net income; the balance is included in corporate and other.
(c)   for 2013, approximately $216 million of the gain is included in neer's net income; the balance is included in corporate and other.
(d)   for 2014, all of the gain is included in neer's net income. for 2013, approximately $41 million of the loss is included in neer's net income; the balance is included in corporate and other.
the change in unrealized mark-to-market activity from non-qualifying hedges is primarily attributable to changes in forward power and natural gas prices and interest rates, as well as the reversal of previously recognized unrealized mark-to-market gains or losses as the underlying transactions were realized.
2015 summary net income attributable to nee for 2015 was higher than 2014 by $287 million, or $0.46 per share, assuming dilution, due to higher results at fpl, neer and corporate and other.
fpl's increase in net income in 2015 was primarily driven by continued investments in plant in service while earning an 11.50% regulatory roe on its retail rate base and higher afudc - equity related to construction projects. in 2015, fpl's average typical residential 1,000 kwh bill was the lowest among reporting electric utilities within florida and approximately 30% below the national average based on a rate per kwh as of july 2015.
neer's results increased in 2015 reflecting earnings from new investments, higher customer supply and proprietary power and gas trading results as well as the absence of the 2014 nep-related charge and costs, partly offset by higher growth-related interest and general and administrative expenses and lower results from the existing assets. in 2015, neer added approximately 1,207 mw of wind capacity in the u.s. and canada and 285 mw of solar capacity in the u.s., and increased its backlog of contracted renewable development projects. additionally, a subsidiary of nep completed the acquisition of the texas pipeline assets. during the fourth quarter of 2015, the natural gas pipeline projects that were previously reported in corporate and other were moved to the neer segment (see note 15).
in november 2015, a subsidiary of neer entered into an agreement to sell its ownership interest in its merchant natural gas generation facilities located in texas which have a total generating capacity of 2,884 mw at december 31, 2015. see note 1 - assets and liabilities associated with assets held for sale.
corporate and other's results in 2015 increased primarily due to favorable income tax adjustments, 2015 investment gains compared to 2014 investment losses and the absence of debt reacquisition losses recorded in 2014. these positives were partly offset by costs associated with the proposed merger.
nee and its subsidiaries, including fpl, require funds to support and grow their businesses. these funds are primarily provided by cash flow from operations, borrowings or issuances of short- and long-term debt and proceeds from differential membership investors and, from time to time, issuance of equity securities. as of december 31, 2015, nee's total net available liquidity was approximately $7.7 billion, of which fpl's portion was approximately $3.1 billion.
results of operations net income attributable to nee for 2015 was $2.75 billion, compared to $2.47 billion in 2014 and $1.91 billion in 2013. in 2015, net income attributable to nee improved due to higher results at fpl, neer and corporate and other. in 2014, net income attributable to nee improved due to higher results at fpl and neer partly offset by lower results at corporate and other.
nee's effective income tax rate for all periods presented reflects the benefit of ptcs for neer's wind projects, as well as itcs and deferred income tax benefits associated with convertible itcs for solar and certain wind projects at neer. ptcs, itcs and deferred income tax benefits associated with convertible itcs can significantly affect nee's effective income tax rate depending on the amount of pretax income. the amount of ptcs recognized can be significantly affected by wind generation and by the roll off of ptcs on certain wind projects after ten years of production (ptc roll off). in addition, nee's effective income tax rate for 2014 was unfavorably affected by a noncash income tax charge of approximately $45 million associated with structuring canadian assets in connection with the creation of nep and for 2013 was unfavorably affected by the establishment of a full valuation allowance on the deferred tax assets associated with the spain solar projects. see note 1 - income taxes and - sale of differential membership interests, note 4 - nonrecurring fair value measurements and note 5. also see item 1. business - neer - generation and other operations - neer fuel/technology mix - policy incentives for renewable energy projects.
fpl: results of operations fpl obtains its operating revenues primarily from the sale of electricity to retail customers at rates established by the fpsc through base rates and cost recovery clause mechanisms. fpl's net income for 2015, 2014 and 2013 was $1,648 million, $1,517 million and $1,349 million, respectively, representing an increase in 2015 of $131 million and an increase in 2014 of $168 million.
the use of reserve amortization is permitted under the 2012 rate agreement. see item 1. business - fpl - fpl regulation - fpl rate regulation - base rates for additional information on the 2012 rate agreement. in order to earn a targeted regulatory roe, subject to limitations associated with the 2012 rate agreement, reserve amortization is calculated using a trailing thirteen-month average of retail rate base and capital structure in conjunction with the trailing twelve months regulatory retail base net operating income, which primarily includes the retail base portion of base and other revenues, net of o&m, depreciation and amortization, interest and tax expenses. in general, the net impact of these income statement line items is adjusted, in part, by reserve amortization to earn a targeted regulatory roe. in certain periods, reserve amortization must be reversed so as not to exceed the targeted regulatory roe. the drivers of fpl's net income not reflected in the reserve amortization calculation typically include wholesale and transmission service revenues and expenses, cost recovery clause revenues and expenses, afudc - equity and costs not allowed to be recovered from retail customers by the fpsc. in 2015 and 2014, fpl recorded the reversal of reserve amortization of approximately $15 million and $33 million, respectively, and, in 2013, fpl recorded reserve amortization of $155 million.
fpl's regulatory roe for 2015 and 2014 was 11.50%, compared to 10.96% in 2013. the 2013 regulatory roe of 10.96% reflects approximately $32 million of after-tax charges associated with the cost savings initiative. these charges were not offset by additional reserve amortization. excluding the impact of these charges, fpl's regulatory roe for 2013 would have been approximately 11.25%.
in 2015, the growth in earnings for fpl was primarily driven by the following:
•   higher earnings on investment in plant in service of approximately $77 million. investment in plant in service grew fpl's average retail rate base in 2015 by approximately $1.0 billion reflecting, among other things, ongoing transmission and distribution additions and the modernized riviera beach power plant placed in service in april 2014,
•   higher afudc - equity of $32 million primarily related to the modernization project at port everglades and other investments,
•   higher earnings of approximately $22 million due to increased use of equity to finance investments, and
•   higher cost recovery clause earnings of $10 million primarily related to earnings associated with the incentive mechanism, partly offset by,
in 2014, the growth in earnings for fpl was primarily driven by the following:
•   higher earnings on investment in plant in service of approximately $105 million. investment in plant in service grew fpl's average retail rate base in 2014 by approximately $2.3 billion reflecting, among other things, the modernized riviera beach power plant and ongoing transmission and distribution additions,
•   the absence of $32 million of after-tax charges associated with the cost savings initiative recorded in 2013, and
•   higher earnings of $30 million related to the increase in the targeted regulatory roe from 11.25% to 11.50%, partly offset by,
•   lower cost recovery clause results of $22 million primarily due to the transfer of new nuclear capacity to retail rate base as discussed below under retail base, cost recovery clauses and interest expense, and
•   lower afudc - equity of $19 million primarily related to the riviera beach and cape canaveral power plants being placed in service in april 2014 and april 2013, respectively.
net recognition of previously deferred retail fuel revenues                                                    -                     -                     44
other cost recovery clauses and pass-through costs, net of any deferrals                                   1,645                 1,766                  1,837
other, primarily wholesale and transmission sales, customer-related fees and pole attachment rentals         479                   432                    279
retail base fpsc rate orders fpl's retail base revenues for all years presented reflect the 2012 rate agreement as retail base rates and charges were designed to increase retail base revenues approximately $350 million on an annualized basis. in addition, retail base revenues increased in 2015 and 2014 through a $234 million annualized retail base rate increase associated with the riviera beach power plant and, in 2014, a $164 million annualized retail base rate increase associated with the cape canaveral power plant. the 2012 rate agreement:
•   establishes fpl's allowed regulatory roe at 10.50%, with a range of plus or minus 100 basis points, and
•   allows for an additional retail base rate increase as the modernized port everglades project becomes operational (which is expected by april 2016).
in january 2016, fpl filed a formal notification with the fpsc indicating its intent to initiate a base rate proceeding. see item 1. business - fpl - fpl regulation - fpl rate regulation - base rates for additional information on the 2012 rate agreement and details of fpl's formal notification.
in 2015 and 2014, retail base revenues increased approximately $43 million and $192 million, respectively, related to the modernized riviera beach power plant being placed in service in april 2014. additionally, 2014 included approximately $53 million of additional retail base revenues related to the cape canaveral power plant being placed in service in april 2013. additional retail base revenues of approximately $115 million were recorded in 2014, primarily related to new nuclear capacity which was placed in service in 2013 as permitted by the fpsc's nuclear cost recovery rule. see cost recovery clauses below for discussion of the nuclear cost recovery rule.
retail customer usage and growth in 2015 and 2014, fpl experienced a 1.4% and 1.8% increase, respectively, in the average number of customer accounts and a 4.2% increase and 0.4% decrease, respectively, in the average usage per retail customer, which collectively, together with other factors, increased revenues by approximately $263 million and $36 million, respectively. the increase in 2015 usage per retail customer is due to favorable weather. an improvement in the florida economy contributed to the increased revenues for both periods. fpl expects year over year weather-normalized usage per customer to be between flat and 0.5% negative.
cost recovery clauses revenues from fuel and other cost recovery clauses and pass-through costs, such as franchise fees, revenue taxes and storm-related surcharges, are largely a pass-through of costs. such revenues also include a return on investment allowed to be recovered through the cost recovery clauses on certain assets, primarily related to solar and environmental projects, natural gas reserves and nuclear capacity. see item 1. - i. fpl - fpl regulation - fpl rate regulation - cost recovery clauses. fluctuations in fuel cost recovery revenues are primarily driven by changes in fuel and energy charges which are included in fuel, purchased power and interchange expense in the consolidated statements of income, as well as by changes in energy sales. fluctuations in revenues from other cost recovery clauses and pass-through costs are primarily driven by changes in storm-related surcharges, capacity charges, franchise fee costs, the impact of changes in o&m and depreciation expenses on the underlying cost recovery clause, investment in solar and environmental projects, investment in nuclear capacity until such capacity goes into service and is recovered in base rates, pre-construction costs associated with the development of two additional nuclear units at the turkey point site and changes in energy sales. capacity charges are included in fuel, purchased power and interchange expense and franchise fee costs are included in taxes other than income taxes and other in the consolidated statements of income. underrecovery or overrecovery of cost recovery clause and other pass-through costs (deferred clause and franchise expenses and revenues) can significantly affect nee's and fpl's operating cash flows. the 2015 net overrecovery was approximately $176 million and positively affected nee's and fpl's cash flows from operating activities in 2015, while the 2014 net underrecovery was approximately $67 million and negatively affected nee's and fpl's cash flows from operating activities in 2014.
the slight decrease in fuel cost recovery revenues in 2015 reflects lower revenues from the incentive mechanism and lower revenues from interchange power sales totaling approximately $118 million and a lower average fuel factor of approximately $96 million, partly offset by increased revenues of $213 million related to higher energy sales. the increase in fuel cost recovery revenues in 2014 is primarily due to a higher average fuel factor of approximately $329 million and higher energy sales of $158 million, as well as higher interchange power sales, partly offset by lower revenues from the incentive mechanism, totaling approximately $55 million.
the declines in 2015 revenues from other cost recovery clauses and pass-through costs were largely due to reductions in expenses associated with energy conservation and capacity clause programs. the decrease in revenues from other cost recovery clauses and pass-through costs in 2014 primarily reflects higher revenues in 2013 associated with the fpsc's nuclear cost recovery rule reflective of higher earnings on additional nuclear capacity investments and the shift to the collection of nuclear capacity recovery through retail base revenues (see retail base above). the nuclear cost recovery rule provides for the recovery of prudently incurred pre-construction costs and carrying charges (equal to the pretax afudc rate) on construction costs and a return on investment for new nuclear capacity through levelized charges under the capacity clause. the same rule provides for the recovery of construction costs, once property related to the new nuclear capacity goes into service, through a retail base rate increase effective beginning the following january.
in 2015, 2014 and 2013, cost recovery clauses contributed $103 million, $93 million and $115 million, respectively, to fpl's net income. the increase in 2015 primarily relates to gains associated with the incentive mechanism, investments in gas reserves and the recovery of a return on the regulatory asset associated with the purchase of the cedar bay facility discussed below. the decrease in 2014 in cost recovery clause results is primarily due to the collection of retail base revenues related to new nuclear capacity which was placed in service in 2013 (see retail base above). in 2015 and 2014, there was minimal contribution to net income from the nuclear cost recovery rule as all nuclear uprates have been placed in service and associated costs are now collected through base rates.
in september 2015, fpl assumed ownership of cedar bay and terminated its long-term purchased power agreement for substantially all of the facility's capacity and energy for a purchase price of approximately $521 million. the fpsc approved a stipulation and settlement between the office of public counsel and fpl regarding issues relating to the ratemaking treatment for the purchase of this facility. fpl will recover the purchase price and associated income tax gross-up as a regulatory asset which will be amortized over approximately nine years. see note 1 - rate regulation for further discussion.
other the increase in other revenues for 2015, which did not result in a significant contribution to earnings, primarily reflects higher wholesale and transmission service revenues along with other miscellaneous service revenues. the increase in other revenues for 2014 primarily reflects higher wholesale revenues associated with an increase in contracted load served under existing contracts.
other items impacting fpl's consolidated statements of income fuel, purchased power and interchange expense the major components of fpl's fuel, purchased power and interchange expense are as follows:
net deferral of retail fuel costs                                            -                   (109    )               (148   )
net recognition of deferred retail fuel costs                              220                      -                       -
other, primarily capacity charges, net of any capacity deferral            463                    533                     554
the decrease in fuel and energy charges in 2015 was due to lower fuel and energy prices of approximately $491 million and a decrease of $68 million in costs related to the incentive mechanism, partly offset by higher energy sales of approximately $201 million. the increase in fuel and energy charges in 2014 was due to higher fuel and energy prices of approximately $202 million, higher energy sales of approximately $187 million and an increase of $43 million in costs related to the incentive mechanism. in addition, fpl recognized approximately $220 million of deferred retail fuel costs in 2015, compared to the deferral of retail fuel costs of $109 million and $148 million in 2014 and 2013, respectively. the decrease in other in 2015 is primarily due to lower capacity fees in part related to the termination of the cedar bay long-term purchased power agreement after fpl assumed ownership of cedar bay in september 2015.
o&m expenses fpl's o&m expenses decreased $79 million in 2014, primarily due the absence of 2013 transition costs associated with the cost savings initiative, as well as realized costs savings from this initiative.
depreciation and amortization recovered under cost recovery clauses and securitized storm-recovery cost amortization         202                   188                    209
the reserve amortization, or reversal of such amortization, recorded in all periods presented reflects adjustments to the depreciation and fossil dismantlement reserve provided under the 2012 rate agreement in order to achieve the targeted regulatory roe. at december 31, 2015, approximately $263 million of the reserve remains available for future amortization over the term of the 2012 rate agreement. reserve amortization is recorded as a reduction to (or when reversed as an increase to) regulatory liabilities - accrued asset removal costs on the consolidated balance sheets. see note 1 - rate regulation regarding a $30 million reduction in the reserve available for amortization under the 2012 rate agreement. the increase in other depreciation and amortization expense recovered under base rates is due to higher amortization expenses primarily associated with, in 2015, analog meters and, in 2015 and 2014, higher plant in service balances.
taxes other than income taxes and other taxes other than income taxes and other increased $39 million in 2015 primarily due to higher property taxes reflecting growth in plant in service balances. the increase of $43 million in 2014 was primarily due to higher franchise and revenue taxes, neither of which impact net income, as well as higher property taxes reflecting growth in plant in service balances, partly offset by lower payroll taxes.
interest expense the increase in interest expense in 2015 primarily reflects higher average debt balances, partly offset by lower average interest rates. the increase in interest expense in 2014 reflects higher average interest rates related to higher fixed rate debt balances, lower afudc - debt and higher average debt balances. the change in afudc - debt is due to the same factors as described below in afudc - equity. interest expense on storm-recovery bonds, as well as certain other interest expense on clause-recoverable investments (collectively, clause interest), do not significantly affect net income, as the clause interest is recovered either under cost recovery clause mechanisms or through a storm-recovery bond surcharge. clause interest for 2015, 2014 and 2013 amounted to approximately $41 million, $42 million and $58 million, respectively, and reflects the shift of nuclear capacity recovery through retail base revenues (see retail base and cost recovery clauses above).
afudc - equity the increase in afudc - equity in 2015 is primarily due to additional afudc - equity recorded on construction expenditures associated with the modernization project at port everglades, the investments in new compressor parts technology at select combined-cycle units and the peaker upgrade project, partly offset by lower afudc - equity associated with the riviera beach power plant which was placed in service in april 2014. the decrease in afudc - equity in 2014 was primarily due to lower afudc - equity associated with the riviera beach power plant and the cape canaveral power plant which was placed in service in april 2013, partly offset by additional afudc - equity recorded on construction expenditures associated with the port everglades modernization project.
capital initiatives fpl is in the process of modernizing its port everglades power plant to a high-efficiency natural gas-fired unit that is expected to provide approximately 1,240 mw of capacity and be placed in service by april 2016. fpl is also in the process of replacing 44 of its 48 gas turbines at its lauderdale, port everglades and fort myers facilities, totaling approximately 1,700 mw of capacity, with 7 high efficiency, low-emission turbines at its lauderdale and fort myers facilities, totaling approximately 1,610 mw of capacity, by december 2016. in addition, fpl is upgrading 2 additional simple-cycle combustion turbines at its fort myers facility, which are expected to add an additional 50 mw of capacity by december 2016. fpl plans to continue to strengthen the transmission and distribution infrastructure and to build three solar pv projects that are expected to provide approximately 74 mw each and be placed into service by the end of 2016. in january 2016, the fpsc approved fpl's proposal to build a new approximately 1,600 mw natural gas-fired combined-cycle unit in okeechobee county, florida. see item 1. business - fpl.
neer: results of operations neer owns, develops, constructs, manages and operates electric generation facilities in wholesale energy markets primarily in the u.s. and canada. neer also provides full energy and capacity requirements services, engages in power and gas marketing and trading activities and invests in natural gas, natural gas liquids and oil production and pipeline infrastructure assets. neer's net income less net income attributable to noncontrolling interests for 2015, 2014 and 2013 was $1,092 million, $989 million and $556 million, respectively, resulting in an increase in 2015 of $103 million and an increase in 2014 of $433 million. the primary drivers, on an after-tax basis, of these changes are in the following table.
new investments(a)                                                                                                  $138                               $134
existing assets(a)                                                                                                   (96      )                          26
gas infrastructure(b)                                                                                                 (7      )                         (27      )
customer supply and proprietary power and gas trading(b)                                                             110                                 14
nep-related charge and costs                                                                                          67                                (67      )
change in unrealized mark-to-market non-qualifying hedge activity(c)                                                   4                                225
change in otti losses on securities held in nuclear decommissioning funds, net of otti reversals(c)                  (15      )                           -
change in maine fossil gain/loss(c)                                                                                  (12      )                          53
charges associated with the 2013 impairment of the spain solar projects(c)                                             -                                342
increase in net income less net income attributable to noncontrolling interests                                     $103                               $433
(a)   includes ptcs, itcs and deferred income tax and other benefits associated with convertible itcs for wind and solar projects, as applicable, (see note 1 - electric plant, depreciation and amortization, - income taxes and - sale of differential membership interests and note 5) but excludes allocation of interest expense or corporate general and administrative expenses. results from projects are included in new investments during the first twelve months of operation or ownership. an electric energy project's results are included in existing assets beginning with the thirteenth month of operation.
(b)   excludes allocation of interest expense and corporate general and administrative expenses.
(c)   see overview - adjusted earnings for additional information.
new investments in 2015, results from new investments increased due to:
•   higher earnings of approximately $146 million related to the addition of approximately 2,571 mw of wind generation and 910 mw of solar generation during or after 2014, and
•   higher earnings of approximately $16 million related to the acquisition of the texas pipelines and the development of three additional natural gas pipelines, partly offset by,
•   lower deferred income tax and other benefits associated with convertible itcs of $21 million and itcs of $3 million.
in 2014, results from new investments increased primarily due to:
•   higher earnings of approximately $120 million related to the addition of approximately 1,678 mw of wind generation and 545 mw of solar generation during or after 2013, and
•   higher deferred income tax and other benefits associated with itcs of $25 million, partly offset by,
•   lower deferred income tax and other benefits associated with convertible itcs of $15 million.
existing assets in 2015, results from neer's existing asset portfolio decreased primarily due to:
•   lower results from wind assets of $122 million primarily due to weaker wind resource offset in part by a favorable itc impact related to changes in state income tax laws and favorable pricing, partly offset by,
•   higher results from merchant assets in the ercot region of approximately $27 million primarily due to the absence of a 2014 outage.
in 2014, results from neer's existing asset portfolio increased primarily due to:
•   higher results from wind assets of $29 million reflecting stronger wind resource and increased availability, favorable pricing and lower operating expenses, partly offset by ptc roll off,
•   higher results of $19 million from merchant assets in the ercot region and $11 million from other contracted natural gas assets primarily due to favorable market conditions, and
•   increased results of $11 million at maine fossil due to additional generation and favorable pricing related to extreme winter weather, partly offset by,
•   lower results from the nuclear assets of approximately $30 million primarily due to lower pricing and scheduled outages in 2014, offset in part by higher nuclear decommissioning gains, and
•   lower results of $14 million due to the absence of the hydro assets which were sold in the first quarter of 2013.
gas infrastructure the decrease in gas infrastructure results in 2015 reflects increased depreciation expense mainly related to both higher depletion rates and increased production in 2015, as well as the absence of 2014 gains on the sale of investments in certain wells (collectively, approximately $46 million), partly offset by gains of $42 million related to exiting the hedged positions on a number of future gas production opportunities; such gains were previously reflected in unrealized mark-to-market non-qualifying hedge activity. the decrease in gas infrastructure results in 2014 is primarily due to increased depreciation expense mainly related to higher depletion rates and operating lease expenses and lower revenues (collectively, approximately $31 million) as well as $5 million of after-tax impairment charges on two oil and gas producing properties reflecting a decline in oil and natural gas prices, partly offset by gains on the sale of investments in certain wells. further declines in the price of oil and natural gas commodity products could result in additional impairments of neer's oil and gas producing properties. however, an impairment analysis performed under gaap does not take into consideration the mark-to-market value of hedged positions. neer hedges the expected output from its oil and gas producing properties for a period of time to help protect against price movements; the fair value of such hedged positions at december 31, 2015 was approximately $390 million. at december 31, 2015, approximately $2.2 billion of nee's property, plant and equipment, net relates to the gas infrastructure business' ownership interests in investments located in oil and gas shale formations.
customer supply and proprietary power and gas trading results from customer supply and proprietary power and gas trading increased in 2015 primarily due to improved margins and favorable market conditions compared to lower results in the full requirements business in 2014 due to the impact of extreme winter weather. in 2014, results from customer supply and proprietary power and gas trading increased primarily due to higher power and gas trading results and gains on gas purchase contracts, partly offset by lower results in the full requirements business reflecting the impact of extreme winter weather and market conditions in the northeast.
asset sales asset sales in 2015 primarily include after-tax gains of approximately $5 million on the sale of a 41 mw wind project, offset by the absence of gains recorded in 2014. asset sales in 2014 primarily include an after-tax gain of approximately $14 million on the sale of a 75 mw wind project that became operational during 2014, offset by after-tax gains of approximately $8 million recorded in 2013.
nep-related charge and costs for 2014, neer's results reflect an approximately $45 million noncash income tax charge associated with structuring canadian assets and $22 million in nep ipo transaction costs.
interest and general and administrative expenses interest and general and administrative expenses includes interest expense, differential membership costs and other corporate general and administrative expenses. in 2015 and 2014, interest and general and administrative expenses reflect higher borrowing and other costs to support the growth of the business.
other factors supplemental to the primary drivers of the changes in neer's net income less net income attributable to noncontrolling interests discussed above, the discussion below describes changes in certain line items set forth in nee's consolidated statements of income as they relate to neer.
operating revenues operating revenues for 2015 increased $248 million primarily due to:
•   higher revenues from new investments of approximately $225 million,
•   higher revenues from the customer supply business and proprietary power and gas trading business of $218 million reflecting favorable market conditions, and
•   higher revenues from the gas infrastructure business of $96 million primarily reflecting gains recorded upon exiting the hedged positions on a number of future gas production opportunities and the acquisition of the texas pipelines, partly offset by,
•   lower unrealized mark-to-market gains from non-qualifying hedges ($275 million for 2015 compared to $372 million of gains on such hedges for 2014), and
•   lower revenues from existing assets of $195 million reflecting lower wind generation due to weaker wind resource, lower revenues at marcus hook 750 and in the ercot region due to lower gas prices and lower revenues at seabrook reflecting a refueling outage, offset in part by higher revenues at point beach due to the absence of a 2014 outage and price escalation under the power sales agreement, higher dispatch in maine due to 2015 weather conditions and higher revenues from the spain solar projects.
operating revenues for 2014 increased $863 million primarily due to:
•   higher unrealized mark-to-market gains from non-qualifying hedges ($372 million for 2014 compared to $116 million of losses on such hedges for 2013),
•   higher revenues from new investments of approximately $282 million, and
•   higher revenues from the customer supply business of $120 million, partly offset by,
•   lower revenues from existing assets of $13 million reflecting lower contracted revenues at duane arnold and the spain solar projects and lower revenues in the new england power pool (nepool) region reflecting a scheduled outage at seabrook, partly offset by higher wind generation due to stronger wind resource and increased availability and higher revenues in the ercot region primarily due to favorable market conditions, and
•   lower revenues from the gas infrastructure business and other o&amp;m service agreements.
operating expenses operating expenses for 2015 increased $138 million primarily due to:
•   higher operating expenses associated with new investments of approximately $123 million,
•   higher o&amp;m expenses reflecting higher costs associated with growth in the neer business, higher taxes other than income taxes and other reflecting the absence of 2014 gains on the sale of investments in certain wells in the gas infrastructure business and the absence of the 2014 reimbursement by a vendor of certain o&amp;m-related costs, and
•   higher depreciation associated with the gas infrastructure business of $50 million primarily related to higher depletion rates and increased production, partly offset by,
operating expenses for 2014 decreased $3 million primarily due to:
•   lower other operating expenses reflecting the reimbursement by a vendor of certain o&amp;m-related costs as well as the absence of implementation costs recorded in 2013 related to the cost savings initiative, partly offset by the nep-related expenses, partly offset by,
•   higher fuel expense of approximately $171 million primarily in the ercot region and the customer supply business,
•   higher operating expenses associated with new investments of approximately $123 million, and
•   higher depreciation expense of approximately $24 million associated with the gas infrastructure business primarily related to higher depletion rates.
interest expense neer's interest expense for 2015 decreased $42 million primarily reflecting the absence of approximately $64 million of losses related to changes in the fair value of interest rate swaps for which hedge accounting was discontinued in 2013, partly offset by higher average debt balances. interest expense increased $139 million for 2014 primarily reflecting the approximately $64 million of losses related to changes in the fair value of interest rate swaps, as well as higher average debt balances.
benefits associated with differential membership interests - net benefits associated with differential membership interests - net for all periods presented reflect benefits recognized by neer as third-party investors received their portion of the economic attributes, including income tax attributes, of the underlying wind projects, net of associated costs. see note 1 - sale of differential membership interests.
equity in earnings of equity method investees equity in earnings of equity method investees increased in 2015 and 2014 primarily due to neer's 50% equity investment in a 550 mw solar project that commenced partial operations at the end of 2013 and full operations by the end of 2014.
gains on disposal of assets - net gains on disposal of assets - net for 2015, 2014 and 2013 primarily reflect gains on sales of securities held in neer's nuclear decommissioning funds. gains on disposal of assets - net also reflect, in 2015, a pretax gain of approximately $6 million on the
sale of a 41 mw wind project, in 2014, a pretax gain of approximately $23 million on the sale of a 75 mw wind project and, in 2013, a pretax gain of approximately $14 million on the sale of a portfolio of wind assets with generating capacity totaling 223 mw.
tax credits, benefits and expenses ptcs from wind projects and itcs and deferred income tax benefits associated with convertible itcs from solar and certain wind projects are reflected in neer's earnings. ptcs are recognized as wind energy is generated and sold based on a per kwh rate prescribed in applicable federal and state statutes, and were approximately $149 million, $186 million and $209 million in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. a portion of the ptcs have been allocated to investors in connection with sales of differential membership interests. in addition, nee's effective income tax rate for 2015, 2014 and 2013 was affected by deferred income tax benefits associated with itcs and convertible itcs of $89 million, $84 million and $74 million, respectively. nee's effective income tax rate for 2014 was unfavorably affected by a noncash income tax charge of approximately $45 million associated with structuring canadian assets and for 2013 was unfavorably affected by the establishment of a full valuation allowance on the deferred tax assets associated with the spain solar projects. see note 5 and overview - adjusted earnings for additional information.
capital initiatives neer expects to add new contracted wind generation of approximately 1,400 mw and new contracted solar generation of approximately 1,100 mw in 2016 and will continue to pursue other additional investment opportunities that may develop. projects developed by neer might be offered for sale to nep if neer should seek to sell the projects. neer will also continue to invest in the development of its natural gas pipeline infrastructure assets. see item 1. business - neer - generation and other operations - natural gas pipelines.
sale of assets to nep in january 2015 and february 2015, indirect subsidiaries of neer sold a 250 mw wind facility located in texas and an approximately 20 mw solar facility located in california, respectively, to indirect subsidiaries of nep.
in may 2015, an indirect subsidiary of neer sold four wind generation facilities with contracted generating capacity totaling approximately 664 mw located in north dakota, oklahoma, washington and oregon to an indirect subsidiary of nep.
in october 2015, an indirect subsidiary of neer sold a 149 mw wind generation facility located in ontario, canada to an indirect subsidiary of nep.
corporate and other: results of operations corporate and other is primarily comprised of the operating results of neet, fpl fibernet and other business activities, as well as corporate interest income and expenses. corporate and other allocates a portion of neech's corporate interest expense and shared service costs to neer. interest expense is allocated based on a deemed capital structure of 70% debt and, for purposes of allocating neech's corporate interest expense, the deferred credit associated with differential membership interests sold by neer's subsidiaries is included with debt. each subsidiary's income taxes are calculated based on the "separate return method," except that tax benefits that could not be used on a separate return basis, but are used on the consolidated tax return, are recorded by the subsidiary that generated the tax benefits. any remaining consolidated income tax benefits or expenses are recorded at corporate and other. the major components of corporate and other's results, on an after-tax basis, are as follows:
interest expense, net of allocations to neer          $(87    )        $(95        )            $(109    )
federal and state income tax benefits (expenses)        20             (7          )               15
the decrease in interest expense, net of allocations to neer in 2015 and 2014 reflects lower average debt balances due in part to a higher allocation of interest costs to neer reflecting growth in neer's business. the federal and state income tax benefits (expenses) reflect consolidating income tax adjustments, including, in 2015, favorable changes in state income tax laws and, in 2013, a $15 million income tax benefit recorded as a gain from discontinued operations, net of federal income taxes (see overview - adjusted earnings).
other - net includes all other corporate income and expenses, as well as other business activities. the increase in other - net for 2015 primarily reflects 2015 investment gains compared to 2014 investment losses and the absence of debt reacquisition losses recorded in 2014. the decrease in other in 2014 primarily reflects after-tax investment losses in 2014, lower results from neet and debt reacquisition losses. substantially all of such investment losses and gains, on a pretax basis, is reflected in other - net in nee's consolidated statements of income.
liquidity and capital resources nee and its subsidiaries, including fpl, require funds to support and grow their businesses. these funds are used for, among other things, working capital, capital expenditures, investments in or acquisitions of assets and businesses, payment of maturing debt obligations and, from time to time, redemption or repurchase of outstanding debt or equity securities. it is anticipated that these requirements will be satisfied through a combination of cash flows from operations, short- and long-term borrowings, the issuance of short- and long-term debt and, from time to time, equity securities, and proceeds from differential membership investors, consistent with nee's and fpl's objective of maintaining, on a long-term basis, a capital structure that will support a strong investment grade credit rating. nee, fpl and neech rely on access to credit and capital markets as significant sources of liquidity for capital requirements and other operations that are not satisfied by operating cash flows. the inability of nee, fpl and neech to maintain their current credit ratings could affect their ability to raise short- and long-term capital, their cost of capital and the execution of their respective financing strategies, and could require the posting of additional collateral under certain agreements.
in october 2015, nee authorized a program to purchase, from time to time, up to $150 million of common units representing limited partner interests of nep. under the program, any purchases may be made in amounts, at prices and at such times as nee or its subsidiaries deem appropriate, all subject to market conditions and other considerations. the purchases may be made in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. any purchases will be made in such quantities, at such prices, in such manner and on such terms and conditions as determined by nee or its subsidiaries in their discretion, based on factors such as market and business conditions, applicable legal requirements and other factors. the common unit purchase program does not require nee to acquire any specific number of common units and may be modified or terminated by nee at any time. nee owns and controls the general partner of nep and beneficially owns approximately 76.9% of nep's voting power at december 31, 2015. the purpose of the program is not to cause nep's common units to be delisted from the new york stock exchange or to cause the common units to be deregistered with the sec. as of december 31, 2015, nee had purchased approximately $0.6 million of nep common units under this program. also in october 2015, nep put in place an at-the-market equity issuance program pursuant to which nep may issue from time to time, up to $150 million of its common units. as of december 31, 2015, nep had issued approximately $26 million of its common units under this program.
cash flows nee's increase in cash flows from operating activities for 2015 and 2014 primarily reflects operating cash generated from additional wind and solar facilities that were placed in service during or after 2014 and 2013, respectively. fpl's cash flows from operating activities remained essentially flat in 2015 and 2014 compared to the prior year period, and, in 2015, reflects the purchase of cedar bay. see note 1 - rate regulation.
sources and uses of nee's and fpl's cash for 2015, 2014 and 2013 were as follows:
cash flows from operating activities                                                          $6,116                $5,500                $5,102               $3,393             $3,454                   $3,558
change in loan proceeds restricted for construction                                                -                     -                   228                    -             -                             -
sale of independent power and other investments of neer                                           52                   307                   165                    -             -                             -
capital contributions from nee                                                                     -                     -                     -                1,454                   100                   275
proceeds from sale of noncontrolling interest in subsidiaries                                    345                   438                     -                    -             -                             -
capital expenditures, independent power and other investments and nuclear fuel purchases      (8,377    )           (7,017    )           (6,682    )          (3,633    )        (3,241      )            (2,903    )
nee's primary capital requirements are for expanding and enhancing fpl's electric system and generation facilities to continue to provide reliable service to meet customer electricity demands and for funding neer's investments in independent power and other projects. the following table provides a summary of the major capital investments for 2015, 2014 and 2013.
other, primarily change in accrued property additions and exclusion of afudc - equity                 (134    )              (37    )               70
total capital expenditures, independent power and other investments and nuclear fuel purchases      $8,377                $7,017                $6,682
liquidity at december 31, 2015, nee's total net available liquidity was approximately $7.7 billion, of which fpl's portion was approximately $3.1 billion. the table below provides the components of fpl's and neech's net available liquidity at december 31, 2015.
maturity date fpl                 neech               total         fpl                       neech
bank revolving line of credit facilities(a)         $3,000              $4,850                $7,850             2016 - 2021         2016 - 2021
issued letters of credit                                (6   )            (410     )            (416   )
revolving credit facilities                            200                 710                   910       2018                      2016 - 2020
letter of credit facilities(b)                           -                 650                   650                           2017
issued letters of credit                                 -                (443     )            (443   )
net available liquidity                             $3,061              $4,598                $7,659
(a)   provide for the funding of loans up to $7,850 million ($3,000 million for fpl) and the issuance of letters of credit up to $3,950 million ($1,070 million for fpl). the entire amount of the credit facilities is available for general corporate purposes and to provide additional liquidity in the event of a loss to the companies' or their subsidiaries' operating facilities (including, in the case of fpl, a transmission and distribution property loss). fpl's bank revolving line of credit facilities are also available to support the purchase of $718 million of pollution control, solid waste disposal and industrial development revenue bonds (tax exempt bonds) in the event they are tendered by individual bond holders and not remarketed prior to maturity. approximately $2,255 million of fpl's and $3,700 million of neech's bank revolving line of credit facilities expire in 2021.
(b)   only available for the issuance of letters of credit.
as of february 19, 2016, 68 banks participate in fpl's and neech's revolving credit facilities, with no one bank providing more than 6% of the combined revolving credit facilities. european banks provide approximately 30% of the combined revolving credit facilities. pursuant to a 1998 guarantee agreement, nee guarantees the payment of neech's debt obligations under its revolving credit facilities. in order for fpl or neech to borrow or to have letters of credit issued under the terms of their respective revolving credit facilities and, also for neech, its letter of credit facilities, fpl, in the case of fpl, and nee, in the case of neech, are required, among other things, to maintain a ratio of funded debt to total capitalization that does not exceed a stated ratio. the fpl and neech revolving credit facilities also contain default and related acceleration provisions relating to, among other things, failure of fpl and nee, as the case may be, to maintain the respective ratio of funded debt to total capitalization at or below the specified ratio. at december 31, 2015, each of nee and fpl was in compliance with its required ratio.
additionally, at december 31, 2015, certain subsidiaries of neer and nep had credit or loan facilities with available liquidity as set forth in the table below. in order for the applicable borrower to borrow or to have letters of credit issued under the terms of the agreements for some of the neer facilities listed below, among other things, nee is required to maintain a ratio of funded debt to total capitalization that does not exceed a stated ratio. these neer agreements also generally contain covenants and default and related acceleration provisions relating to, among other things, failure of nee to maintain a ratio of funded debt to total capitalization at or below the specified ratio. some of the payment obligations of the borrowers under the neer agreements listed below ultimately are guaranteed by nee.
amount         amountremainingavailable atdecember 31, 2015   rate            maturitydate   related project use
canadian revolving credit facilities(a)                       c$850                                                 $458   variable             various   canadian renewable generation assets limited-recourse construction and term loan facility           $425                                                 $106   variable                2035   construction and development of a 250 mw solar pv project in california limited-recourse construction and term loan facility           $619                                                  $98   variable                2035   construction and development of a 250 mw solar pv project in nevada cash grant bridge loan facilities                              $250                                                 $250   variable                2018   construction and development of a 250 mw solar pv project in nevada nep:
senior secured revolving credit facility(b)                    $250                                                 $221   variable                2019   working capital, expansion projects, acquisitions and general business purposes senior secured limited-recourse revolving loan facility(c)     $150                                                 $150   variable                2020   general business purposes
(a)   available for general corporate purposes; the current intent is to use these facilities for the purchase, development, construction and/or operation of canadian renewable generation assets. consists of three credit facilities with expiration dates ranging from february 28, 2016 to april 2016.
(b)   nep opco and one of its direct subsidiaries are required to comply with certain financial covenants on a quarterly basis and nep opco's ability to pay cash distributions to its unit holders is subject to certain other restrictions. the revolving credit facility includes borrowing capacity for letters of credit and incremental commitments to increase the revolving credit facility up to $1 billion in the aggregate. borrowings under the revolving credit facility are guaranteed by nep opco and nep.
(c)   a certain nep subsidiary (borrower) is required to satisfy certain conditions, including among other things, maintaining a leverage ratio at the time of any borrowing that does not exceed a specified ratio. borrowings under this revolving loan facility are secured by liens on certain of the borrower's assets and certain of the borrower's subsidiaries' assets, as well as the ownership interest in the borrower. contains default and related acceleration provisions relating to, among other things, failure of the borrower to maintain a leverage ratio at or below the specified rate and a minimum interest coverage ratio.
storm restoration costs as of december 31, 2015, fpl had the capacity to absorb up to approximately $119 million in future prudently incurred storm restoration costs without seeking recovery through a rate adjustment from the fpsc or filing a petition with the fpsc. see note 1 - revenues and rates.
capital support guarantees, letters of credit, surety bonds and indemnifications (guarantee arrangements)
certain subsidiaries of nee, including fpl, issue guarantees and obtain letters of credit and surety bonds, as well as provide indemnities, to facilitate commercial transactions with third parties and financings. substantially all of the guarantee arrangements are on behalf of nee's or fpl's consolidated subsidiaries, as discussed in more detail below. nee and fpl are not required to recognize liabilities associated with guarantee arrangements issued on behalf of their consolidated subsidiaries unless it becomes probable that they will be required to perform. at december 31, 2015, nee and fpl believe it is unlikely that they would be required to perform under, or otherwise incur any losses associated with, these guarantee arrangements.
as of december 31, 2015, nee subsidiaries had approximately $3.3 billion in guarantees related primarily to equity contribution agreements associated with the development, construction and financing of certain power generation facilities, engineering, procurement and construction agreements and natural gas pipeline development projects. in addition, as of december 31, 2015, nee subsidiaries had approximately $4.6 billion in guarantees ($21 million for fpl) related to obligations under purchased power agreements, indemnifications associated with asset divestitures, nuclear-related activities, the non-receipt of proceeds from cash grants under the recovery act and the payment obligations related to renewable tax credits, as well as other types of contractual obligations.
in some instances, subsidiaries of nee elect to issue guarantees instead of posting other forms of collateral required under certain financing arrangements. as of december 31, 2015, these guarantees totaled approximately $935 million and support, among other things, required cash management reserves, o&m service agreement requirements and other specific project financing requirements.
subsidiaries of nee also issue guarantees to support customer supply and proprietary power and gas trading activities, including the buying and selling of wholesale and retail energy commodities. as of december 31, 2015, the estimated mark-to-market exposure (the total amount that these subsidiaries of nee could be required to fund based on energy commodity market prices at december 31, 2015) plus contract settlement net payables, net of collateral posted for obligations under these guarantees totaled $656 million.
as of december 31, 2015, subsidiaries of nee also had approximately $1.0 billion of standby letters of credit ($6 million for fpl) and approximately $317 million of surety bonds ($77 million for fpl) to support certain of the commercial activities discussed above. fpl's and neech's credit facilities are available to support the amount of the standby letters of credit.
in addition, as part of contract negotiations in the normal course of business, certain subsidiaries of nee, including fpl, have agreed and in the future may agree to make payments to compensate or indemnify other parties for possible unfavorable financial consequences resulting from specified events. the specified events may include, but are not limited to, an adverse judgment in a lawsuit or the imposition of additional taxes due to a change in tax law or interpretations of the tax law. nee and fpl are unable to estimate the maximum potential amount of future payments under some of these contracts because events that would obligate them to make payments have not yet occurred or, if any such event has occurred, they have not been notified of its occurrence.
certain guarantee arrangements described above contain requirements for neech and fpl to maintain a specified credit rating. for a discussion of credit rating downgrade triggers see credit ratings below. nee has guaranteed certain payment obligations of neech, including most of its debt and all of its debentures and commercial paper issuances, as well as most of its payment guarantees and indemnifications, and neech has guaranteed certain debt and other obligations of neer and its subsidiaries.
shelf registration in july 2015, nee, neech and fpl filed a shelf registration statement with the sec for an unspecified amount of securities which became effective upon filing. the amount of securities issuable by the companies is established from time to time by their respective boards of directors. as of february 19, 2016, securities that may be issued under the registration statement include, depending on the registrant, senior debt securities, subordinated debt securities, junior subordinated debentures, first mortgage bonds, common stock, preferred stock, stock purchase contracts, stock purchase units, warrants and guarantees related to certain of those securities. as of february 19, 2016, the board-authorized capacity available to issue securities was approximately $4.8 billion for nee and neech (issuable by either or both of them up to such aggregate amount) and $1.9 billion for fpl.
contractual obligations and estimated capital expenditures nee's and fpl's commitments at december 31, 2015 were as follows:
asset retirement activities:(e)
other commitments:
(b)   includes $718 million of tax exempt bonds that permit individual bond holders to tender the bonds for purchase at any time prior to maturity. in the event bonds are tendered for purchase, they would be remarketed by a designated remarketing agent in accordance with the related indenture. if the remarketing is unsuccessful, fpl would be required to purchase the tax exempt bonds. as of december 31, 2015, all tax exempt bonds tendered for purchase have been successfully remarketed. fpl's bank revolving line of credit facilities are available to support the purchase of tax exempt bonds.
(c)   represents required capacity and minimum charges under long-term purchased power and fuel contracts (see note 14 - contracts), and projected capital expenditures through 2020 (see note 14 - commitments).
(e)   represents expected cash payments adjusted for inflation for estimated costs to perform asset retirement activities.
(f)   at december 31, 2015, fpl had approximately $3,430 million in restricted funds for the payment of future expenditures to decommission fpl's nuclear units, which are included in nee's and fpl's special use funds. see note 13.
(g)   at december 31, 2015, neer's 88.23% portion of seabrook's and 70% portion of duane arnold's and its point beach's restricted funds for the payment of future expenditures to decommission its nuclear units totaled approximately $1,634 million and are included in nee's special use funds. see note 13.
(h)   represents estimated cash distributions related to differential membership interests and payments related to the acquisition of certain development rights. for further discussion of differential membership interests, see note 1 - sale of differential membership interests.
credit ratings nee's and fpl's liquidity, ability to access credit and capital markets, cost of borrowings and collateral posting requirements under certain agreements are dependent on their credit ratings. at february 19, 2016, moody's investors service, inc. (moody's), standard & poor's ratings services (s&p) and fitch ratings (fitch) had assigned the following credit ratings to nee, fpl and neech:
moody's(a)   s&amp;p(a)   fitch(a)
corporate credit rating                                                               baa1         a-           a-
corporate credit rating                                                               a1           a-           a first mortgage bonds                                                                  aa2          a            aa-
pollution control, solid waste disposal and industrial development revenue bonds(c)   vmig-1/p-1   a-2          f1
corporate credit rating                                                               baa1         a-           a-
(a)   a security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and should be evaluated independently of any other rating. the rating is subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organization.
(b)   the outlook indicated by each of moody's, s&amp;p and fitch is stable.
nee and its subsidiaries, including fpl, have no credit rating downgrade triggers that would accelerate the maturity dates of outstanding debt. a change in ratings is not an event of default under applicable debt instruments, and while there are conditions to drawing on the credit facilities noted above, the maintenance of a specific minimum credit rating is not a condition to drawing on these credit facilities.
commitment fees and interest rates on loans under these credit facilities' agreements are tied to credit ratings. a ratings downgrade also could reduce the accessibility and increase the cost of commercial paper and other short-term debt issuances and borrowings and additional or replacement credit facilities. in addition, a ratings downgrade could result in, among other things, the requirement that nee subsidiaries, including fpl, post collateral under certain agreements and guarantee arrangements, including, but not limited to, those related to fuel procurement, power sales and purchases, nuclear decommissioning funding, debt-related reserves and trading activities. fpl's and neech's credit facilities are available to support these potential requirements.
covenants nee's charter does not limit the dividends that may be paid on its common stock. as a practical matter, the ability of nee to pay dividends on its common stock is dependent upon, among other things, dividends paid to it by its subsidiaries. for example, fpl pays dividends to nee in a manner consistent with fpl's long-term targeted capital structure. however, the mortgage securing fpl's first mortgage bonds contains provisions which, under certain conditions, restrict the payment of dividends to nee and the issuance of additional first mortgage bonds. additionally, in some circumstances, the mortgage restricts the amount of retained earnings that fpl can use to pay cash dividends on its common stock. the restricted amount may change based on factors set out in the mortgage. other than this restriction on the payment of common stock dividends, the mortgage does not restrict fpl's use of retained earnings. as of december 31, 2015, no retained earnings were restricted by these provisions of the mortgage and, in light of fpl's current financial condition and level of earnings, management does not expect that planned financing activities or dividends would be affected by these limitations.
fpl may issue first mortgage bonds under its mortgage subject to its meeting an adjusted net earnings test set forth in the mortgage, which generally requires adjusted net earnings to be at least twice the annual interest requirements on, or at least 10% of the aggregate principal amount of, fpl's first mortgage bonds including those to be issued and any other non-junior fpl indebtedness. as of december 31, 2015, coverage for the 12 months ended december 31, 2015 would have been approximately 7.8 times the annual interest requirements and approximately 3.8 times the aggregate principal requirements. new first mortgage bonds are also limited to an amount equal to the sum of 60% of unfunded property additions after adjustments to offset property retirements, the amount of retired first mortgage bonds or qualified lien bonds and the amount of cash on deposit with the mortgage trustee. as of december 31, 2015, fpl could have issued in excess of $11.8 billion of additional first mortgage bonds based on the unfunded property additions and in excess of $6.3 billion based on retired first mortgage bonds. as of december 31, 2015, no cash was deposited with the mortgage trustee for these purposes.
in september 2006, nee and neech executed a replacement capital covenant (september 2006 rcc) in connection with neech's offering of $350 million principal amount of series b enhanced junior subordinated debentures due 2066 (series b junior
subordinated debentures). the september 2006 rcc is for the benefit of persons that buy, hold or sell a specified series of long-term indebtedness (covered debt) of neech (other than the series b junior subordinated debentures) or, in certain cases, of nee. fpl group capital trust i's 5 7/8% preferred trust securities have been initially designated as the covered debt under the september 2006 rcc. the september 2006 rcc provides that neech may redeem, and nee or neech may purchase, any series b junior subordinated debentures on or before october 1, 2036, only to the extent that the redemption or purchase price does not exceed a specified amount of proceeds from the sale of qualifying securities, subject to certain limitations described in the september 2006 rcc. qualifying securities are securities that have equity-like characteristics that are the same as, or more equity-like than, the series b junior subordinated debentures at the time of redemption or purchase, which are sold within 180 days prior to the date of the redemption or repurchase of the series b junior subordinated debentures.
in june 2007, nee and neech executed a replacement capital covenant (june 2007 rcc) in connection with neech's offering of $400 million principal amount of its series c junior subordinated debentures due 2067 (series c junior subordinated debentures). the june 2007 rcc is for the benefit of persons that buy, hold or sell a specified series of covered debt of neech (other than the series c junior subordinated debentures) or, in certain cases, of nee. fpl group capital trust i's 5 7/8% preferred trust securities have been initially designated as the covered debt under the june 2007 rcc. the june 2007 rcc provides that neech may redeem or purchase, or satisfy, discharge or defease (collectively, defease), and nee and any majority-owned subsidiary of nee or neech may purchase, any series c junior subordinated debentures on or before june 15, 2037, only to the extent that the principal amount defeased or the applicable redemption or purchase price does not exceed a specified amount raised from the issuance, during the 180 days prior to the date of that redemption, purchase or defeasance, of qualifying securities that have equity-like characteristics that are the same as, or more equity-like than, the applicable characteristics of the series c junior subordinated debentures at the time of redemption, purchase or defeasance, subject to certain limitations described in the june 2007 rcc.
in september 2007, nee and neech executed a replacement capital covenant (september 2007 rcc) in connection with neech's offering of $250 million principal amount of its series d junior subordinated debentures due 2067 (series d junior subordinated debentures). the september 2007 rcc is for the benefit of persons that buy, hold or sell a specified series of covered debt of neech (other than the series d junior subordinated debentures) or, in certain cases, of nee. fpl group capital trust i's 5 7/8% preferred trust securities have been initially designated as the covered debt under the september 2007 rcc. the september 2007 rcc provides that neech may redeem, purchase, or defease, and nee and any majority-owned subsidiary of nee or neech may purchase, any series d junior subordinated debentures on or before september 1, 2037, only to the extent that the principal amount defeased or the applicable redemption or purchase price does not exceed a specified amount raised from the issuance, during the 180 days prior to the date of that redemption, purchase or defeasance, of qualifying securities that have equity-like characteristics that are the same as, or more equity-like than, the applicable characteristics of the series d junior subordinated debentures at the time of redemption, purchase or defeasance, subject to certain limitations described in the september 2007 rcc.
new accounting rules and interpretations amendments to the consolidation analysis - in february 2015, the financial accounting standards board (fasb) issued an accounting standard update which modifies the current consolidation guidance. see note 1 - variable interest entities.
presentation of debt issuance costs - in april 2015, the fasb issued an accounting standard update which changes the presentation of debt issuance costs in financial statements. see note 1 - debt issuance costs.
revenue recognition - in may 2014, the fasb issued a new accounting standard related to the recognition of revenue from contracts with customers and required disclosures. see note 1 - revenues and rates.
financial instruments - in january 2016, the fasb issued an accounting standard update which modifies guidance regarding certain aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of financial instruments. see note 4 - financial instruments accounting standard update.
critical accounting policies and estimates nee's and fpl's significant accounting policies are described in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, which were prepared under gaap. critical accounting policies are those that nee and fpl believe are both most important to the portrayal of their financial condition and results of operations, and require complex, subjective judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates and assumptions about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. judgments and uncertainties affecting the application of those policies may result in materially different amounts being reported under different conditions or using different assumptions.
nee and fpl consider the following policies to be the most critical in understanding the judgments that are involved in preparing their consolidated financial statements:
accounting for derivatives and hedging activities nee and fpl use derivative instruments (primarily swaps, options, futures and forwards) to manage the commodity price risk inherent in the purchase and sale of fuel and electricity, as well as interest rate and foreign currency exchange rate risk associated primarily with outstanding and forecasted debt issuances and borrowings. in addition, nee, through neer, uses derivatives to optimize the value of power generation and gas infrastructure assets and engages in power and gas marketing and trading activities to take advantage of expected future favorable price movements.
nature of accounting estimates accounting pronouncements require the use of fair value accounting if certain conditions are met, which requires significant judgment to measure the fair value of assets and liabilities. this applies not only to traditional financial derivative instruments, but to any contract having the accounting characteristics of a derivative. much of the existing accounting guidance related to derivatives focuses on when certain contracts for the purchase and sale of power and certain fuel supply contracts can be excluded from derivative accounting rules, however the guidance does not address all contract issues. as a result, significant judgment must be used in applying derivatives accounting guidance to contracts. in the event changes in interpretation occur, it is possible that contracts that currently are excluded from derivatives accounting rules would have to be recorded on the balance sheet at fair value, with changes in the fair value recorded in the statement of income.
assumptions and accounting approach nee's and fpl's derivative instruments, when required to be marked to market, are recorded on the balance sheet at fair value. fair values for some of the longer-term contracts where liquid markets are not available are derived through internally developed models which estimate the fair value of a contract by calculating the present value of the difference between the contract price and the forward prices. forward prices represent the price at which a buyer or seller could contract today to purchase or sell a commodity at a future date. the near-term forward market for electricity is generally liquid and therefore the prices in the early years of the forward curves reflect observable market quotes. however, in the later years, the market is much less liquid and forward price curves must be developed using factors including the forward prices for the commodities used as fuel to generate electricity, the expected system heat rate (which measures the efficiency of power plants in converting fuel to electricity) in the region where the purchase or sale takes place, and a fundamental forecast of expected spot prices based on modeled supply and demand in the region. nee estimates the fair value of interest rate and foreign currency derivatives using a discounted cash flows valuation technique based on the net amount of estimated future cash inflows and outflows related to the derivative agreements. the assumptions in these models are critical since any changes therein could have a significant impact on the fair value of the derivative.
at fpl, substantially all changes in the fair value of energy derivative transactions are deferred as a regulatory asset or liability until the contracts are settled, and, upon settlement, any gains or losses are passed through the fuel clause. see note 3.
in nee's non-rate regulated operations, predominantly neer, essentially all changes in the derivatives' fair value for power purchases and sales, fuel sales and trading activities are recognized on a net basis in operating revenues; fuel purchases used in the production of electricity are recognized in fuel, purchased power and interchange expense; and the equity method investees' related activity is recognized in equity in earnings of equity method investees in nee's consolidated statements of income.
for those interest rate and foreign currency transactions accounted for as cash flow hedges, much of the effects of changes in fair value are reflected in oci, a component of common shareholders' equity, rather than being recognized in current earnings. for those transactions accounted for as fair value hedges, the effects of changes in fair value are reflected in current earnings offset by changes in the fair value of the item being hedged.
certain hedging transactions at neer are entered into as economic hedges but the transactions do not meet the requirements for hedge accounting, hedge accounting treatment is not elected or hedge accounting has been discontinued. changes in the fair value of those transactions are marked to market and reported in the consolidated statements of income, resulting in earnings volatility. these changes in fair value are captured in the non-qualifying hedge category in computing adjusted earnings. this could be significant to neer's results because the economic offset to the positions are not marked to market. as a consequence, nee's net income reflects only the movement in one part of economically-linked transactions. for example, a gain (loss) in the non-qualifying hedge category for certain energy derivatives is offset by decreases (increases) in the fair value of related physical asset positions in the portfolio or contracts, which are not marked to market under gaap. for this reason, nee's management views results expressed excluding the unrealized mark-to-market impact of the non-qualifying hedges as a meaningful measure of current period performance. for additional information regarding derivative instruments, see note 3, overview and energy marketing and trading and market risk sensitivity.
accounting for pension benefits nee sponsors a qualified noncontributory defined benefit pension plan for substantially all employees of nee and its subsidiaries. management believes that, based on actuarial assumptions and the well-funded status of the pension plan, nee will not be required to make any cash contributions to the qualified pension plan in the near future. the qualified pension plan has a fully funded trust dedicated to providing benefits under the plan. nee allocates net periodic income associated with the pension plan to its subsidiaries annually using specific criteria.
nature of accounting estimates for the pension plan, the benefit obligation is the actuarial present value, as of the december 31 measurement date, of all benefits attributed by the pension benefit formula to employee service rendered to that date. the amount of benefit to be paid depends on a number of future events incorporated into the pension benefit formula, including estimates of the average life of employees/survivors and average years of service rendered. the projected benefit obligation is measured based on assumptions concerning future interest rates and future employee compensation levels. nee derives pension income from actuarial calculations based on the plan's provisions and various management assumptions including discount rate, rate of increase in compensation levels and expected long-term rate of return on plan assets.
assumptions and accounting approach accounting guidance requires recognition of the funded status of the pension plan in the balance sheet, with changes in the funded status recognized in other comprehensive income within shareholders' equity in the year in which the changes occur. since nee is the plan sponsor, and its subsidiaries do not have separate rights to the plan assets or direct obligations to their employees, this accounting guidance is reflected at nee and not allocated to the subsidiaries. the portion of previously unrecognized actuarial gains and losses and prior service costs or credits that are estimated to be allocable to fpl as net periodic (income) cost in future periods and that otherwise would be recorded in aoci are classified as regulatory assets and liabilities at nee in accordance with regulatory treatment.
net periodic pension income is included in o&m expenses, and is calculated using a number of actuarial assumptions. those assumptions for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 include:
(a)   in 2015, an expected long-term rate of return of 7.75% is presented net of investment management fees.
in developing these assumptions, nee evaluated input, including other qualitative and quantitative factors, from its actuaries and consultants, as well as information available in the marketplace. in addition, for the expected long-term rate of return on pension plan assets, nee considered different models, capital market return assumptions and historical returns for a portfolio with an equity/bond asset mix similar to its pension fund, as well as its pension fund's historical compounded returns. nee believes that 7.35% is a reasonable long-term rate of return, net of investment management fees, on its pension plan assets. nee will continue to evaluate all of its actuarial assumptions, including its expected rate of return, at least annually, and will adjust them as appropriate.
nee utilizes in its determination of pension income a market-related valuation of plan assets. this market-related valuation reduces year-to-year volatility and recognizes investment gains or losses over a five-year period following the year in which they occur. investment gains or losses for this purpose are the difference between the expected return calculated using the market-related value of plan assets and the actual return realized on those plan assets. since the market-related value of plan assets recognizes gains or losses over a five-year period, the future value of plan assets will be affected as previously deferred gains or losses are recognized. such gains and losses together with other differences between actual results and the estimates used in the actuarial valuations are deferred and recognized in determining pension income only to the extent they exceed 10% of the greater of projected benefit obligations or the market-related value of plan assets.
the following table illustrates the effect on net periodic income of changing the critical actuarial assumptions discussed above, while holding all other assumptions constant:
decrease in 2015net periodic income change inassumption   nee                             fpl
nee also utilizes actuarial assumptions about mortality to help estimate obligations of the pension plan. nee has adopted the latest revised mortality tables and mortality improvement scales released by the society of actuaries, which adoption did not have a material impact on the pension plan's obligation.
carrying value of long-lived assets nee evaluates long-lived assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.
nature of accounting estimates the amount of future net cash flows, the timing of the cash flows and the determination of an appropriate interest rate all involve estimates and judgments about future events. in particular, the aggregate amount of cash flows determines whether an impairment exists, and the timing of the cash flows is critical in determining fair value. because each assessment is based on the facts and circumstances associated with each long-lived asset, the effects of changes in assumptions cannot be generalized.
assumptions and accounting approach an impairment loss is required to be recognized if the carrying value of the asset exceeds the undiscounted future net cash flows associated with that asset. the impairment loss to be recognized is the amount by which the carrying value of the long-lived asset exceeds the asset's fair value. in most instances, the fair value is determined by discounting estimated future cash flows using an appropriate interest rate. see note 4 - nonrecurring fair value measurements and management's discussion - neer: results of operations - gas infrastructure.
decommissioning and dismantlement the components of nee's and fpl's decommissioning of nuclear plants, dismantlement of plants and other accrued asset removal costs are as follows:
fpl nucleardecommissioning                       fossil/solardismantlement         interim removalcosts and other                         neech(a)                                                          nee december 31,                                    december 31,         december 31,                                           december 31,                                             december 31,
less capitalized aro asset net of accumulated depreciation                           375               -                              38         18                            -                           -                          -                 -                       413       18
accrued asset removal costs(b)                                                       279         280                                 315         311                           1,327                       1,307                9                   6                         1,930               1,904
asset retirement obligation regulatory expense difference(b)                       2,147               2,239                          37         20                            (2            )             (2            )            -                 -                     2,182               2,257
accrued decommissioning, dismantlement and other accrued asset removal costs      $3,815         (c)   $3,822            (c)        $367         (c)        $361         (c)   $1,330               (c)    $1,309               (c)   $656              $637                 $6,168              $6,129
(b)   regulatory liability on nee's and fpl's consolidated balance sheets.
(c)   represents total amount accrued for ratemaking purposes.
nature of accounting estimates the calculation of the future cost of retiring long-lived assets, including nuclear decommissioning and plant dismantlement costs, involves estimating the amount and timing of future expenditures and making judgments concerning whether or not such costs are considered a legal obligation. estimating the amount and timing of future expenditures includes, among other things, making projections of when assets will be retired and ultimately decommissioned and how costs will escalate with inflation. in addition, nee and fpl also make interest rate and rate of return projections on their investments in determining recommended funding requirements for nuclear decommissioning costs. periodically, nee and fpl are required to update these estimates and projections which can affect the annual expense amounts recognized, the liabilities recorded and the annual funding requirements for nuclear decommissioning costs. for example, an increase of 0.25% in the assumed escalation rates for nuclear decommissioning costs would increase nee's and fpl's asset retirement obligations and conditional asset retirement obligations (collectively, aros) as of december 31, 2015 by $191 million and $149 million, respectively.
assumptions and accounting approach nee and fpl each account for aros under accounting guidance that requires a liability for the fair value of an aro to be recognized in the period in which it is incurred if it can be reasonably estimated, with the offsetting associated asset retirement costs capitalized as part of the carrying amount of the long-lived assets.
fpl - for ratemaking purposes, fpl accrues and funds for nuclear plant decommissioning costs over the expected service life of each unit based on studies that are filed with the fpsc. the studies reflect, among other things, the expiration dates of the operating licenses for fpl's nuclear units. the most recent studies, filed in 2015, indicate that fpl's portion of the future cost of decommissioning its four nuclear units, including spent fuel storage above what is expected to be refunded by the doe under the spent fuel settlement agreement, is approximately $7.5 billion, or $2.9 billion expressed in 2015 dollars.
fpl accrues the cost of dismantling its fossil and solar plants over the expected service life of each unit based on studies filed with the fpsc. unlike nuclear decommissioning, dismantlement costs are not funded. the most recent studies became effective january 1, 2010. at december 31, 2015, fpl's portion of the ultimate cost to dismantle its fossil and solar units is approximately $752 million, or $411 million expressed in 2015 dollars. the majority of the dismantlement costs are not considered aros. fpl accrues for interim removal costs over the life of the related assets based on depreciation studies approved by the fpsc. any differences between the aro amount recorded and the amount recorded for ratemaking purposes are reported as a regulatory liability in accordance with regulatory accounting.
neer - neer records a liability for the present value of its expected decommissioning costs which is determined using various internal and external data and applying a probability percentage to a variety of scenarios regarding the life of the plant and timing of decommissioning. the liability is being accreted using the interest method through the date decommissioning activities are expected to be complete. at december 31, 2015, the aro for nuclear decommissioning of neer's nuclear plants totaled approximately $423 million. neer's portion of the ultimate cost of decommissioning its nuclear plants, including costs associated with spent fuel storage above what is expected to be refunded by the doe under the spent fuel settlement agreement, is estimated to be approximately $11.8 billion, or $1.9 billion expressed in 2015 dollars.
see note 1 - asset retirement obligations and - decommissioning of nuclear plants, dismantlement of plants and other accrued asset removal costs and note 13.
regulatory accounting nee's and fpl's regulatory assets and liabilities are as follows:
regulatory assets:
securitized storm-recovery costs                                 $208                $294                $208                $294
regulatory liabilities:
current, included in other current liabilities                    $14                 $26                 $12                 $24
accrued asset removal costs                                    $1,930              $1,904              $1,921              $1,898
asset retirement obligation regulatory expense difference      $2,182              $2,257              $2,182              $2,257
nature of accounting estimates regulatory assets and liabilities represent probable future revenues that will be recovered from or refunded to customers through the ratemaking process. regulatory assets and liabilities are included in rate base or otherwise earn (pay) a return on investment during the recovery period.
assumptions and accounting approach accounting guidance allows regulators to create assets and impose liabilities that would not be recorded by non-rate regulated entities. if nee's rate-regulated entities, primarily fpl, were no longer subject to cost-based rate regulation, the existing regulatory assets and liabilities would be written off unless regulators specify an alternative means of recovery or refund. in addition, the regulators, including the fpsc for fpl, have the authority to disallow recovery of costs that it considers excessive or imprudently incurred. such costs may include, among others, fuel and o&m expenses, the cost of replacing power lost when fossil and nuclear units are unavailable, storm restoration costs and costs associated with the construction or acquisition of new facilities. the continued applicability of regulatory accounting is assessed at each reporting period.
energy marketing and trading and market risk sensitivity nee and fpl are exposed to risks associated with adverse changes in commodity prices, interest rates and equity prices. financial instruments and positions affecting the financial statements of nee and fpl described below are held primarily for purposes other than trading. market risk is measured as the potential loss in fair value resulting from hypothetical reasonably possible changes in commodity prices, interest rates or equity prices over the next year. management has established risk management policies to monitor and manage such market risks, as well as credit risks.
commodity price risk nee and fpl use derivative instruments (primarily swaps, options, futures and forwards) to manage the commodity price risk inherent in the purchase and sale of fuel and electricity. in addition, nee, through neer, uses derivatives to optimize the value of power generation and gas infrastructure assets and engages in power and gas marketing and trading activities to take advantage of expected future favorable price movements. see critical accounting policies and estimates - accounting for derivatives and hedging activities and note 3.
during 2014 and 2015, the changes in the fair value of nee's consolidated subsidiaries' energy contract derivative instruments were as follows:
hedges on owned assets trading            non-qualifying        fpl costrecoveryclauses                 nee total
fair value of contracts outstanding at december 31, 2013                                $301                    $563               $46                                    $910
inception value of new contracts                                                          (4    )                  -               -                                        (4     )
net option premium purchases (issuances)                                                 (65    )                  2               -                                       (63     )
changes in fair value excluding reclassification to realized                             139                     275               (288                )                   126
fair value of contracts outstanding at december 31, 2014                                 320                     898               (363                )                   855
inception value of new contracts                                                          18                       3               -                                        21
net option premium purchases (issuances)                                                 (45    )                  3               -                                       (42     )
changes in fair value excluding reclassification to realized                             293                     640               (326                )                   607
fair value of contracts outstanding at december 31, 2015                                 359                   1,185               (218                )                 1,326
total mark-to-market energy contract net assets (liabilities) at december 31, 2015      $359                  $1,185               $(218               )                  $955
nee's total mark-to-market energy contract net assets (liabilities) at december 31, 2015 shown above are included on the consolidated balance sheets as follows:
current derivative assets                                        $695
assets held for sale                                               57
noncurrent derivative assets                                    1,185
current derivative liabilities                                   (694       )
liabilities associated with assets held for sale                  (16       )
noncurrent derivative liabilities                                (272       )
nee's total mark-to-market energy contract net assets            $955
the sources of fair value estimates and maturity of energy contract derivative instruments at december 31, 2015 were as follows:
maturity
quoted prices in active markets for identical assets      $(25   )           $23                $8                $4           $-              $-                          $10
owned assets - non-qualifying:
quoted prices in active markets for identical assets        12                 -                 8                 4           -               -                            24
owned assets - fpl cost recovery clauses:
quoted prices in active markets for identical assets         -                 -                 -                 -           -               -                             -
total sources of fair value                               $292              $361              $200              $125           $94             $254                     $1,326
with respect to commodities, nee's exposure management committee (emc), which is comprised of certain members of senior management, and nee's chief executive officer are responsible for the overall approval of market risk management policies and the delegation of approval and authorization levels. the emc and nee's chief executive officer receive periodic updates on market positions and related exposures, credit exposures and overall risk management activities.
nee uses a value-at-risk (var) model to measure commodity price market risk in its trading and mark-to-market portfolios. the var is the estimated nominal loss of market value based on a one-day holding period at a 95% confidence level using historical simulation methodology. as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, the var figures are as follows:
average for the year ended december 31, 2015   $-                $1             $1                 $35                   $35                                       $24             $35            $35            $23
(a)   non-qualifying hedges are employed to reduce the market risk exposure to physical assets or contracts which are not marked to market. the var figures for the non-qualifying hedges and hedges in fpl cost recovery clauses category do not represent the economic exposure to commodity price movements.
interest rate risk nee's and fpl's financial results are exposed to risk resulting from changes in interest rates as a result of their respective issuances of debt, investments in special use funds and other investments. nee and fpl manage their respective interest rate exposure by monitoring current interest rates, entering into interest rate contracts and using a combination of fixed rate and variable rate debt. interest rate contracts are used to mitigate and adjust interest rate exposure when deemed appropriate based upon market conditions or when required by financing agreements.
the following are estimates of the fair value of nee's and fpl's financial instruments that are exposed to interest rate risk:
carryingamount             estimatedfair value             carryingamount             estimatedfair value
fixed income securities:
other investments:
debt securities                                          $124                          $124            (a)          $124                          $124            (a)
long-term debt, including current maturities          $28,897                       $30,412            (c)       $27,876                       $30,337            (c)
fixed income securities - special use funds            $1,378                        $1,378            (a)        $1,568                        $1,568            (a)
long-term debt, including current maturities          $10,020                       $11,028            (c)        $9,473                       $11,105            (c)
(a)   primarily estimated using quoted market prices for these or similar issues.
(b)   primarily estimated using a discounted cash flow valuation technique based on certain observable yield curves and indices considering the credit profile of the borrower.
(c)   estimated using either quoted market prices for the same or similar issues or discounted cash flow valuation technique, considering the current credit spread of the debtor.
(d)   modeled internally using discounted cash flow valuation technique and applying a credit valuation adjustment.
the special use funds of nee and fpl consist of restricted funds set aside to cover the cost of storm damage for fpl and for the decommissioning of nee's and fpl's nuclear power plants. a portion of these funds is invested in fixed income debt securities primarily carried at estimated fair value. at fpl, changes in fair value, including any otti losses, result in a corresponding adjustment to the related liability accounts based on current regulatory treatment. the changes in fair value of nee's non-rate regulated operations result in a corresponding adjustment to oci, except for impairments deemed to be other than temporary, including any credit losses, which are reported in current period earnings. because the funds set aside by fpl for storm damage could be needed at any time, the related investments are generally more liquid and, therefore, are less sensitive to changes in interest rates. the nuclear decommissioning funds, in contrast, are generally invested in longer-term securities, as decommissioning activities are not scheduled to begin until at least 2030 (2032 at fpl).
as of december 31, 2015, nee had interest rate contracts with a notional amount of approximately $8.3 billion related to long-term debt issuances, of which $2.2 billion are fair value hedges at neech that effectively convert fixed-rate debt to a variable-rate instrument. the remaining $6.1 billion of notional amount of interest rate contracts relate to cash flow hedges to manage exposure to the variability of cash flows associated with variable-rate debt instruments, which primarily relate to neer debt issuances. at december 31, 2015, the estimated fair value of nee's fair value hedges and cash flow hedges was approximately $(14) million and $(271) million, respectively. see note 3.
based upon a hypothetical 10% decrease in interest rates, which is a reasonable near-term market change, the net fair value of nee's net liabilities would increase by approximately $1,009 million ($506 million for fpl) at december 31, 2015.
equity price risk nee and fpl are exposed to risk resulting from changes in prices for equity securities. for example, nee's nuclear decommissioning reserve funds include marketable equity securities primarily carried at their market value of approximately $2,674 million and $2,634 million ($1,598 million and $1,561 million for fpl) at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. at december 31, 2015, a hypothetical 10% decrease in the prices quoted by stock exchanges, which is a reasonable near-term market change, would result in a $246 million ($146 million for fpl) reduction in fair value. for fpl, a corresponding adjustment would be made to the related liability accounts based on current regulatory treatment, and for nee's non-rate regulated operations, a corresponding adjustment would be made to oci to the extent the market value of the securities exceeded amortized cost and to otti loss to the extent the market value is below amortized cost.
credit risk nee and its subsidiaries are also exposed to credit risk through their energy marketing and trading operations. credit risk is the risk that a financial loss will be incurred if a counterparty to a transaction does not fulfill its financial obligation. nee manages counterparty credit risk for its subsidiaries with energy marketing and trading operations through established policies, including counterparty credit limits, and in some cases credit enhancements, such as cash prepayments, letters of credit, cash and other collateral and guarantees.
credit risk is also managed through the use of master netting agreements. nee's credit department monitors current and forward credit exposure to counterparties and their affiliates, both on an individual and an aggregate basis. for all derivative and contractual transactions, nee's energy marketing and trading operations, which include fpl's energy marketing and trading division, are exposed to losses in the event of nonperformance by counterparties to these transactions. some relevant considerations when assessing nee's energy marketing and trading operations' credit risk exposure include the following:
•   trade receivables and other financial instruments are predominately with energy, utility and financial services related companies, as well as municipalities, cooperatives and other trading companies in the u.s.
•   overall credit risk is managed through established credit policies and is overseen by the emc.
•   prospective and existing customers are reviewed for creditworthiness based upon established standards, with customers not meeting minimum standards providing various credit enhancements or secured payment terms, such as letters of credit or the posting of margin cash collateral.
•   master netting agreements are used to offset cash and non-cash gains and losses arising from derivative instruments with the same counterparty. nee's policy is to have master netting agreements in place with significant counterparties.
based on nee's policies and risk exposures related to credit, nee and fpl do not anticipate a material adverse effect on their financial statements as a result of counterparty nonperformance. as of december 31, 2015, approximately 94% of nee's and 100% of fpl's energy marketing and trading counterparty credit risk exposure is associated with companies that have investment grade credit ratings.