item 1a.    risk factors our investors should consider the following risks that could affect us and our business. although we have tried to identify key factors, our investors need to be aware that other risks may prove to be important in the future. new risks may emerge at any time, and we cannot predict such risks or estimate the extent to which they may affect our financial performance. risks related to oneok partners' business discussed below will also affect us indirectly as we are the sole general partner and, as of december 31, 2015, owned 41.2 percent of oneok partners. investors should carefully consider the following discussion of risks and the other information included or incorporated by reference in this annual report, including "forward-looking statements," which are included in item 7, management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
our partnership interest in oneok partners is our primary cash-generating source. therefore, our cash flow is heavily dependent upon the ability of oneok partners to make cash distributions to its partners. a significant decline in oneok partners' earnings and/or cash distributions could have a corresponding negative impact on us. for information on the risk factors inherent in the business of oneok partners, see the section below entitled "additional risk factors related to oneok partners' business" and item 1a, risk factors in the oneok partners' annual report.
our indebtedness could impair our financial condition and our ability to fulfill our obligations.
as of december 31, 2015, we had total indebtedness of approximately $1.6 billion, which excludes the debt of oneok partners. our indebtedness could have significant consequences. for example, it could:
•   make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our senior notes and our other indebtedness due to the increased debt-service obligations, which could, in turn, result in an event of default on such other indebtedness or our senior notes;
•   impair our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or general business purposes;
•   diminish our ability to withstand a downturn in our business or the economy;
•   require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to debt-service payments, reducing the availability of cash for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, dividends or general corporate purposes;
•   limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which oneok partners operates; and
•   place us at a competitive disadvantage compared with our competitors that have proportionately less debt.
we are not prohibited under the indentures governing our senior notes from incurring additional indebtedness, but our debt agreements do subject us to certain operational limitations summarized in the next paragraph. if we incur significant additional indebtedness, it could worsen the negative consequences mentioned above and could affect adversely our ability to repay our other indebtedness.
our revolving debt agreements with banks contain provisions that restrict our ability to finance future operations or capital needs or to expand or pursue our business activities. for example, certain of these agreements contain provisions that, among other things, limit our ability to make loans or investments, make material changes to the nature of our business, merge, consolidate or engage in asset sales, grant liens or make negative pledges. certain agreements also require us to maintain certain financial ratios, which limit the amount of additional indebtedness we can incur, as described in the "liquidity and capital resources" section of item 7, management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operation. these restrictions could result in higher costs of borrowing and impair our ability to generate additional cash. future financing agreements we may enter into may contain similar or more restrictive covenants.
if we are unable to meet our debt-service obligations, we could be forced to restructure or refinance our indebtedness, seek additional equity capital or sell assets. we may be unable to obtain financing or sell assets on satisfactory terms, or at all.
federal, state and local jurisdictions may challenge our tax return positions.
the positions taken in our federal and state tax return filings require significant judgments, use of estimates and the interpretation and application of complex tax laws. significant judgment is also required in assessing the timing and amounts of deductible and taxable items. despite management's belief that our tax return positions are fully supportable, certain positions may be successfully challenged by federal, state and local jurisdictions.
the separation of one gas could result in substantial tax liability.
we have received a private letter ruling from the irs substantially to the effect that, for u.s. federal income tax purposes, the separation and certain related transactions qualify under sections 355 and/or 368 of the u.s. internal revenue code of 1986, as amended. if the factual assumptions or representations made in the request for the private letter ruling prove to have been inaccurate or incomplete in any material respect, then we will not be able to rely on the ruling. furthermore, the irs does not rule on whether a distribution such as the separation satisfies certain requirements necessary to obtain tax-free treatment under section 355 of the code. the private letter ruling was based on representations by us that those requirements were satisfied, and any inaccuracy in those representations could invalidate the ruling. in connection with the separation, we obtained an opinion of outside legal and tax counsel, substantially to the effect that, for u.s. federal income tax purposes, the separation and certain related transactions qualify under sections 355 and 368 of the code. the opinion relies on, among other things, the continuing validity of the private letter ruling and various assumptions and representations as to factual matters made by us which, if inaccurate or incomplete in any material respect, would jeopardize the conclusions reached by such counsel in its opinion. the opinion will not be binding on the irs or the courts, and there can be no assurance that the irs or the courts would not challenge the conclusions stated in the opinion or that any such challenge would not prevail.
we are a holding company, and our subsidiaries conduct all of our operations and own all of our operating assets. we do not have significant assets other than our interests in oneok partners and the equity in our subsidiaries. as a result, our ability to pay dividends to our shareholders and to service our debt depends on the performance of our subsidiaries and their ability to distribute funds to us. the ability of our subsidiaries to make distributions to us may be restricted by, among other things, partnership agreements, credit facilities, applicable state partnership laws and other laws and regulations. if we are unable to obtain funds from our subsidiaries, we may not be able to pay dividends to our shareholders or to pay interest or principal on our debt when due.
although we control oneok partners, we may have conflicts of interest with oneok partners that could subject us to claims that we have breached our fiduciary duty to oneok partners and its unitholders.
we are the sole general partner and owned 41.2 percent of oneok partners as of december 31, 2015. conflicts of interest may arise between us and oneok partners and its unitholders in resolving these conflicts, we may favor our own interests and the interests of our affiliates over the interests of oneok partners and its unitholders as long as the resolution does not conflict with the partnership agreement or our fiduciary duties to oneok partners and its unitholders.
if we are not fully reimbursed or indemnified for obligations and liabilities we incur in managing the business and affairs of oneok partners, the value of our shares could decline.
in our capacity as the general partner of oneok partners, we may make expenditures on oneok partners' behalf for which we will seek reimbursement from oneok partners. in addition, under delaware partnership law, we have, in our capacity as oneok partners' general partner, unlimited liability for the obligations of oneok partners, such as oneok partners' debts and environmental liabilities, except for those contractual obligations of oneok partners that are expressly made without recourse to the general partner and as limited by the partnership agreement. to the extent we incur obligations on behalf of oneok partners, we are entitled to be reimbursed or indemnified by oneok partners. if oneok partners is unable or unwilling to reimburse or indemnify us, we may be unable to satisfy these liabilities or obligations, which would likely reduce the value of our shares.
oneok partners' unitholders have the right to remove us as their general partner with the approval of the holders of 66 2/3 percent of all units, excluding the units held by us, which would cause us to lose our general partner interest and incentive distribution rights in oks and the ability to manage them.
we currently manage oneok partners through our ownership of its general partner interest. the partnership agreement gives common unitholders of oneok partners the right to remove the general partner of oneok partners upon the affirmative vote
of holders of 66 2/3 percent of oneok partners' outstanding units, excluding the units held by the general partner and its affiliates. if we were removed as general partner of oneok partners, we would receive cash or common units in exchange for our 2.0 percent general partner interest and incentive distribution rights, and our class b units would have the right to share in partnership quarterly cash distributions based on 123.5 percent of the amount of any partnership cash distribution, but we would lose the ability to manage oneok partners. although the common units or cash we would receive are intended under the terms of the partnership agreement to fully compensate us in the event such an exchange is required, the value of these common units or investments we make with the cash over time may not be equivalent to the value of the general partner interest and the incentive distribution rights had we retained them.
a reduction in oneok partners' cash distributions would disproportionately affect the amount of cash distributions to which we are entitled.
through our ownership of the incentive distribution rights in oneok partners, we are entitled to receive our pro rata share of specified percentages of total cash distributions made by oneok partners as it reaches established target cash distribution levels as specified in the the partnership agreement. we currently receive a portion of our pro rata share of cash distributions from oneok partners based on the highest incremental percentage, 50 percent, to which we are entitled pursuant to our incentive distribution rights in oneok partners. as a result, any reduction in quarterly cash distributions from oneok partners would have the effect of disproportionately reducing the amount of all cash distributions that we receive from oneok partners based on our ownership interest in the incentive distribution rights in oneok partners as compared to cash distributions we receive on our general partner interest in oneok partners and our oneok partners common units.
cash distributions on our incentive distribution rights in oneok partners are more uncertain than cash distributions on the common and class b units we hold.
our ownership of the incentive distribution rights in oneok partners entitles us to receive our pro rata share of specified percentages of total cash distributions made by oneok partners with respect to any particular quarter only in the event that oneok partners distributes more than $0.3025 per unit for such quarter. as a result, the holders of oneok partners' common and class b units have a priority over the holders of oneok partners' incentive distribution rights to the extent of cash distributions by oneok partners up to and including $0.3025 per unit for any quarter. this priority results in greater certainty of common unitholders and class b unitholders receiving distributions, when compared to holders of incentive distribution rights.
oneok partners may issue additional units, which may increase the risk that oneok partners will not have sufficient available cash to maintain or increase its per unit cash distribution level.
oneok partners may issue additional units, including units that rank senior to the oneok partners' common units, class b units and the incentive distribution rights as to quarterly cash distributions. the payment of cash distributions on those additional units may increase the risk that oneok partners may not have sufficient cash available to maintain or increase its per unit distribution level, which in turn may impact the available cash that we receive from oneok partners to pay dividends. to the extent these units are senior to the common units, class b units or the incentive distribution rights, there is an increased risk that we will not receive the same level or increased cash distributions on the common units, class b units and incentive distribution rights we own. neither the common units, class b units nor the incentive distribution rights are entitled to any arrearages from prior quarters.
our ability to sell our partnership interests in oneok partners may be limited by securities law restrictions and liquidity constraints.
all of the approximately 41.3 million common units and approximately 73.0 million class b units of oneok partners that we own are either unregistered, restricted or control securities or registered control securities within the meaning of rule 144 under the securities act, and thus cannot be sold by us without registration or an applicable exemption from registration. pursuant to the terms of the partnership agreement, we only have registration rights with respect to such oneok partners common units and class b units if rule 144 of the securities act (or any successor rule or regulation to rule 144) or another exemption from registration is not available to enable us to dispose of such oneok partners common units or class b units at the time we desire to do so without registration under the securities act. due to the foregoing limitation, we are primarily limited to sales pursuant to rule 144, which limits selling into the market in any three-month period to an amount of oneok partners' common and/or class b units that does not exceed the greater of 1 percent of the total number of oneok partners' common units outstanding or the average weekly reported trading volume of oneok partners' common units for the four calendar weeks prior to the sale. in addition, we face contractual limitations on our ability to sell our general partner interest and incentive distribution rights, and the market for such interests is illiquid.
we may not have sufficient cash each quarter to pay dividends or maintain current or expected levels of dividends. the actual amount of cash we pay in the form of dividends may fluctuate from quarter to quarter and will depend on various factors, some of which are beyond our control, including the amount of cash that oneok partners distributes to us, our working capital needs, our ability to borrow, the restrictions contained in our indentures and credit facility, our debt service requirements and the cost of acquisitions, if any. a failure either to pay dividends or to pay dividends at expected levels could result in a loss of investor confidence, reputational damage and a decrease in the value of our stock price.
the cost of providing pension and postretirement health care benefits to eligible employees and qualified retirees is subject to changes in pension fund values and changing demographics and may increase.
we have a defined benefit pension plan for certain employees and postretirement welfare plans that provide postretirement medical and life insurance benefits to certain employees who retire with at least five years of service. the cost of providing these benefits to eligible current and former employees is subject to changes in the market value of our pension and postretirement benefit plan assets, changing demographics, including longer life expectancy of plan participants and their beneficiaries and changes in health care costs. for further discussion of our defined benefit pension plan, see note n of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this annual report.
any sustained declines in equity markets and reductions in bond yields may have a material adverse effect on the value of our pension and postretirement benefit plan assets. in these circumstances, additional cash contributions to our pension plans may be required, which could aversely impact our business, financial condition and liquidity.
risk factors inherent in both oneok and oneok partners market volatility and capital availability could affect adversely our business.
the capital and global credit markets have experienced volatility and disruption in the past. in many cases during these periods, the capital markets have exerted downward pressure on equity values and reduced the credit capacity for certain companies. much of oneok partners' business is capital intensive, and its ability to grow is dependent, in part, upon our and oneok partners' ability to access capital at rates and on terms we determine to be attractive. similar or more severe levels of global market disruption and volatility may have an adverse effect on us or oneok partners resulting from, but not limited to, disruption of access to capital and credit markets, difficulty in obtaining financing necessary to expand facilities or acquire assets, increased financing costs and increasingly restrictive covenants. if we or oneok partners' are unable to access capital at competitive rates, oneok partners' strategy of enhancing the earnings potential of its existing assets, including through capital-growth projects and acquisitions of complementary assets or businesses, may be affected adversely. a number of factors could affect adversely our and oneok partners' ability to access capital, including: (i) general economic conditions; (ii) capital market conditions; (iii) market prices for natural gas, ngls and other hydrocarbons; (iv) the overall health of the energy and related industries; (v) ability to maintain investment-grade credit ratings; (vi) unit price and (vii) capital structure. if our and oneok partners' ability to access capital becomes constrained significantly, our and oneok partners' interest costs and cost of equity will likely increase and could affect adversely our financial condition and future results of operations.
our operating results may be affected materially and adversely by unfavorable economic and market conditions.
economic conditions worldwide have from time to time contributed to slowdowns in the oil and natural gas industry, as well as in the specific segments and markets in which oneok partners operates, resulting in reduced demand and increased price competition for its products and services. oneok partners' operating results in one or more geographic regions may also be affected by uncertain or changing economic conditions within that region. volatility in commodity prices may have an impact on many of oneok partners' customers, which, in turn, could have a negative impact on their ability to meet their obligations to oneok partners. if global economic and market conditions (including volatility in commodity markets) or economic conditions in the united states or other key markets remain uncertain or persist, spread or deteriorate further, we and oneok partners may experience material impacts on our businesses, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity.
terrorist attacks directed at our or oneok partners' facilities could affect adversely our business.
the united states government has issued warnings that energy assets, specifically the nation's pipeline infrastructure, may be future targets of terrorist organizations. these developments may subject oneok partners' operations to increased risks. any
future terrorist attack that targets oneok partners' facilities, those of its customers and, in some cases, those of other pipelines, or our facilities could have a material adverse effect on our business.
our businesses are subject to market and credit risks.
we and oneok partners are exposed to market and credit risks in all of our operations. to reduce the impact of commodity price fluctuations, oneok partners uses derivative transactions, such as swaps, futures and forwards, to hedge anticipated purchases and sales of natural gas, ngls and crude oil and firm transportation commitments. interest-rate swaps are also used to manage interest-rate risk. however, derivative instruments do not eliminate the risks. specifically, such risks include commodity price changes, market supply shortages, interest-rate changes and counterparty default. the impact of these variables could result in our and oneok partners' inability to fulfill contractual obligations, significantly higher energy or fuel costs relative to corresponding sales contracts, or increased interest expense.
we or oneok partners may not be able to make additional strategic acquisitions or investments.
our and oneok partners' ability to make strategic acquisitions and investments will depend on:
•   the extent to which acquisitions and investment opportunities become available;
•   success in bidding for the opportunities that do become available;
•   regulatory approval, if required, of the acquisitions or investments on favorable terms; and
•   access to capital, including the ability to use our or equity in acquisitions or investments, and the terms upon which we obtain capital.
if we or oneok partners are unable to make strategic investments and acquisitions, we or oneok partners may be unable to grow.
acquisitions that appear to be accretive may nevertheless reduce our cash from operations on a per-share basis.
any acquisition involves potential risks that may include, among other things:
•   an inability to integrate successfully the businesses we acquire;
•   decrease in our liquidity as a result of our using a significant portion of our available cash or borrowing capacity to finance the acquisition;
•   a significant increase in our interest expense and/or financial leverage if we incur additional debt to finance the acquisition;
•   the assumption of unknown liabilities for which we are not indemnified, our indemnity is inadequate or our insurance policies may exclude from coverage;
•   an inability to hire, train or retain qualified personnel to manage and operate the acquired business and assets;
•   limitations on rights to indemnity from the seller;
•   inaccurate assumptions about the overall costs of equity or debt;
if we or oneok partners consummate any future acquisitions, our capitalization and results of operations may change significantly, and investors will not have the opportunity to evaluate the economic, financial and other relevant information that we will consider in determining the application of our resources to future acquisitions.
we or oneok partners may engage in acquisitions, divestitures and other strategic transactions, the success of which may impact results of operations.
we or oneok partners may engage in acquisitions, divestitures and other strategic transactions. if we or oneok partners are unable to integrate successfully businesses that we acquire with our respective existing businesses, our results of operations may be affected materially and adversely. similarly, we or oneok partners may from time to time divest portions of our respective businesses, which may also affect materially and adversely our results of operations.
we have developed and implemented a comprehensive set of policies and procedures that involve both our senior management and the audit committee of our board of directors to assist us in managing risks associated with, among other things, the marketing, trading and risk-management activities associated with our business segments. our risk policies and procedures are intended to align strategies, processes, people, information technology and business knowledge so that risk is managed throughout the organization. as conditions change and become more complex, current risk measures may fail to adequately assess the relevant risk due to changes in the market and the presence of risks previously unknown to us. additionally, if employees fail to adhere to our policies and procedures or if our policies and procedures are not effective, potentially because of future conditions or risks outside of our control, we may be exposed to greater risk than we had intended. ineffective risk-management policies and procedures or violation of risk-management policies and procedures could have an adverse affect on our earnings, financial position or cash flows.
we and oneok partners utilize financial instruments to mitigate our exposure to interest-rate fluctuations. hedging instruments that are used to reduce our exposure to interest-rate fluctuations could expose us to risk of financial loss, including where we have contracted for variable-rate swap instruments to hedge fixed-rate instruments and the variable rate exceeds the fixed rate. in addition, these hedging arrangements may limit the benefit we would otherwise receive if we had contracted for fixed-rate swap agreements to hedge variable-rate instruments and the variable rate falls below the fixed rate.
an impairment of goodwill, long-lived assets, including intangible assets, and equity-method investments could reduce our earnings.
goodwill is recorded when the purchase price of a business exceeds the fair market value of the tangible and separately measurable intangible net assets. gaap requires us to test goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives for impairment on an annual basis or when events or circumstances occur indicating that goodwill might be impaired. long-lived assets, including intangible assets with finite useful lives, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. for the investments oneok partners accounts for under the equity method, the impairment test considers whether the fair value of the equity investment as a whole, not the underlying net assets, has declined and whether that decline is other than temporary. for example, if the current energy commodity price environment persists for a prolonged period or further declines, it could result in lower volumes delivered to oneok partners' systems and impairments of oneok partners' assets or equity-method investments. if we determine that an impairment is indicated, we would be required to take an immediate noncash charge to earnings with a correlative effect on our equity and balance sheet leverage as measured by consolidated debt to total capitalization.
a breach of information security, including a cybersecurity attack, or failure in of one or more key information technology or operational systems, or those of third parties, may affect adversely our operations, financial results or reputation.
our businesses are dependent upon our operational systems to process a large amount of data and complex transactions. the various uses of these it systems, networks and services include, but are not limited to:
•   controlling oneok partners' plants and pipelines with industrial control systems including supervisory control and data acquisition (scada);
•   complying with regulatory, legal or tax requirements;
•   providing data security; and
if any of our systems are damaged, fail to function properly or otherwise become unavailable, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them and may experience loss or corruption of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to perform critical functions, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. our financial results could also be affected adversely if an employee causes our operational systems to fail, either as a result of inadvertent error or by deliberately tampering with or manipulating our operational systems. in addition, dependence upon automated systems may
due to increased technology advances, we have become more reliant on technology to help increase efficiency in our businesses. we use computer programs to help run our financial and operations organizations, and this may subject our business to increased risks. in recent years, there has been a rise in the number of cyberattacks on companies' network and information systems by both state-sponsored and criminal organizations, and as a result, the risks associated with such an event continue to increase. a significant failure, compromise, breach or interruption in our systems could result in a disruption of our operations, customer dissatisfaction, damage to our reputation and a loss of customers or revenues. if any such failure, interruption or similar event results in the improper disclosure of information maintained in our information systems and networks or those of our vendors, including personnel, customer and vendor information, we could also be subject to liability under relevant contractual obligations and laws and regulations protecting personal data and privacy. efforts by us and our vendors to develop, implement and maintain security measures may not be successful in preventing these events from occurring, and any network and information systems-related events could require us to expend significant resources to remedy such event. although we believe that we have robust information security procedures and other safeguards in place, as cyberthreats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend additional resources to continue to enhance our information security measures and/or to investigate and remediate information security vulnerabilities.
cyberattacks against us or others in our industry could result in additional regulations. current efforts by the federal government, such as the improving critical infrastructure cybersecurity executive order, and any potential future regulations could lead to increased regulatory compliance costs, insurance coverage cost or capital expenditures. we cannot predict the potential impact to our business or the energy industry resulting from additional regulations.
if we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to report accurately our financial results or prevent fraud. as a result, current and potential holders of our equity and debt securities could lose confidence in our financial reporting, which would harm our business and cost of capital.
effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports, prevent fraud and operate successfully as a public company. we cannot be certain that our efforts to maintain our internal controls will be successful, that we will be able to maintain adequate controls over our financial processes and reporting in the future or that we will be able to continue to comply with our obligations under section 404 of the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002. any failure to maintain effective internal controls, or difficulties encountered in implementing or improving our internal controls, could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. ineffective internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which would likely have a negative effect on the trading price of our equity interests.
we use both fixed- and variable-rate debt, and we are exposed to market risk due to the floating interest rates on our short-term borrowings. from time to time, we use interest-rate derivatives to hedge interest obligations on specific debt issuances, including anticipated debt issuances. these hedges may be ineffective, and our results of operations, cash flows and financial position could be affected adversely by significant fluctuations or increases or decreases in interest rates from current levels.
a shortage of skilled labor may make it difficult for us to maintain labor productivity and competitive costs, which could affect operations and cash flows available for distribution.
our operations require skilled and experienced workers with proficiency in multiple tasks. in recent years, a shortage of workers trained in various skills associated with the midstream energy business has caused us to conduct certain operations without full staff, thus hiring outside resources, which may decrease productivity and increase costs. this shortage of trained workers is the result of experienced workers reaching retirement age and increased competition for workers in certain areas, combined with the difficulty of attracting new workers to the midstream energy industry. this shortage of skilled labor could continue over an extended period. if the shortage of experienced labor continues or worsens, it could have an adverse impact on labor productivity and costs and our ability to expand production in the event there is an increase in the demand for our products and services, which could affect adversely our operations and cash flows available for distribution to oneok partners' unitholders and, in turn, to cash flows available for dividends to oneok shareholders.
additional risk factors related to oneok partners' business risks related to oneok partners' business discussed below will also affect us as we are the sole general partner and, as of december 31, 2015, owned 41.2 percent of oneok partners.
increased competition could have a significant adverse financial impact on oneok partners' business.
the natural gas and natural gas liquids industries are expected to remain highly competitive. the demand for natural gas and ngls is primarily a function of commodity prices, including prices for alternative energy sources, customer usage rates, weather, economic conditions and service costs. oneok partners' ability to compete also depends on a number of other factors, including competition from other companies for its existing customers; the efficiency, quality and reliability of the services it provides; and competition for throughput at its gathering systems, pipelines, processing plants, fractionators and storage facilities.
the volatility of natural gas, crude oil and ngl prices could affect adversely oneok partners' cash flows.
a significant portion of oneok partners' revenues are derived from the sale of commodities that are received as payment for natural gas gathering and processing services, for the transportation and storage of natural gas, and from the purchase and sale of ngls and ngl products. commodity prices have been volatile and are likely to continue to be so in the future. the prices oneok partners receives for its commodities are subject to wide fluctuations in response to a variety of factors beyond oneok partners' control, including, but not limited to, the following:
•   overall domestic and global economic conditions;
•   the availability and cost of third-party transportation, natural gas processing and fractionation capacity;
•   geopolitical conditions impacting supply and demand for natural gas, ngls and crude oil;
•   weather conditions;
•   the price and availability of alternative fuels;
•   speculation in the commodity futures markets;
•   the impact of new supplies, new pipelines, processing and fractionation facilities on location price differentials.
these external factors and the volatile nature of the energy markets make it difficult to reliably estimate future prices of commodities and the impact commodity price fluctuations have on oneok partners' customers and their need for its services. as commodity prices decline, oneok partners is paid less for its commodities, thereby reducing its cash flow. in addition, crude oil, natural gas and ngl production could also decline due to lower prices.
if the level of drilling and production in the mid-continent, rocky mountain, permian basin and gulf coast regions declines substantially near its assets, oneok partners' volumes and revenue could decline.
oneok partners' gathering and transportation pipeline systems are connected to, and dependent on the level of production from, natural gas and crude oil wells, from which production will naturally decline over time. as a result, its cash flows associated with these wells will also decline over time. in order to maintain or increase throughput levels on oneok partners' gathering and transportation pipeline systems and the asset utilization rates at its processing and fractionation plants, it must continually obtain new supplies. oneok partners' ability to maintain or expand its businesses depends largely on the level of drilling and production by third parties in the mid-continent, rocky mountain, permian basin and gulf coast regions. oneok partners' natural gas and ngl supply volumes may be impacted if producers curtail or redirect drilling and production activities. drilling and production are impacted by factors beyond oneok partners' control, including:
•   producers' access to capital;
•   producers' desire and ability to obtain necessary permits in a timely and economic manner;
•   capacity constraints on natural gas, crude oil and natural gas liquids infrastructure from the producing areas and oneok partners' facilities.
commodity prices have declined substantially and experienced significant volatility. drilling and production activity levels may vary across oneok partners' geographic areas; however, a prolonged period of low commodity prices may reduce drilling and production activities across all areas. if oneok partners' is not able to obtain new supplies to replace the natural decline in volumes from existing wells or because of competition, throughput on its gathering and transportation pipeline systems and the utilization rates of its processing and fractionation facilities would decline, which could have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows, and its ability to make cash distributions.
oneok partners is exposed to the credit risk of its customers or counterparties, and its credit risk management may not be adequate to protect against such risk.
oneok partners is subject to the risk of loss resulting from nonpayment and/or nonperformance by oneok partners' customers or counterparties. oneok partners' customers or counterparties may experience rapid deterioration of their financial condition as a result of changing market conditions, commodity prices or financial difficulties that could impact their creditworthiness or ability to pay oneok partners for its services. oneok partners assesses the creditworthiness of its customers or counterparties and obtains collateral or contractual terms as it deems appropriate. oneok partners cannot, however, predict to what extent its business may be impacted by deteriorating market or financial conditions, including possible declines in its customers' and counterparties' creditworthiness. the recent decline in commodity prices has negatively impacted the financial condition of certain customers and counterparties and further declines, a prolonged low commodity price environment, or continued volatility could impact their ability to meet their financial obligations to oneok partners. oneok partners' customers and counterparties may not perform or adhere to its existing or future contractual arrangements. to the extent oneok partners' customers and counterparties are in financial distress or commence bankruptcy proceedings, contracts with them may be subject to renegotiation or rejection under applicable provisions of the united states bankruptcy code. if oneok partners fails to assess adequately the creditworthiness of existing or future customers and counterparties, any material nonpayment or nonperformance by its customers and counterparties due to inability or unwillingness to perform or adhere to contractual arrangements could have a material adverse impact on oneok partners' business, results of operations, financial condition and ability to make cash distributions to its unitholders.
oneok partners' primary market areas are located in the mid-continent, rocky mountain, permian basin and gulf coast regions of the u.s. oneok partners' revenues are derived primarily from major integrated and independent exploration and production, pipeline, marketing and petrochemical companies. therefore oneok partners' customers and counterparties may be similarly affected by changes in economic, regulatory or other factors that may affect its overall credit risk.
some of oneok partners' nonregulated businesses have a higher level of risk than its regulated businesses.
some of oneok partners' nonregulated operations, which include its natural gas gathering and processing business and most of its natural gas liquids business, have a higher level of risk than its regulated operations, which include a portion of its natural gas pipelines business and a portion of its natural gas liquids business. oneok partners expects to continue investing in natural gas and natural gas liquids projects and other related projects, some or all of which may involve nonregulated businesses or assets. these projects could involve risks associated with operational factors, such as competition and dependence on certain suppliers and customers; and financial, economic and political factors, such as rapid and significant changes in commodity prices, the cost and availability of capital and counterparty risk, including the inability of a counterparty, customer or supplier to fulfill a contractual obligation.
measurement adjustments on oneok partners' pipeline system can be affected materially by changes in estimation, type of commodity and other factors.
natural gas and natural gas liquids measurement adjustments occur as part of the normal operating conditions associated with oneok partners' assets. the quantification and resolution of measurement adjustments are complicated by several factors including: (1) the significant number (i.e., thousands) of meters that oneok partners uses throughout its natural gas and natural gas liquids systems, primarily around its gathering and processing assets; (2) varying qualities of natural gas in the streams gathered and processed and the mixed nature of ngls gathered and fractionated through oneok partners' systems; and (3) variances in measurement that are inherent in metering technologies. each of these factors may contribute to measurement adjustments that can occur on oneok partners' systems, which could affect negatively its business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
many of oneok partners' pipeline and storage assets are designed as long-lived assets. over time the age of these assets could result in increased maintenance or remediation expenditures and an increased risk of product releases and associated
costs and liabilities. any significant increase in these expenditures, costs or liabilities could materially adversely affect oneok partners' results of operations, financial position or cash flows, as well as its ability to pay cash distributions.
oneok partners does not hedge fully against commodity price changes, seasonal price differentials, product price differentials or location price differentials. this could result in decreased revenues, increased costs and lower margins, adversely affecting its results of operations.
certain of oneok partners' businesses are exposed to market risk and the impact of market fluctuations of natural gas, ngls and crude oil prices. market risk refers to the risk of loss of cash flows and future earnings arising from adverse changes in commodity prices. oneok partners' primary commodity price exposures arise from:
•   the value of the ngls and natural gas it receives as a portion of its compensation for the natural gas gathering and processing services it provides;
•   the price differentials between the individual ngl products with respect to oneok partners' ngl transportation and fractionation agreements;
•   the location price differentials in the price of natural gas and ngls with respect to oneok partners' natural gas and ngl transportation businesses;
to manage the risk from market price fluctuations of natural gas, ngls and crude oil prices, oneok partners may use derivative instruments such as swaps, futures, forwards and options. however, it does not hedge fully against commodity price changes and, therefore, it retains some exposure to market risk. accordingly, any adverse changes to commodity prices could result in decreased revenue and increased costs.
oneok partners' use of financial instruments and physical forward transactions to hedge market-risk exposure to commodity price and interest-rate fluctuations may result in reduced income.
oneok partners utilizes financial instruments and physical forward transactions to mitigate its exposure to interest rate and commodity price fluctuations. hedging instruments that are used to reduce oneok partners' exposure to interest-rate fluctuations could expose it to risk of financial loss where it has contracted for variable-rate swap instruments to hedge fixed-rate instruments and the variable rate exceeds the fixed rate. in addition, these hedging arrangements may limit the benefit oneok partners would otherwise receive if it had contracted for fixed-rate swap agreements to hedge variable-rate instruments and the variable rate falls below the fixed rate. hedging arrangements that are used to reduce oneok partners' exposure to commodity price fluctuations limit the benefit it would otherwise receive if market prices for natural gas, crude oil and ngls exceed the stated price in the hedge instrument for these commodities.
oneok partners' may not be able to develop and execute growth projects and acquire new assets which could result in reduced cash distributions to its unitholders and to oneok.
oneok partners' primary business objectives are to generate cash flow sufficient to pay quarterly cash distributions to unitholders and to increase these distributions over time. oneok partners' ability to maintain and grow its distributions to unitholders, including oneok, depends on the growth of its existing businesses and strategic acquisitions. if oneok partners is unable to implement business development opportunities and finance such activities on economically acceptable terms, its future growth will be limited, which could impact adversely its and our results of operations and cash flows.
growing oneok partners' business by constructing new pipelines and plants or making modifications to its existing facilities subjects oneok partners to construction risk and supply risks should adequate natural gas or ngl supply be unavailable upon completion of the facilities.
one of the ways oneok partners may grow its businesses is through the construction of new pipelines and new gathering, processing, storage and fractionation facilities and through modifications to oneok partners' existing pipelines and existing gathering, processing, storage and fractionation facilities. the construction and modification of pipelines and gathering, processing, storage and fractionation facilities may face the following risks:
•   projects may require significant capital expenditures, which may exceed oneok partners' estimates, and involves numerous regulatory, environmental, political, legal and weather-related uncertainties;
•   oneok partners may be unable to obtain new rights of way to connect new natural gas or ngl supplies to its existing gathering or transportation pipelines;
•   if oneok partners undertakes these projects, it may not be able to complete them on schedule or at the budgeted cost;
•   oneok partners' revenues may not increase immediately upon the expenditure of funds on a particular project. for instance, if oneok partners builds a new pipeline, the construction will occur over an extended period of time, and it will not receive any material increases in revenues until after completion of the project;
•   oneok partners' may have only limited natural gas or ngl supply committed to these facilities prior to their construction;
•   oneok partners may construct facilities to capture anticipated future growth in production in a region in which anticipated production growth does not materialize;
•   oneok partners may rely on estimates of proved reserves in its decision to construct new pipelines and facilities, which may prove to be inaccurate because there are numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating quantities of proved reserves; and
•   oneok partners may be required to rely on third parties downstream of its facilities to have available capacity for its delivered natural gas or ngls, which may not yet be operational.
as a result, new facilities may not be able to attract enough natural gas or ngls to achieve oneok partners' expected investment return, which could affect materially and adversely oneok partners' results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
if production from the western canada sedimentary basin remains flat or declines, and demand for natural gas from the western canada sedimentary basin is greater in market areas other than the midwestern united states, demand for oneok partners' interstate gas transportation services could decrease significantly.
oneok partners depends on a portion of natural gas supply from the western canada sedimentary basin for some of oneok partners' interstate pipelines, primarily viking gas transmission and oneok partners' investment in northern border pipeline, that transport canadian natural gas from the western canada sedimentary basin to the midwestern united states market area. if demand for natural gas increases in canada or other markets not served by oneok partners' interstate pipelines and/or production remains flat or declines, demand for transportation service on oneok partners' interstate natural gas pipelines could decrease significantly, which could impact adversely its and our results of operations and cash flows.
oneok partners may not be able to replace, extend or add additional customer contracts or contracted volumes on favorable terms, or at all, which could affect oneok partners' financial condition, the amount of cash available to pay distributions and its ability to grow.
although many of oneok partners' customers and suppliers are subject to long-term contracts, if it is unable to replace or extend such contracts, add additional customers or otherwise increase the contracted volumes of natural gas and ngls provided to it by current producers, in each case on favorable terms, if at all, oneok partners' financial condition, growth plans and the amount of cash available to pay distributions could be adversely affected. oneok partners' ability to replace, extend or add additional customer or supplier contracts, or increase contracted volumes of natural gas and ngls from current producers, on favorable terms, or at all, is subject to a number of factors, some of which are beyond oneok partners' control, including:
•   the level of existing and new competition in oneok partners' businesses or from alternative fuel sources, such as electricity, coal, fuel oils or nuclear energy;
•   natural gas and ngl prices, demand, availability; and
mergers between oneok partners' customers and competitors could result in lower volumes being gathered, processed, fractionated, transported or stored on its assets, thereby reducing the amount of cash it generates.
mergers between oneok partners' existing customers and its competitors could provide strong economic incentives for the combined entities to utilize their existing gathering, processing, fractionation and/or transportation systems instead of oneok partners' in those markets where the systems compete. as a result, oneok partners could lose some or all of the volumes and associated revenues from these customers, and it could experience difficulty in replacing those lost volumes and revenues. because most of oneok partners' operating costs are fixed, a reduction in volumes could result not only in less revenue but also in a decline in cash flow, which would reduce its ability to pay cash distributions to its unitholders.
oneok partners is subject to strict regulations at many of its facilities regarding employee safety, and failure to comply with these regulations could affect adversely oneok partners' business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
the workplaces associated with oneok partners' facilities are subject to the requirements of osha and comparable state statutes that regulate the protection of the health and safety of workers. the failure to comply with osha requirements or general industry standards, including keeping adequate records or occupational exposure to regulated substances could expose it to civil or criminal liability, enforcement actions, and regulatory fines and penalties and could have a material adverse effect on oneok partners' business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
oneok partners' operations are subject to operational hazards and unforeseen interruptions that could affect materially and adversely oneok partners' business and for which neither we nor oneok partners may be insured adequately.
oneok partners' operations are subject to all of the risks and hazards typically associated with the operation of natural gas and natural gas liquids gathering, transportation and distribution pipelines, storage facilities and processing and fractionation plants. operating risks include but are not limited to leaks, pipeline ruptures, the breakdown or failure of equipment or processes, and the performance of pipeline facilities below expected levels of capacity and efficiency. other operational hazards and unforeseen interruptions include adverse weather conditions, accidents, explosions, fires, the collision of equipment with oneok partners' pipeline facilities (for example, this may occur if a third party were to perform excavation or construction work near oneok partners' facilities) and catastrophic events such as tornados, hurricanes, earthquakes, floods or other similar events beyond oneok partners' control. it is also possible that oneok partners' facilities could be direct targets or indirect casualties of an act of terrorism. a casualty occurrence might result in injury or loss of life, extensive property damage or environmental damage. liabilities incurred and interruptions to the operations of oneok partners' pipelines or other facilities caused by such an event could reduce revenues generated by oneok partners and increase expenses, thereby impairing our or oneok partners' ability to meet our respective obligations.  insurance proceeds may not be adequate to cover all liabilities or expenses incurred or revenues lost, and neither we nor oneok partners are fully insured against all risks inherent in our respective businesses.
as a result of market conditions, premiums and deductibles for certain insurance policies can increase substantially, and, in some instances, certain insurance may become unavailable or available only for reduced amounts of coverage. consequently, neither we nor oneok partners may be able to renew existing insurance policies or purchase other desirable insurance on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. if either we or oneok partners were to incur a significant liability for which either we or oneok partners was not insured fully, it could have a material adverse effect on our or oneok partners' financial position and results of operations. further, the proceeds of any such insurance may not be paid in a timely manner and may be insufficient if such an event were to occur.
oneok partners does not own all of the land on which its pipelines and facilities are located, and it leases certain facilities and equipment, which could disrupt its operations.
oneok partners does not own all of the land on which certain of its pipelines and facilities are located and are, therefore, subject to the risk of increased costs to maintain necessary land use. oneok partners obtains the rights to construct and operate certain of its pipelines and related facilities on land owned by third parties and governmental agencies for a specific period of time. loss of these rights, through its inability to renew right-of-way contracts on acceptable terms or increased costs to renew such rights, could have a material adverse effect on oneok partners' financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
pipeline safety laws and regulations may impose significant costs and liabilities.
new pipeline safety legislation that was signed into law in 2012, the pipeline safety, regulatory certainty, and job creation act of 2011 ("2011 pipeline safety act"), directed the secretary of transportation to promulgate new safety regulations for natural gas and hazardous liquids pipelines, including expanded integrity management requirements, automatic or remote-controlled valve use, excess flow valve use, leak detection system installation, testing to confirm the material strength of certain pipelines and operator verification of records confirming the maximum allowable pressure of certain gas transmission pipelines. the 2011 pipeline safety act also increased the maximum penalty for violation of pipeline safety regulations from $100,000 to $200,000 per violation per day and also from $1 million to $2 million for a related series of violations. these regulations could cause oneok partners to incur capital and operating expenditures for pipeline replacements or repairs, additional monitoring equipment or more frequent inspections or testing of its pipeline facilities, preventive or mitigating measures and other tasks that could result in higher operating costs or capital expenditures.
oneok partners is subject to comprehensive energy regulation by governmental agencies, and the recovery of its costs are dependent on regulatory action.
federal, state and local agencies have jurisdiction over many of oneok partners' activities, including regulation by the ferc of its interstate pipeline assets. the profitability of oneok partners' regulated operations is dependent on its ability to pass through costs related to providing energy and other commodities to its customers by filing periodic rate cases. the regulatory environment applicable to oneok partners' regulated businesses could impair its ability to recover costs historically absorbed by its customers.
oneok partners is unable to predict the impact that the future regulatory activities of these agencies will have on its operating results. changes in regulations or the imposition of additional regulations could have an adverse impact on oneok partners' business, financial condition and results of operations.
shippers may protest oneok partners' pipeline tariff filings, and the ferc and/or state regulatory agencies may investigate tariff rates. further, the ferc may order refunds of amounts collected under newly filed rates that are determined by the ferc to be in excess of a just and reasonable level. in addition, shippers may challenge by complaint the lawfulness of tariff rates that have become final and effective. the ferc and/or state regulatory agencies also may investigate tariff rates absent shipper complaint. any finding that approved rates exceed a just and reasonable level on the natural gas pipelines would take effect prospectively. in a complaint proceeding challenging natural gas liquids pipeline rates, if the ferc determines existing rates exceed a just and reasonable level, it could require the payment of reparations to complaining shippers for up to two years prior to the complaint. any such action by the ferc or a comparable action by a state regulatory agency could affect adversely oneok partners' pipeline businesses' ability to charge rates that would cover future increases in costs, or even to continue to collect rates that cover current costs and provide for a reasonable return. we can provide no assurance that oneok partners' pipeline systems will be able to recover all of their costs through existing or future rates.
oneok partners' regulated pipeline companies have recorded certain assets that may not be recoverable from its customers.
accounting policies for ferc-regulated companies permit certain assets that result from the regulated rate-making process to be recorded on oneok partners' balance sheet that could not be recorded under gaap for nonregulated entities. oneok partners considers factors such as regulatory changes and the impact of competition to determine the probability of future recovery of these assets. if oneok partners determines future recovery is no longer probable, oneok partners would be required to write off the regulatory assets at that time.
compliance with environmental regulations that oneok partners is subject to may be difficult and costly.
oneok partners is subject to multiple environmental laws and regulations affecting many aspects of present and future operations, including air emissions, water quality, wastewater discharges, solid and hazardous wastes, and hazardous material and substance management. these laws and regulations require oneok partners to obtain and comply with a wide variety of environmental registrations, licenses, permits, inspections and other approvals. failure to comply with these laws, regulations, permits and licenses may expose oneok partners to fines, penalties and/or interruptions in its operations that could be material to its results of operations. if a leak or spill of hazardous substance occurs from oneok partners' pipelines, gathering lines or facilities in the process of transporting natural gas or ngls or at any facility that oneok partners owns, operates or otherwise uses, oneok partners could be held jointly and severally liable for all resulting liabilities, including investigation and clean-up costs, which could affect materially its results of operations and cash flows. in addition, emission controls required under the federal clean air act and other similar federal and state laws could require unexpected capital expenditures at oneok partners' facilities. oneok partners cannot assure that existing environmental regulations will not be revised or that new regulations will not be adopted or become applicable to it. revised or additional regulations that result in increased compliance costs or additional operating restrictions, particularly if those costs are not fully recoverable from customers, could have a material adverse effect on oneok partners' business, financial condition and results of operations.
oneok partners' operations are subject to federal and state laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment, which may expose it to significant costs and liabilities.
the risk of incurring substantial environmental costs and liabilities is inherent in oneok partners' business. oneok partners' operations are subject to extensive federal, state and local laws and regulations governing the discharge of materials into, or otherwise relating to the protection of, the environment. examples of these laws include:
•   the clean water act and analogous state laws that regulate discharge of waste water from oneok partners' facilities to state and federal waters;
•   the federal resource conservation and recovery act and analogous state laws that impose requirements for the handling and discharge of solid and hazardous waste from oneok partners' facilities.
various federal and state governmental authorities, including the epa, have the power to enforce compliance with these laws and regulations and the permits issued under them. violators are subject to administrative, civil and criminal penalties, including civil fines, injunctions or both. joint and several, strict liability may be incurred without regard to fault under the cercla, resource conservation and recovery act and analogous state laws for the remediation of contaminated areas.
there is an inherent risk of incurring environmental costs and liabilities in oneok partners' business due to its handling of the products it gathers, transports, processes and stores, air emissions related to its operations, past industry operations and waste disposal practices, some of which may be material. private parties, including the owners of properties through which oneok partners' pipeline systems pass, may have the right to pursue legal actions to enforce compliance as well as to seek damages for noncompliance with environmental laws and regulations or for personal injury or property damage arising from oneok partners' operations. some sites oneok partners operates are located near current or former third-party hydrocarbon storage and processing operations, and there is a risk that contamination has migrated from those sites to oneok partners' sites. in addition, increasingly strict laws, regulations and enforcement policies could increase significantly oneok partners' compliance costs and the cost of any remediation that may become necessary, some of which may be material. additional information is included under item 1, business under "regulatory, environmental and safety matters" and in note r of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this annual report.
oneok partners' insurance may not cover all environmental risks and costs or may not provide sufficient coverage in the event an environmental claim is made against oneok partners. oneok partners' business may be affected materially and adversely by increased costs due to stricter pollution-control requirements or liabilities resulting from noncompliance with required operating or other regulatory permits. new environmental regulations might also materially and adversely affect oneok partners' products and activities, and federal and state agencies could impose additional safety requirements, all of which could affect materially oneok partners' profitability.
oneok partners may face significant costs to comply with the regulation of ghg emissions.
ghg emissions originate primarily from combustion engine exhaust, heater exhaust and fugitive methane gas emissions. various federal and state legislative proposals have been introduced to regulate the emission of ghgs, particularly carbon dioxide and methane, and the united states supreme court has ruled that carbon dioxide is a pollutant subject to regulation by the epa. in addition, there have been international efforts seeking legally binding reductions in emissions of ghgs.
oneok partners believes it is likely that future governmental legislation and/or regulation may require it either to limit ghg emissions from its operations or to purchase allowances for such emissions that are actually attributable to its ngl customers. however, it cannot predict precisely what form these future regulations will take, the stringency of the regulations, or when they will become effective. several legislative bills have been introduced in the united states congress that would require carbon dioxide emission reductions. previously considered proposals have included, among other things, limitations on the amount of ghgs that can be emitted (so called "caps") together with systems of emissions allowances. these proposals could require oneok partners to reduce emissions, even though the technology is not currently available for efficient reduction, or to purchase allowances for such emissions. emissions also could be taxed independently of limits.
in addition to activities on the federal level, state and regional initiatives could also lead to the regulation of ghg emissions sooner and/or independent of federal regulation. these regulations could be more stringent than any federal legislation that is adopted.
future legislation and/or regulation designed to reduce ghg emissions could make some of its activities uneconomic to maintain or operate. further, oneok partners may not be able to pass on the higher costs to its customers or recover all costs related to complying with ghg regulatory requirements. its future results of operations, cash flows or financial condition could be adversely affected if such costs are not recovered through regulated rates or otherwise passed on to its customers.
oneok partners continues to monitor legislative and regulatory developments in this area. although the regulation of ghg emissions may have a material impact on its operations and rates, oneok partners believes it is premature to attempt to quantify the potential costs of the impacts.
oneok partners is subject to physical and financial risks associated with climate change.
there is a growing belief that emissions of ghgs may be linked to global climate change. climate change creates physical and financial risk. oneok partners' customers' energy needs vary with weather conditions, primarily temperature and humidity. for residential customers, heating and cooling represent their largest energy use. to the extent weather conditions may be affected by climate change, customers' energy use could increase or decrease depending on the duration and magnitude of any changes. increased energy use due to weather changes may require oneok partners to invest in more pipelines and other infrastructure to serve increased demand. a decrease in energy use due to weather changes may affect its financial condition through decreased revenues. extreme weather conditions in general require more system backup, adding to costs, and can contribute to increased system stresses, including service interruptions. weather conditions outside of oneok partners' operating territory could also have an impact on its revenues. severe weather impacts its operating territories primarily through hurricanes, thunderstorms, tornados and snow or ice storms. to the extent the frequency of extreme weather events increases, this could increase its cost of providing service. oneok partners may not be able to pass on the higher costs to its customers or recover all the costs related to mitigating these physical risks. to the extent financial markets view climate change and emissions of ghgs as a financial risk, this could affect negatively its ability to access capital markets or cause oneok partners to receive less favorable terms and conditions in future financings. its business could be affected by the potential for lawsuits against ghg emitters, based on links drawn between ghg emissions and climate change.
•   rates, operating terms and conditions of service;
•   the types of services oneok partners may offer it customers;
•   construction of new facilities;
•   the integrity, safety and security of facilities and operations;
•   acquisition, extension or abandonment of services or facilities;
•   relationships with affiliate companies involved in all aspects of the natural gas and energy businesses.
compliance with these requirements can be costly and burdensome. future changes to laws, regulations and policies in these areas may impair oneok partners' ability to compete for business or to recover costs and may increase the cost and burden of operations. oneok partners cannot guarantee that state or federal regulators will authorize any projects or acquisitions that it may propose in the future. moreover, oneok partners cannot guarantee that, if granted, any such authorizations will be made in a timely manner or will be free from potentially burdensome conditions.
failure to comply with all applicable state or federal statutes, rules and regulations and orders, could bring substantial penalties and fines. for example, under the energy policy act of 2005, the ferc has civil penalty authority under the natural gas act to impose penalties for current violations of up to $1 million per day for each violation.
finally, oneok partners cannot give any assurance regarding future state or federal regulations under which it will operate or the effect such regulations could have on its or our business, financial condition and results of operations and cash flows.
demand for natural gas and for certain of oneok partners' products and services is highly weather sensitive and seasonal.
the demand for natural gas and for certain of oneok partners' businesses' products, such as propane, is weather sensitive and seasonal, with a portion of revenues derived from sales for heating during the winter months. weather conditions influence directly the volume of, among other things, natural gas and propane delivered to customers. deviations in weather from normal levels and the seasonal nature of certain of oneok partners' businesses can create variations in earnings and short-term cash requirements.
in the competition for customers, oneok partners may have significant levels of uncontracted or discounted capacity on its natural gas and natural gas liquids pipelines, processing, fractionation and storage assets.
oneok partners' natural gas and natural gas liquids pipelines, processing, fractionation and storage assets compete with other pipelines, processing, fractionation and storage facilities for natural gas and ngl supplies delivered to the markets it serves. as a result of competition, at any given time oneok partners may have significant levels of uncontracted or discounted capacity on its pipelines, processing, fractionation and in its storage assets, which could have a material adverse impact on oneok partners' or our results of operations and cash flows.
any reduction in oneok partners' credit ratings could affect materially and adversely its business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations.
oneok partners' senior unsecured long-term debt and commercial paper program have been assigned an investment-grade rating of "baa2" (negative) and prime-2, respectively, by moody's and "bbb" (negative) and a-2, respectively, by s&p we cannot provide assurance that any of its current ratings will remain in effect for any given period of time or that a rating will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency if, in its judgment, circumstances in the future so warrant. specifically, if moody's or s&p were to downgrade oneok partners' long-term debt or commercial paper rating, particularly below investment grade, its borrowing costs would increase, which would affect adversely its financial results, and its potential pool of investors and funding sources could decrease. ratings from credit agencies are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold oneok partners' securities. each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating.
an event of default may require oneok partners to offer to repurchase certain of its senior notes or may impair its ability to access capital.
the indentures governing oneok partners' senior notes include an event of default upon the acceleration of other indebtedness of $100 million or more. such events of default would entitle the trustee or the holders of 25 percent in aggregate principal amount of oneok partners' outstanding senior notes to declare those senior notes immediately due and payable in full. oneok partners may not have sufficient cash on hand to repurchase and repay any accelerated senior notes, which may cause oneok partners to borrow money under its credit facilities or seek alternative financing sources to finance the repurchases and repayment. oneok partners could also face difficulties accessing capital or its borrowing costs could increase, impacting its ability to obtain financing for acquisitions or capital expenditures, to refinance indebtedness and to fulfill its debt obligations.
oneok partners' indebtedness could impair its financial condition and ability to fulfill its obligations.
as of december 31, 2015, oneok partners had total indebtedness of approximately $7.3 billion. its indebtedness could have significant consequences. for example, it could:
•   make it more difficult to satisfy its obligations with respect to its senior notes and other indebtedness, which could in turn result in an event of default on such other indebtedness or its senior notes;
•   impair its ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or general business purposes;
•   diminish its ability to withstand a downturn in its business or the economy;
•   require it to dedicate a substantial portion of its cash flow from operations to debt-service payments, thereby reducing the availability of cash for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, distributions to partners and general partnership purposes;
•   limit its flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in its business and the industry in which it operates; and
•   place it at a competitive disadvantage compared with its competitors that have proportionately less debt.
oneok partners is not prohibited under the indentures governing its senior notes from incurring additional indebtedness, but its debt agreements do subject it to certain operational limitations summarized in the next paragraph. oneok partners' incurrence of significant additional indebtedness would exacerbate the negative consequences mentioned above and could affect adversely its ability to repay its senior notes and other indebtedness.
oneok partners' debt agreements contain provisions that restrict its ability to finance future operations or capital needs or to expand or pursue its business activities. for example, certain of these agreements contain provisions that, among other things, limit its ability to make loans or investments, make material changes to the nature of its business, merge, consolidate or engage in asset sales, grant liens or make negative pledges. certain agreements also require it to maintain certain financial ratios, which limit the amount of additional indebtedness it can incur. for example, the oneok partners credit agreement contains a financial covenant requiring it to maintain a ratio of indebtedness to adjusted ebitda (ebitda, as defined in the oneok partners credit agreement, adjusted for all noncash charges and increased for projected ebitda from certain lender-approved capital expansion projects) of no more than 5.0 to 1. if oneok partners consummates one or more acquisitions in which the aggregate purchase price is $25 million or more, the allowable ratio of indebtedness to adjusted ebitda will increase to 5.5 to 1 for the quarter in which the acquisition was completed and the two following quarters.
these restrictions could result in higher costs of borrowing and impair oneok partners' ability to generate additional cash. future financing agreements oneok partners may enter into may contain similar or more restrictive covenants.
if oneok partners is unable to meet its debt-service obligations, it could be forced to restructure or refinance its indebtedness, seek additional equity capital or sell assets.  it may be unable to obtain financing, raise equity or sell assets on satisfactory terms, or at all.
borrowings under the oneok partners credit agreement and its senior notes are nonrecourse to oneok, and oneok does not guarantee the debt, commercial paper or other similar commitments of oneok partners.
oneok partners has adopted certain valuation methodologies that may result in a shift of income, gain, loss and deduction between the general partner and the unitholders. the irs may challenge this treatment, which could adversely affect the value of its limited partner units.
when oneok partners issues additional units or engages in certain other transactions, oneok partners determines the fair market value of its assets and allocates any unrealized gain or loss attributable to its assets to the capital accounts of its unitholders and its general partner. oneok partners' methodology may be viewed as understating the value of its assets. in that case, there may be a shift of income, gain, loss and deduction between certain unitholders and the general partner, which may be unfavorable to such unitholders. moreover, under oneok partners' current valuation methods, subsequent purchasers of common units may have a greater portion of their internal revenue code section 743(b) adjustment allocated to oneok partners' tangible assets and a lesser portion allocated to oneok partners' intangible assets. the irs may challenge oneok partners' valuation methods or oneok partners' allocation of the section 743(b) adjustment attributable to oneok partners' tangible and intangible assets, and allocations of income, gain, loss and deduction between the general partner and certain of oneok partners' unitholders.
a successful irs challenge to these methods or allocations could affect adversely the amount of taxable income or loss being allocated to oneok partners' unitholders. it also could affect the amount of gain from oneok partners unitholders' sale of common units and could have a negative impact on the value of the common units or result in audit adjustments to oneok partners unitholders' tax returns without the benefit of additional deductions.
oneok partners' treatment of a purchaser of common units as having the same tax benefits as the seller could be challenged, resulting in a reduction in value of the common units.
because oneok partners cannot match transferors and transferees of common units, oneok partners is required to maintain the uniformity of the economic and tax characteristics of these units in the hands of the purchasers and sellers of these units. oneok partners does so by adopting certain depreciation conventions that do not conform to all aspects of existing united states treasury regulations. a successful irs challenge to these conventions could affect adversely the tax benefits to a
unitholder of ownership of the common units and could have a negative impact on their value or result in audit adjustments to oneok partners unitholders' tax returns.
increased regulation of exploration and production activities, including hydraulic fracturing, could result in reductions or delays in drilling and completing new oil and natural gas wells, which could impact adversely oneok partners' revenues by decreasing the volumes of unprocessed natural gas and ngls transported on its or its joint ventures' natural gas and natural gas liquids pipelines.
the natural gas industry is relying increasingly on natural gas supplies from nonconventional sources, such as shale and tight sands. natural gas extracted from these sources frequently requires hydraulic fracturing, which involves the pressurized injection of water, sand, and chemicals into the geologic formation to stimulate natural gas production. recently, there have been initiatives at the federal and state levels to regulate or otherwise restrict the use of hydraulic fracturing or the disposal of waste water used in the hydraulic fracturing process, and several states have adopted regulations that impose more stringent permitting, disclosure and well-completion requirements on hydraulic fracturing operations. legislation or regulations placing restrictions on hydraulic fracturing activities, including waste-water disposal, could impose operational delays, increased operating costs and additional regulatory burdens on exploration and production operators, which could reduce their production of unprocessed natural gas and, in turn, adversely affect oneok partners' revenues and results of operations by decreasing the volumes of unprocessed natural gas and ngls gathered, treated, processed, fractionated and transported on oneok partners' or its joint ventures' natural gas and natural gas liquids pipelines, several of which gather unprocessed natural gas and ngls from areas where the use of hydraulic fracturing is prevalent.
the discovery of nonconventional natural gas production areas nearer to certain market areas that oneok partners serves may compete with natural gas originating in production areas connected to oneok partners' systems. for example, the marcellus shale in pennsylvania, new york, west virginia and ohio may cause natural gas in supply areas connected to oneok partners' systems to be diverted to markets other than its traditional market areas and may affect capacity utilization adversely on oneok partners' pipeline systems and oneok partners' ability to renew or replace existing contracts at rates sufficient to maintain current revenues and cash flows. in addition, supply volumes from these nonconventional natural gas production areas may compete with and displace volumes from the mid-continent, permian, rocky mountains and canadian supply sources in certain of oneok partners' markets. in the natural gas gathering and processing segment, the development of these new nonconventional reserves could move drilling rigs from oneok partners' current service areas to other areas, which may reduce demand for oneok partners' services. in the natural gas pipelines segment, the displacement of natural gas originating in supply areas connected to oneok partners' pipeline systems by these new supply sources that are closer to the end-use markets could result in lower transportation revenues, which could have a material adverse impact on oneok partners' business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
various applicable fraudulent conveyance laws have been enacted for the protection of creditors. a court may use fraudulent conveyance laws to subordinate or avoid the guarantee of certain of oneok partners' senior notes issued the intermediate partnership. it is also possible that under certain circumstances, a court could hold that the direct obligations of the intermediate partnership could be superior to the obligations under that guarantee.
a court could avoid or subordinate the intermediate partnership's guarantee of certain of oneok partners' senior notes in favor of the intermediate partnership's other debts or liabilities to the extent that the court determined either of the following were true at the time the intermediate partnership issued the guarantee:
•   the intermediate partnership incurred the guarantee with the intent to hinder, delay or defraud any of its present or future creditors or the intermediate partnership contemplated insolvency with a design to favor one or more creditors to the total or partial exclusion of others; or
•   the intermediate partnership did not receive fair consideration or reasonable equivalent value for issuing the guarantee and, at the time it issued the guarantee, the intermediate partnership:
-   was engaged or about to engage in a business or transaction for which its remaining assets constituted unreasonably small capital; or
- intended to incur, or believed that it would incur, debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they matured.
the measure of insolvency for purposes of the foregoing will vary depending upon the law of the relevant jurisdiction. generally, however, an entity would be considered insolvent for purposes of the foregoing if:
•   the sum of its debts, including contingent liabilities, were greater than the fair saleable value of all of its assets at a fair valuation;
•   the present fair saleable value of its assets was less than the amount that would be required to pay its probable liability on its existing debts, including contingent liabilities, as they become absolute and mature; or
•   it could not pay its debts as they become due.
among other things, a legal challenge of the intermediate partnership's guarantee of certain of oneok partners' senior notes on fraudulent conveyance grounds may focus on the benefits, if any, realized by the intermediate partnership as a result of oneok partners' issuance of such senior notes. to the extent the intermediate partnership's guarantee of certain of oneok partners' senior notes is avoided as a result of fraudulent conveyance or held unenforceable for any other reason, the holders of such senior notes would cease to have any claim in respect of the guarantee.
oneok partners may be unable to cause its joint ventures to take or not to take certain actions unless some or all of its joint-venture participants agree.
oneok partners participates in several joint ventures. due to the nature of some of these arrangements, each participant in these joint ventures has made substantial investments in the joint venture and, accordingly, has required that the relevant charter documents contain certain features designed to provide each participant with the opportunity to participate in the management of the joint venture and to protect its investment, as well as any other assets that may be substantially dependent on or otherwise affected by the activities of that joint venture. these participation and protective features customarily include a corporate governance structure that requires at least a majority-in-interest vote to authorize many basic activities and requires a greater voting interest (sometimes up to 100 percent) to authorize more significant activities. examples of these more significant activities are large expenditures or contractual commitments, the construction or acquisition of assets, borrowing money or otherwise raising capital, transactions with affiliates of a joint-venture participant, litigation and transactions not in the ordinary course of business, among others. thus, without the concurrence of joint-venture participants with enough voting interests, oneok partners may be unable to cause any of its joint ventures to take or not to take certain actions, even though those actions may be in the best interest of oneok partners or the particular joint venture.
moreover, any joint-venture owner generally may sell, transfer or otherwise modify its ownership interest in a joint venture, whether in a transaction involving third parties or the other joint-venture owners. any such transaction could result in oneok partners being required to partner with different or additional parties.
oneok partners' operating cash flow is derived partially from cash distributions it receives from its unconsolidated affiliates.
oneok partners' operating cash flow is derived partially from cash distributions it receives from its unconsolidated affiliates, as discussed in note p of the notes to consolidated financial statements. the amount of cash that oneok partners' unconsolidated affiliates can distribute principally depends upon the amount of cash flow these affiliates generate from their respective operations, which may fluctuate from quarter to quarter. oneok partners does not have any direct control over the cash distribution policies of its unconsolidated affiliates. this lack of control may contribute to oneok partners' not having sufficient available cash each quarter to continue paying distributions at its current levels.
additionally, the amount of cash that oneok partners has available for cash distribution depends primarily upon its cash flow, including cash flow from financial reserves and working capital borrowings, and is not solely a function of profitability, which will be affected by noncash items such as depreciation, amortization and provisions for asset impairments. as a result, oneok partners may be able to make cash distributions during periods when it records losses and may not be able to make cash distributions during periods when it records net income.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with item 1, business, our audited consolidated financial statements and the notes to consolidated financial statements in this annual report.
recent developments due to the separation of our former natural gas distribution business on january 31, 2014, the wind down of our former energy services business on march 31, 2014, and the subsequent reporting of such businesses as discontinued operations, income from continuing operations reflects the continuing operations of oneok partners and of oneok as its general partner. all references to income as used in management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations refer to income from continuing operations. please refer to the "financial results and operating information" and "liquidity and capital resources" sections of management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations and our consolidated financial statements and notes to consolidated financial statements in this annual report for additional information. oneok and its subsidiaries own all of the general partner interest and certain limited partner interests, which, together, represented a 41.2 percent ownership interest at december 31, 2015, in oneok partners, one of the largest publicly traded master limited partnerships.
due in part to the rapid growth in crude oil and natural gas production in the united states, the global supply of crude oil and natural gas exceeded demand and led to a dramatic fall in commodity prices beginning in the fourth quarter 2014. lower crude oil and natural gas prices persisted throughout 2015 and are expected to remain low in 2016. the production growth and decline in crude oil prices have also contributed to lower ngl product prices, as well as narrow ngl product price differentials.
wti crude oil prices declined to an average of approximately $50.00 per barrel in 2015, compared with prices averaging approximately $93.00 per barrel in 2014. nymex natural gas prices also declined to an average of approximately $2.60 per mmbtu in 2015, compared with prices averaging approximately $4.30 per mmbtu in 2014. opis conway propane prices averaged less than $0.41 per gallon in 2015, compared with prices averaging more than $1.10 per gallon in 2014.  at december 31, 2015, prices for wti crude oil, nymex natural gas and opis conway propane declined to approximately $35.00 per barrel, $2.30 per mmbtu and $0.33 per gallon, respectively, and remained weak into early 2016.
oneok partners has mitigated partially its exposure to the current commodity price environment by growing its fee-based business. oneok partners has a predominantly fee-based business in the natural gas liquids and natural gas pipelines segments and, historically to a lesser extent, in the natural gas gathering and processing segment. in 2015, however, the natural gas gathering and processing segment restructured many pop with fee contracts associated with a significant amount
of its gathered volumes to increase the fee-based component and will continue to seek opportunities to similarly restructure additional contracts in 2016. these restructured contracts favorably impacted oneok partners' 2015 results, and it expects to receive the full benefit of the improved earnings from these contracts in its 2016 financial results. in the fourth quarter 2015, the natural gas gathering and processing segment's fee revenues averaged $0.55 per mmbtu, compared with an average of $0.36 per mmbtu in 2014. as a result of these restructured contracts, we expect the natural gas gathering and processing segment's fee-based earnings to increase significantly to more than 75 percent in 2016 and oneok partners' consolidated fee-based earnings to increase to approximately 85 percent in 2016. to further mitigate the impact of lower commodity prices, oneok partners has hedged a significant portion of the natural gas gathering and processing segment's expected equity volumes for 2016 and 2017. the natural gas liquids and natural gas pipelines segments continue to provide primarily fee-based services, and many of the contracts in these segments include fixed fee, minimum volume or firm demand charge agreements that provide a minimum level of revenues regardless of commodity prices or volumetric throughput.
the current weakened commodity price environment, resulting from factors beyond our control, is creating challenges for oneok partners' crude oil and natural gas producer customers and resulted in decreased drilling activity in 2015, compared with 2014. in the williston basin, the number of rigs drilling on acreage dedicated to oneok partners decreased from approximately 80 rigs in january 2015 to approximately 30 rigs in december 2015. despite the sustained lower crude oil, natural gas and ngl prices and reduced capital spending by producers, we continue to expect demand for midstream services and infrastructure development to be driven by producers who need to connect production with end-use markets where current infrastructure is insufficient or nonexistent. oneok partners' natural gas and ngl volumes increased in 2015, particularly in the williston basin, as producers are focusing their drilling in the most productive areas and are using more efficient drilling and completion techniques. we expect this lower commodity price environment to continue in 2016, which will impact oneok partners' net realized prices for natural gas, ngls and condensate, as well as our financial results. if the low commodity price environment persists for a prolonged period or prices decline further, volumes across oneok partners' assets may grow more slowly than in the past or decline.
although drilling has slowed, many of oneok partners' customers continue to drill new wells in the most productive areas, and improvements in drilling and completion technology are resulting in higher volumes from the wells that are completed. these new technologies, such as multi-well pads and more efficient drilling rigs, are resulting in lower drilling and completion costs, which are mitigating partially the lower commodity prices for oneok partners' producer customers. in addition, new wells drilled using horizontal drilling technologies tend to produce volumes at higher initial production rates resulting generally in higher initial decline rates than conventional vertical wells; however, the decline rates flatten out over time. a significant portion of oneok partners' williston basin gathering and processing assets are in the most productive areas, which typically produce at higher initial production rates compared with other areas, have the highest natural gas content and have slower natural gas declines than crude oil. we expect oneok partners' natural gas gathered and processed volumes in the williston basin to continue to grow in 2016, despite expected reductions in producer drilling activity. the significant drilling activity in recent years in the williston basin has caused natural gas production to exceed the capacity of existing natural gas gathering and processing infrastructure, which results in the flaring of natural gas (the controlled burning of natural gas at the wellhead) by producers. we expect oneok partners to capture a substantial amount of natural gas currently being flared by producers due to an additional processing plant and compression projects that were placed in service in late 2015 and projects that are expected to be completed in 2016. additionally, we expect oneok partners to benefit from production from new wells on oneok partners' dedicated acreage in the williston basin that have been drilled previously but have not yet been completed or connected to its system by expanding its natural gas gathering and processing and natural gas liquids gathering infrastructure in the williston basin.
we expect ethane rejection to persist at current levels, which have exceeded 150 mbbl/d on oneok partners' natural gas liquids system during 2015, until ethylene producers increase their capacity to consume additional ethane feedstock volumes through plant modifications, plant expansions and the completion of announced new world-scale ethylene production projects, which are anticipated to begin coming on line in 2017. ethane rejection is expected to continue to have a significant impact on our and oneok partners' financial results into 2017.
beginning in june 2015, the natural gas gathering and processing segment reduced its level of ethane rejection in the williston basin to alleviate downstream ngl product specification issues, which offsets partially the financial impact of ethane rejection. we expect this decreased level of ethane rejection to continue throughout 2016. in addition, the natural gas liquids segment's integrated assets enable oneok partners to mitigate partially this impact through minimum volume commitments, contract modifications that vary fees for ethane and other ngl products, and oneok partners' ability to utilize the transportation capacity made available due to ethane rejection to capture additional ngl location price differentials, when they exist, in its optimization activities.
oneok partners' growth projects - in 2015, crude oil and natural gas producers continued to drill for crude oil and ngl-rich natural gas in many regions where oneok partners has operations, including in the bakken shale and three forks formations in the williston basin; in the cana-woodford shale, woodford shale, springer shale, stack and scoop areas in the mid-continent region; and in the permian basin. in response to this continued production of crude oil, natural gas and ngls, and higher demand for ngl products from the petrochemical industry, oneok partners has completed growth projects and acquisitions in these regions. in addition, oneok partners' current projects are expected to expand the natural gas gathering and processing and natural gas liquids gathering infrastructure in the williston basin to capture natural gas currently being flared by producers. through its roadrunner joint venture, oneok partners is constructing a pipeline to transport natural gas from the permian basin in west texas to the mexican border near el paso, texas. the roadrunner pipeline will connect with oneok partners' existing natural gas pipeline and storage infrastructure in texas and, together with oneok partners' westex intrastate natural gas transmission pipeline expansion project, is expected to create a platform for future opportunities to deliver natural gas supply to mexico. the execution of these capital investments aligns with oneok partners' strategy to generate consistent growth and sustainable earnings. oneok partners' contractual commitments from crude oil and natural gas producers, natural gas processors and electric generators are expected to provide incremental cash flows and long-term fee-based earnings.
while reduced crude oil and natural gas producer drilling activity is slowing supply growth, we expect oneok partners to complete its previously announced projects to meet crude oil and natural gas producers' demand for its gathering, processing, fractionation and transportation services. oneok partners has suspended capital expenditures for certain natural gas processing plants and related infrastructure to align with the needs of its customers. oneok partners could resume its suspended capital-growth projects when market conditions improve and customers' needs change. in 2016, we expect lower capital spending for oneok partners, compared with spending levels from 2013 through 2015, due to the current commodity price environment and oneok partners' alignment of capital-growth projects with the needs of its customers. if the current commodity price environment persists for a prolonged period, it may further impact the timing or demand for additional infrastructure projects or growth opportunities in the future.
westex transmission pipeline expansion - in july 2015, oneok partners announced plans to invest $70 million to $100 million to expand its westex intrastate natural gas pipeline system in the permian basin in the natural gas pipelines segment. westex, which had qualifying open season bids in excess of 500 mmcf/d, plans to utilize 240 mmcf/d of existing capacity and create additional capacity by expanding its system by 260 mmcf/d by the first quarter 2017. this expansion project is supported by firm demand charge transportation agreements and is complementary to oneok partners' recently announced roadrunner joint venture pipeline project discussed below.
see additional discussion of oneok partners' other growth projects in the "financial results and operating information" section in the natural gas gathering and processing, natural gas liquids and natural gas pipelines segments.
roadrunner - in march 2015, oneok partners entered into a 50-50 joint venture with a subsidiary of fermaca infrastructure b.v. (fermaca), a mexico city-based natural gas infrastructure company, to construct a pipeline to transport natural gas from the permian basin in west texas to the mexican border near el paso, texas. the pipeline will connect with oneok partners' existing natural gas pipeline and storage infrastructure in texas. these integrated assets are also expected to provide markets in mexico access to upstream supply basins in west texas and the mid-continent region, which adds location and price diversity to their supply mix and supports the plan of mexico's national electric utility, comisión federal de electricidad, to replace fuel oil-based power plants with natural gas-fueled power plants, which are more economical and produce fewer ghg emissions. the estimated total cost of the project is approximately $430 million to $480 million. oneok partners contributed approximately $30 million to roadrunner in 2015 and expects to contribute approximately $50 million to roadrunner during 2016.
roadrunner has all permits needed to complete construction on phase i and all permits needed to begin construction on phase ii. construction on both phase i and phase ii is ongoing and we expect phase i to be completed in the first quarter 2016.
roadrunner entered into a $230 million senior secured credit facility for the construction and operation of the pipeline. the senior secured credit facility expires seven years after the roadrunner in-service date of phase ii, which is expected to be completed in the first quarter 2017. in addition, roadrunner executed interest-rate swaps to hedge the variability of its interest payments during the term of the credit facility. roadrunner's credit facility is nonrecourse to oneok and oneok partners, and neither oneok nor oneok partners guarantees roadrunner's debts or obligations under the credit facility.
see additional discussion in the "financial results and operating information" section in the natural gas pipelines segment.
impairment charges - in the fourth quarter 2015, oneok partners recorded $264.3 million of noncash impairment charges, primarily related to its long-lived assets and equity investments in the dry natural gas area of the powder river basin.
dividends/distributions - during 2015, we paid dividends totaling $2.43 per share, an increase of approximately 14 percent from the $2.125 per share paid during 2014. we declared a quarterly dividend of $0.615 per share ($2.46 per share on an annualized basis) in january 2016, an increase of approximately 2 percent from the $0.605 declared in january 2015. during 2015, oneok partners paid cash distributions totaling $3.16 per unit, an increase of approximately 5 percent over the $3.01 per unit paid during 2014. oneok partners paid total cash distributions to us in 2015 of $706.3 million, which includes $310.2 million resulting from our limited-partner interest and $396.1 million related to our general partner interest. a cash distribution from oneok partners of $0.79 per unit ($3.16 per unit on an annualized basis) was declared in january 2016.
oneok debt issuance - in august 2015, we completed an underwritten public offering of $500 million of 7.5 percent senior notes due 2023. the net proceeds, after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and other expenses, were approximately $487.1 million. we used the proceeds together with cash on hand to purchase $650 million of additional common units from oneok partners.
oneok partners debt issuances - in january 2016, oneok partners entered into the $1.0 billion senior unsecured term loan agreement with a syndicate of banks that matures in january 2019. proceeds from the term loan agreement effectively refinance oneok partners' 2016 debt maturities.
in march 2015, oneok partners completed an underwritten public offering of $800 million of senior notes, generating net proceeds of approximately $792.3 million. oneok partners used the proceeds to repay amounts outstanding under its commercial paper program and for general partnership purposes.
oneok partners equity issuances - in august 2015, oneok partners completed a private placement of 21.5 million common units at a price of $30.17 per unit with us. additionally, oneok partners completed a concurrent sale of approximately 3.3 million common units at a price of $30.17 per unit to funds managed by kayne anderson capital advisors in a registered direct offering, which were issued through oneok partners' existing "at-the-market" equity program. the combined offerings generated net cash proceeds of approximately $749 million to oneok partners. in conjunction with these issuances, oneok partners gp contributed approximately $15.3 million in order to maintain our 2 percent general partner interest in oneok partners. oneok partners used the proceeds for general partnership purposes, including capital expenditures and repayment of commercial paper borrowings.
during 2015, oneok partners sold 10.5 million common units through its "at-the-market" equity program, including the units sold to funds managed by kayne anderson capital advisors in the offering discussed above. the net proceeds, including oneok partners gp's contribution to maintain our 2 percent general partner interest in oneok partners, were approximately $381.6 million, which were used for general partnership purposes, including repayment of commercial paper borrowings.
as a result of these transactions, our aggregate ownership interest in oneok partners increased to 41.2 percent at december 31, 2015, compared with 37.8 percent at december 31, 2014.
see note q of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this annual report for a discussion of oneok partners' issuance of common units and distributions to noncontrolling interests.
revenues commodity sales                                                             $6,098.3               $10,725.0               $10,549.2              $(4,626.7     )         (43   )%           $175.8                 2   %
cost of sales and fuel (exclusive of items shown separately below)           5,641.1                10,088.5                10,222.2               (4,447.4     )         (44   )%           (133.7     )          (1   )%
equity in net earnings from investments                                       $125.3                  $117.4                  $110.5                   $7.9                 7   %              $6.9                 6   %
impairment of equity investments                                             $(180.6    )             $(76.4    )                 $-                 $104.2                 *                 $76.4                 *
capital expenditures (a)                                                    $1,188.3                $1,779.2                $2,256.6                $(590.9     )         (33   )%          $(477.4     )         (21   )%
(a) - includes capital expenditures of discontinued operations of $23.9 million and $292.1 million for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
due to the nature of oneok partners' contracts, changes in commodity prices and volumes affect both commodity sales and cost of sales and fuel in our consolidated statements of income and therefore the impact is largely offset between the two line items. as a result, we consider operating income provided by revenues less cost of sales and fuel meaningful and necessary to understand our results of operations.
2015 vs. 2014 - services revenues increased for 2015, compared with 2014, due primarily to higher natural gas and ngl volumes from recently completed capital projects and acquisitions in the natural gas gathering and processing and natural gas liquids segments and higher fees resulting from contract restructuring in the natural gas gathering and processing segment.
commodity sales revenues and costs of sales and fuel decreased for 2015, compared with 2014, due to the sharp decline in commodity prices that began in the fourth quarter 2014 and continued throughout 2015 and higher propane and natural gas prices, as well as wider ngl location and product price differentials experienced in the first quarter 2014 as a result of unusually high weather-related seasonal demand. the impact from the price decrease was offset partially by higher gathered and processed volumes in the natural gas gathering and processing segment and higher ngl volumes transported on gathering lines and fractionated in the natural gas liquids segment in 2015, compared with 2014.
operating costs and depreciation and amortization expense increased for 2015, compared with 2014, due primarily to the growth of oneok partners' operations related to the completed capital projects, including acquisitions, in the natural gas gathering and processing and natural gas liquids segments. this increase was offset partially by decreased operating costs due to lower rates charged by service providers.
oneok partners recorded $264.3 million and $76.4 million of noncash impairment charges, primarily related to its long-lived assets and equity investments in the dry natural gas area of the powder river basin in 2015 and 2014, respectively.
equity in net earnings from investments increased for 2015, compared with 2014, due primarily to higher volumes in 2015 delivered to overland pass pipeline from the bakken ngl pipeline in the natural gas liquids segment.
interest expense increased for 2015, compared with 2014, primarily as a result of higher interest costs incurred associated with oneok partners' issuance of $800 million of senior notes in march 2015, higher interest rates on oneok partners' short-term borrowings, lower capitalized interest due to capital-growth projects completed and placed in service in 2014, and higher interest costs incurred associated with our $500 million debt issuance in august 2015.
income from continuing operations decreased in 2015, compared with 2014, due primarily to the factors discussed above and a $26.4 million net reduction in deferred income tax expense in the first quarter 2014 as a result of the separation of our former natural gas distribution business and the wind down of the energy services business.
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests, which reflects primarily the portion of oneok partners that we do not own, decreased in 2015, compared with 2014, due primarily to lower earnings at oneok partners and impairment charges discussed above.
capital expenditures decreased for 2015, compared with 2014, due to the completion of several large capital-growth projects in 2014, suspension of several projects and the timing of expenditures in 2015 for oneok partners' capital-growth projects.
additional information regarding the financial results and operating information is provided in the following discussion for each of the segments.
2014 vs. 2013 - revenues less cost of sales and fuel for 2014, compared with 2013, increased due primarily to higher volumes across oneok partners' systems. oneok partners' new natural gas processing plants in the williston basin and mid-continent region resulted in increased natural gas volumes gathered, processed and sold in the natural gas gathering and processing segment and, combined with third-party plant connections, increased ngl volumes transported in the natural gas liquids segment's exchange-services business. oneok partners' optimization, marketing, isomerization and differentials-based businesses benefited from wider realized ngl product price differentials in 2014, compared with 2013, primarily related to increased weather-related seasonal demand for propane during the first quarter 2014 and wider realized ngl product price differentials between normal butane and iso-butane. the natural gas pipelines segment also experienced higher transportation revenues, primarily from increased rates and higher contracted capacity and higher storage revenues from park-and-loan activity. these increases were offset partially by the impact of ethane rejection in the natural gas liquids segment and lower contracted storage capacity in the natural gas pipelines segment.
operating costs and depreciation and amortization expense increased for 2014, compared with 2013, due primarily to the growth of oneok partners' operations related to the completed capital projects in the natural gas gathering and processing and natural gas liquids segments.
in 2014, oneok partners recorded $76.4 million of noncash impairment charges related to its equity investment in bighorn gas gathering in the natural gas gathering and processing segment.
equity in net earnings from investments increased for 2014, compared with 2013, due primarily to higher volumes in 2014 delivered to overland pass pipeline from the bakken ngl pipeline in the natural gas liquids segment.
interest expense increased for 2014, compared with 2013, primarily as a result of higher interest costs incurred associated with a full year of interest costs on oneok partners' issuance of $1.25 billion of senior notes in september 2013.
capital expenditures decreased for 2014, compared with 2013, due primarily to the timing of expenditures related to growth projects in the natural gas gathering and processing and natural gas liquids segments.
additional information regarding the financial results and operating information is provided in the following discussion for each of the segments.
natural gas gathering and processing growth projects - the natural gas gathering and processing segment is investing in growth projects in ngl-rich areas in the williston basin, stack, scoop, cana-woodford shale, woodford shale, springer shale and the powder river basin areas that oneok partners expects will enable it to meet the needs of crude oil and natural gas producers in those areas. nearly all of the new natural gas production is from horizontally drilled wells in nonconventional resource areas. these wells tend to produce volumes at higher initial production rates resulting generally in higher initial decline rates than conventional vertical wells; however, the decline rates flatten out over time. these wells are expected to have long productive lives.
completed projects                                     location                capacity   approximatecosts (a)   completion date
projects in progress                               location               capacity   approximatecosts (a)   expectedcompletion date
as a result of reductions in crude oil and natural gas drilling by producers due to the decline in crude oil, natural gas and ngl prices and our expectation of slower supply growth or declines, oneok partners suspended capital expenditures for certain natural gas processing plants and field infrastructure. oneok partners could resume its suspended capital-growth projects when market conditions improve and its customers' needs change. if the current commodity price environment persists for a prolonged period, it may further impact the timing or demand for these projects and additional infrastructure projects or growth opportunities in the future.
for a discussion of oneok partners' capital expenditure financing, see "capital expenditures" in the "liquidity and capital resources" section.
selected financial results - the natural gas gathering and processing segment's financial results for the year ended december 31, 2015, reflect the benefits from the completed projects in the table above.
cost of sales and fuel (exclusive of items shown separately below)                1,265.6                 2,305.7                 1,550.9               (1,040.1     )         (45   )%            754.8                 49   %
equity in net earnings from investments                                             $17.9                   $20.3                   $23.5                  $(2.4     )         (12   )%            $(3.2     )          (14   )%
impairment of equity investments                                                  $(180.6    )             $(76.4    )                 $-                 $104.2                 *                 $76.4                  *
capital expenditures                                                               $887.9                  $898.9                  $774.4                 $(11.0     )          (1   )%           $124.5                 16   %
cash paid for acquisitions                                                             $-                      $-                  $241.9                     $-                 -   %           $(241.9     )         (100   )%
commodity prices declined sharply in the fourth quarter 2014 and continued to decline throughout 2015. we expect lower commodity prices to continue throughout 2016. therefore, we also expect crude oil, natural gas and ngl supply growth to continue to slow. as crude oil and natural gas exploration and production capital investment has decreased due to market conditions, crude oil and natural gas producers are focusing their drilling activities in the most productive areas that are most economical to develop and have higher production volumes, which offsets partially the reduction in drilling activity. the lower commodity price environment had a significant impact on the natural gas gathering and processing segment's financial results in 2015, compared with 2014, but was mitigated partially by restructured contracts primarily in the fourth quarter 2015.
•   an increase of $91.6 million due primarily to restructured contracts resulting in higher average fee rates and a lower percentage of proceeds retained from the sale of commodities under pop with fee contracts; and
•   an increase of $10.5 million in employee-related costs due to higher labor and employee benefit costs resulting from the completion of growth projects; and
oneok partners recorded $254.3 million and $76.4 million of noncash impairment charges primarily related to its long-lived assets and equity investments in the dry natural gas area of the powder river basin in 2015 and 2014, respectively. see additional discussion in "impairment charges" below.
capital expenditures decreased due primarily to the timing of oneok partners' growth projects discussed above.
see "capital expenditures" in "liquidity and capital resources" for additional detail of oneok partners' projected capital expenditures.
•   an increase of $8.8 million due primarily to higher average fee rates and a lower percentage of proceeds retained from the sale of commodities under pop with fee contracts; offset partially by
•   an increase of $21.2 million in employee-related costs due to higher labor and employee benefit costs; offset partially by
•   a decrease of $3.2 million due to lower ad valorem tax expense resulting from capitalized taxes related to construction projects.
depreciation and amortization expense increased due to the completion of growth projects and acquisitions.
in 2014, oneok partners recorded $76.4 million of noncash impairment charges related to its equity investment in bighorn gas gathering.
capital expenditures increased due primarily to the timing of oneok partners' growth projects discussed above.
realized composite ngl net sales price ($/gallon) (c) (d)                $0.34                 $0.93                 $0.87
(a) - includes volumes for consolidated entities only.
(b) - includes volumes at company-owned and third-party facilities.
(c) - includes the impact of hedging activities on oneok partners' equity volumes.
natural gas gathered and processed, ngl sales and residue natural gas sales increased in 2015, compared with 2014, due to the completion of growth projects in the williston basin, offset partially by unplanned outages in the williston basin during the third quarter and natural gas volume declines in the cana-woodford shale. in 2016, we expect oneok partners' average natural gas gathered volumes to increase in the cana-woodford shale as a result of wells completed in late 2015. natural gas
gathered and processed, ngl sales and residue natural gas sales increased in 2014, compared with 2013, due to the completion of growth projects in the williston basin and the mid-continent areas, offset partially by natural declines in the powder river basin.
the quantity and composition of ngls and natural gas have varied as new plants were placed in service and to ensure natural gas and natural gas liquids pipeline specifications were met. beginning in june 2015, oneok partners reduced the level of ethane rejection in the rocky mountain region to address downstream ngl product specifications. in 2016, we expect additional volumes from the lonesome creek and bear creek processing plants in the williston basin to further reduce the level of ethane rejection. we expect the decreased level of ethane rejection to continue throughout 2016.
years ended december 31, equity volume information (a)                  2015              2014              2013
(a) - includes volumes for consolidated entities only.
commodity price risk - the natural gas gathering and processing segment is exposed to commodity price risk as a result of receiving commodities as a portion of oneok partners' compensation for its services. see discussion regarding oneok partners' commodity price risk under "commodity price risk" in item 7a, quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk.
impairment charges - crude oil and natural gas producers have primarily focused their development efforts on crude oil and ngl-rich supply basins rather than in areas with dry natural gas production, such as the coal-bed methane production areas in the powder river basin. the reduced development activities and production declines in the dry natural gas area of the powder river basin have resulted in lower natural gas volumes available to be gathered. due to the continued and greater than expected decline in volumes gathered in the dry natural gas area of the powder river basin, oneok partners evaluated its long-lived assets and equity investments in this area and determined that it will cease operations of its wholly owned coal-bed methane natural gas gathering system in 2016. this resulted in a $63.5 million noncash impairment charge to oneok partners' long-lived assets in the fourth quarter 2015. bighorn gas gathering, in which oneok partners owns a 49 percent equity interest, and fort union gas gathering, in which oneok partners owns a 37 percent equity interest, are both partially supplied with volumes from oneok partners' wholly owned coal-bed methane natural gas gathering system. oneok partners also owns a 35 percent equity interest in lost creek gathering company, which also is located in a dry natural gas area. oneok partners reviewed its bighorn gas gathering, fort union gas gathering and lost creek gathering company equity investments and recorded noncash impairment charges of $180.6 million in the fourth quarter 2015. the remaining net book value of oneok partners' equity investments in this dry natural gas area is $35.0 million.
during 2014, bighorn gas gathering recorded an impairment of its underlying assets when the operator determined that the volume decline would be sustained for the foreseeable future. as a result, oneok partners reviewed its equity investment in bighorn gas gathering for impairment and recorded noncash impairment charges of $76.4 million in 2014 related to bighorn gas gathering.
natural gas liquids growth projects - oneok partners' growth strategy in the natural gas liquids segment is focused around the crude oil and ngl-rich natural gas drilling activity in shale and other nonconventional resource areas from the rocky mountain region through the mid-continent region into texas and new mexico. crude oil, natural gas and ngl production from this activity; higher petrochemical industry demand for ngl products; and increased exports have resulted in oneok partners making additional capital investments to expand its infrastructure to bring these commodities from supply basins to market. expansion of the petrochemical industry in the united states is expected to increase ethane demand significantly beginning in 2017, and international demand for ngls, particularly propane, also is increasing and is expected to continue to do so in the future.
completed projects                                        location                   capacity   approximate costs (a)   completion date
ethane/propane splitter                                   gulf coast                40 mbbl/d                     $46   march 2014
(b) acquisition.
projects in progress                       location                 capacity   approximate costs (a)   expectedcompletion date
as a result of reductions in crude oil and natural gas drilling activities and the expectation of continued slower supply growth or declines due to the lower crude oil, natural gas and ngl prices, oneok partners has suspended capital expenditures for certain natural gas liquids infrastructure projects related to planned natural gas processing plants. oneok partners could resume its suspended capital-growth projects when market conditions improve and its customers' needs change. if the current commodity price environment persists for a prolonged period, it may further impact the timing or demand for these projects and additional infrastructure projects or growth opportunities in the future.
for a discussion of oneok partners' capital expenditure financing, see "capital expenditures" in the "liquidity and capital resources" section.
selected financial results - the natural gas liquids segment's financial results for the year ended december 31, 2015, reflect the benefits from the completed growth projects in the table above.
cost of sales and fuel (exclusive of items shown separately below)           5,328.3                 9,435.3                 9,908.1               (4,107.0     )          (44   )%           (472.8     )          (5   )%
equity in net earnings from investments                                        $38.7                   $27.3                   $22.0                  $11.4                 42   %              $5.3                24   %
capital expenditures                                                          $226.1                  $798.0                $1,128.3                $(571.9     )          (72   )%          $(330.3     )         (29   )%
cash paid for acquisitions, net of cash received                                  $-                  $800.9                  $153.0                $(800.9     )         (100   )%           $647.9                 *
in the first quarter 2014, oneok partners experienced increased propane demand and prices, which impacted its results of operations in 2014, due to colder than normal weather. the price of propane in the mid-continent market and the wider location price differentials between the mid-continent and gulf coast market centers peaked in late january 2014 and returned to then historical levels by the end of february 2014 as supply and demand balanced.
•   an increase of $191.0 million in fee-based exchange-services, which resulted from increased volumes from new plants connected in the williston basin and mid-continent region and higher revenues from customers with minimum volume obligations;
•   an increase of $81.8 million in the transportation business due primarily to the acquisition of the west texas lpg system in the permian basin, which was acquired in november 2014; and
•   a decrease of $118.4 million in the optimization, marketing and differentials-based activities, which resulted from a $66.3 million decrease due primarily to narrower ngl product price differentials, a $27.7 million decrease due primarily to narrower ngl location price differentials and a $24.4 million decrease in the marketing business. a portion of this decrease relates to the increased demand for propane experienced during the first quarter 2014;
operating costs increased primarily as a result of the completion of oneok partners' growth projects and acquisition and include the following:
•   an increase of $29.2 million due to the west texas lpg acquisition; and
depreciation and amortization expense increased due primarily to oneok partners' completed capital projects and acquisition.
equity in net earnings from investments increased in 2015, compared with 2014, due primarily to higher volumes delivered to overland pass pipeline from oneok partners' bakken ngl pipeline.
capital expenditures decreased due primarily to the completion of several growth projects in 2014.
2014 vs. 2013 - oneok partners experienced significantly higher prices in the first quarter 2014 due to severely cold weather, compared with 2013. in response to increased heating demand, propane prices increased significantly at the mid-continent market center at conway, kansas, compared with the gulf coast market center at mont belvieu, texas, in the first quarter 2014. the price of propane in the mid-continent market and the wider location price differentials between the mid-continent and gulf coast market centers peaked in late january 2014 and returned to historical levels by the end of february 2014 as supply and demand balanced.
•   an increase of $157.4 million in fee-based exchange and transportation services, which resulted from increased volumes from new plants connected in the williston basin and mid-continent region, and higher fees for exchange-services activities resulting from contract renegotiations, offset partially by lower volumes from the termination of a contract;
•   an increase of $79.8 million in the optimization, marketing and differentials-based activities, which resulted from a $31.4 million increase due primarily to wider realized ngl product price differentials; a $25.2 million increase in the marketing business related primarily to increased weather-related seasonal demand for propane during the first quarter 2014, and marketing and truck and rail activities in the second, third and fourth quarters 2014; and a $23.2 million increase due primarily to significantly wider ngl location price differentials, primarily related to increased weather-related seasonal demand for propane during the first quarter 2014, offset partially by lower optimization volumes in the second, third and fourth quarters 2014 when differentials narrowed; and
•   an increase of $20.1 million due to higher outside services expenses associated primarily with scheduled maintenance and the growth of operations related to completed capital projects;
•   an increase of $15.5 million due to higher ad valorem taxes related to its completed capital projects;
•   an increase of $14.9 million due to higher employee-related costs due primarily to higher labor and employee benefit costs; and
depreciation and amortization expense increased due primarily to oneok partners' completed capital projects.
equity in net earnings from investments increased in 2014, compared with 2013, due primarily to higher volumes delivered to overland pass pipeline from oneok partners' bakken ngl pipeline that was placed in service in april 2013 and revenues from minimum volume agreements, offset partially by increased ethane rejection and higher operating costs.
capital expenditures decreased due primarily to timing of expenditures on oneok partners' growth projects discussed above.
(a) - includes volumes for consolidated entities only.
(b) - includes volumes at company-owned and third-party facilities.
natural gas pipelines growth projects - the following projects are in various stages of construction. roadrunner is a 50 percent-owned joint venture equity-method investment project. westex is a wholly owned project.
projects in progress                                              location          capacity   approximate costs (a)   expectedcompletion date
roadrunner gas transmission pipeline - equity-method investment phase i (b)                                                       permian basin   170 mmcf/d               $190-$210   first quarter 2016
(b) - 50-50 joint venture equity-method investment. approximate costs represents total project costs, which are expected to be financed with approximately 50 percent equity contributions and 50 percent debt issued by roadrunner. we expect oneok partners to make equity contributions for approximately 25 percent of the total project costs.
roadrunner - in march 2015, oneok partners entered into a 50-50 joint venture with a subsidiary of fermaca, a mexico city-based natural gas infrastructure company, to construct a pipeline to transport natural gas from the permian basin in west texas to the mexican border near el paso, texas. the roadrunner pipeline will connect with oneok partners' existing natural gas pipeline and storage infrastructure in texas and, together with its westex intrastate natural gas transmission pipeline expansion project, is expected to create a platform for future opportunities to deliver natural gas supply to mexico. these integrated assets also are expected to provide markets in mexico access to upstream supply basins in west texas and the mid-continent region, which adds location and price diversity to their supply mix and supports the plan of mexico's national electric utility, comisión federal de electricidad, to replace oil-fueled power plants with natural gas-fueled power plants, which are more economical and produce fewer ghg emissions.
the roadrunner pipeline was fully subscribed for its initial design through an open season process held in december 2014. precedent agreements representing the initial design capacity have been executed with the comisión federal de electricidad and a fermaca subsidiary. all transportation agreements are firm demand charge and have a term of 25 years. additional capacity could become available through future expansions depending on market demand.
oneok partners is managing the construction of the project and will be the operator of the pipeline upon its completion. the estimated total cost of the project is approximately $430 million to $480 million. oneok partners contributed approximately $30 million to roadrunner for the year ended december 31, 2015. oneok partners expects to contribute approximately $50 million to roadrunner during 2016. roadrunner entered into a $230 million senior secured credit facility for the construction and operation of the pipeline. the senior secured credit facility expires seven years after the roadrunner phase ii in-service date, which is expected to be completed in the first quarter 2017. in addition, roadrunner executed interest-rate swaps to hedge the variability of its interest payments during the term of the credit facility. roadrunner's credit facility is nonrecourse to oneok and oneok partners, and neither oneok nor oneok partners guarantees roadrunner's debts or obligations under the credit facility.
roadrunner has all permits needed to complete construction on phase i and all permits needed to begin construction on phase ii. construction on both phase i and phase ii is ongoing and we expect phase i to be completed in the first quarter 2016.
westex pipeline expansion - in july 2015, oneok partners announced that it plans to expand the capacity of the westex intrastate natural gas pipeline by constructing two new compressor stations and upgrading or expanding three existing compressor stations. the expansion project is approximately 90 percent subscribed with long-term firm demand charge transportation contracts and will complement the roadrunner pipeline project. together, these projects provide markets in mexico access to upstream supply basins in west texas and the mid-continent region.
cost of sales and fuel (exclusive of items shown separately below)            34.5                  21.9                  39.8                 12.6                 58   %             (17.9     )         (45   )%
equity in net earnings from investments                                      $68.7                 $69.8                 $65.0                $(1.1     )           (2   )%             $4.8                 7   %
capital expenditures                                                         $58.2                 $43.0                 $34.7                $15.2                 35   %              $8.3                24   %
cash paid for acquisitions                                                      $-                 $14.0                    $-               $(14.0     )         (100   )%            $14.0                 *
•   a decrease of $24.3 million from lower short-term natural gas storage services as a result of weather-related seasonal demand associated with severely cold weather in the first quarter 2014;
gain on sale of assets decreased in 2015 primarily as a result of excess pad gas sales of $4.3 million in 2015, compared with $6.8 million in the prior year.
equity in net earnings from investments decreased $1.1 million due primarily to decreased park-and-loan services on northern border pipeline as a result of weather-related seasonal demand due to severely cold weather in the first quarter 2014, offset partially by an increase in contracted firm transportation.
capital expenditures increased due primarily to a compressor station expansion project.
•   an increase of $26.3 million due to higher transportation revenues primarily from increased rates on intrastate pipelines, higher contracted capacity and rates on midwestern gas transmission and increased interruptible transportation revenues from higher natural gas volumes transported;
•   an increase of $17.6 million from higher short-term natural gas storage services due to higher park-and-loan activity as a result of weather-related seasonal demand primarily in the first quarter 2014 and greater capacity available for such services;
•   an increase of $3.1 million from additional storage services to meet utility customers' peak-day demand; offset partially by
•   a decrease of $14.3 million due to lower storage revenues from lower contracted firm capacity.
operating costs increased primarily as a result of increased employee-related costs due to higher labor and employee benefit costs, as well as higher expenditures for outside services associated with scheduled maintenance and higher materials and supplies expenses.
gain on sale of assets decreased in 2014 as a result of excess pad gas sales of $6.8 million in 2014, compared with $10.5 million in the prior year.
equity in net earnings from investments increased $4.8 million due primarily to increased park-and-loan services on northern border pipeline as a result of increased weather-related seasonal demand in the first quarter 2014, offset partially by lower contracted capacity.
natural gas transportation capacity contracted (mdth/d)         5,840               5,781               5,524
transportation capacity subscribed                                 92    %             91    %             90    %
(a) - includes volumes for consolidated entities only.
oneok partners' natural gas pipelines primarily serve end users, such as natural gas distribution and electric-generation companies, that require natural gas to operate their businesses regardless of location price differentials. the development of shale and other resource areas has continued to increase available natural gas supply resulting in narrower location and seasonal price differentials. as additional supply is developed, oneok partners expects crude oil and natural gas producers to demand incremental services in the future to transport their production to market. the abundance of shale gas supply and new regulations on emissions from coal-fired electric-generation plants may also increase the demand for oneok partners' services from electric-generation companies as they convert to a natural gas fuel source. conversely, contracted capacity by certain customers that are focused on capturing location or seasonal price differentials may decrease in the future due to narrowing price differentials. overall, oneok partners expects its fee-based earnings in this segment to remain relatively stable with growth in the permian basin as it completes construction of its roadrunner joint venture and its westex pipeline expansion.
in august 2014, viking gas transmission filed a "stipulation and agreement in resolutions of all issues concerning adjustment in rates of viking gas transmission company" (settlement) with the ferc. the settlement was approved on october 1, 2014, and became final on october 31, 2014. rates under the settlement became effective january 1, 2015.
northern border pipeline, in which oneok partners has a 50 percent ownership interest, has contracted substantially all of its long-haul transportation capacity through the first quarter 2017.
contingencies gas index pricing litigation - as previously reported, oneok and its subsidiary, oesc, along with several other energy companies, are defending multiple lawsuits arising from alleged market manipulation or false reporting of natural gas prices to natural gas-index publications alleged to have occurred prior to 2003. on april 10, 2013, the united states court of appeals for the ninth circuit reversed the summary judgments that had been granted in favor of oneok, oesc and other unaffiliated defendants in the following cases: reorganized fli, learjet, arandell, heartland and newpage. the ninth circuit also reversed the summary judgment that had been granted in favor of oesc on all state law claims asserted in the sinclair case. on april 21, 2015, the united states supreme court affirmed the decision of the ninth circuit. the cases have now been remanded back to the trial court (the united states district court for the district of nevada) for further proceedings.
because of the uncertainty surrounding the gas index pricing litigation, including an insufficient description of the purported classes and other related matters, we cannot reasonably estimate a range of potential exposures at this time. however, it is reasonably possible that the ultimate resolution of these matters could result in future charges that may be material to our results of operations.
other legal proceedings - we and oneok partners are party to various other litigation matters and claims that have arisen in the normal course of our operations. while the results of these various other litigation matters and claims cannot be predicted with certainty, we believe the reasonably possible losses from such matters, individually and in the aggregate, are not material. additionally, we believe the probable final outcome of such matters will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows.
liquidity and capital resources general - we fund operating expenses, debt service and dividends to shareholders primarily from cash distributions received from oneok partners.
neither oneok nor oneok partners guarantees the debt or other similar commitments of unaffiliated parties. oneok does not guarantee the debt or other similar commitments of oneok partners, and oneok partners does not guarantee the debt or other similar commitments of oneok.
oneok - oneok's primary source of cash inflows are distributions to us from our general partner and limited partner interests in oneok partners. the cash distributions that we expect to receive from oneok partners are expected to provide sufficient resources to fund our operations, debt service and quarterly cash dividends. at december 31, 2015, we had approximately $92.5 million of cash on hand. our next long-term debt maturity is in 2022.
in march 2014, we completed the wind down of our energy services business. we expect future cash expenditures associated with the released transportation and storage capacity from the wind down of our energy services business to be approximately $37 million with approximately $19 million in 2016, $10 million in 2017, $4 million in 2018 and $4 million from 2019 through 2023.
oneok partners - oneok partners relies primarily on operating cash flows, commercial paper, bank credit facilities, debt issuances and the issuance of common units for its liquidity and capital resources requirements. as of december 31, 2015, oneok partners had $5.1 million of cash on hand and available capacity under its partnership credit agreement of $1.8 billion. in addition, in january 2016, oneok partners entered into the $1.0 billion senior unsecured term loan agreement with a syndicate of banks that matures in january 2019.
oneok partners funds its operating expenses, debt service and cash distributions to its limited partners and general partner primarily with operating cash flows. to the extent operating cash flows are not sufficient to fund its cash distributions, oneok partners may utilize short- and long-term debt and issuances of equity, as necessary. capital expenditures are funded by operating cash flows, short- and long-term debt and issuances of equity. oneok partners' ability to continue to access capital markets for debt and equity financing under reasonable terms depends on its financial condition, credit ratings and market conditions. the significant decline in commodity prices has increased the cost of debt and equity financing for oneok partners and others in the industry. while lower commodity prices and industry uncertainty may result in increased financing costs, oneok partners expects to utilize its commercial paper program, partnership credit agreement, term loan agreement and cash from operations to fund its announced growth capital expenditures, refinance its senior notes maturities and meet its working capital needs through 2016 and well into 2017. however, oneok partners may access the capital markets to issue debt or equity securities prior to that time as it considers prudent to provide liquidity for new capital projects, to maintain investment-grade credit ratings or other partnership purposes.
cash management - we and oneok partners each use similar centralized cash management programs that concentrate the cash assets of our operating subsidiaries in joint accounts for the purposes of providing financial flexibility and lowering the cost of borrowing, transaction costs and bank fees. both centralized cash management programs provide that funds in excess of the daily needs of the operating subsidiaries are concentrated, consolidated or otherwise made available for use by other entities within the respective consolidated groups. oneok partners' operating subsidiaries participate in these programs to the extent they are permitted pursuant to ferc regulations or their operating agreements. under these cash management programs, depending on whether a participating subsidiary has short-term cash surpluses or cash requirements, we and oneok partners provide cash to our respective subsidiaries or the subsidiaries provide cash to us.
short-term liquidity - oneok's sources of short-term liquidity are quarterly distributions from oneok partners, cash on hand of $92.5 million as of december 31, 2015, and access to our $300 million oneok credit agreement. we terminated our commercial paper program in february 2014. at december 31, 2015, oneok had no short-term debt outstanding.
oneok partners' principal sources of short-term liquidity consist of cash generated from operating activities, distributions received from its equity-method investments and proceeds from its commercial paper program, the oneok partners credit agreement and its "at-the-market" equity program.
oneok partners had working capital (defined as current assets less current liabilities) deficits of approximately $697 million and $1.3 billion as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. although working capital is influenced by several factors, including, among other things, (i) the timing of (a) scheduled debt payments, (b) the collection and payment of accounts receivable and payable, and (c) equity and debt issuances, and (ii) the volume and cost of inventory and commodity imbalances, oneok partners' working capital deficit at december 31, 2014, was driven primarily by oneok partners' capital-growth projects and oneok partners' $800 million acquisition of west texas lpg in november 2014, which were initially funded with short-term borrowings under its commercial paper program. oneok partners repaid these short-term borrowings with cash from operations, its march 2015 debt issuance, equity issued through its "at-the-market" equity program and its august 2015 equity issuances. oneok partners' working capital deficit at december 31, 2015, was driven primarily by its capital-growth projects. oneok partners may have working capital deficits in future periods as it continues to finance its capital-growth projects, often initially with short-term borrowings. we do not expect oneok partners' working capital deficit to have an adverse impact to our or oneok partners' cash flows or operations. the consolidated working capital balance is impacted primarily by oneok partners' working capital balance.
the weighted-average interest rate at december 31, 2015, on oneok partners' short-term borrowings was 1.43 percent. based on the forward libor curve, we expect the interest rates on oneok partners' short-term borrowings to increase in 2016, compared with interest rates on amounts outstanding at december 31, 2015.
oneok credit agreement - in january 2016, we extended the term of our oneok credit agreement by one year to january 2020. at december 31, 2015, we had $1.1 million in letters of credit issued under the oneok credit agreement and approximately $92.5 million of cash and cash equivalents. we had $298.9 million of credit available at december 31, 2015, under the oneok credit agreement.
the oneok credit agreement is a $300 million revolving credit facility and contains certain financial, operational and legal covenants. among other things, these covenants include maintaining a ratio of indebtedness to consolidated ebitda (ebitda, as defined in the oneok credit agreement) of no more than 4.0 to 1. upon breach of certain covenants by us in the oneok credit agreement, amounts outstanding under our oneok credit agreement, if any, may become due and payable immediately. at december 31, 2015, our ratio of indebtedness to consolidated ebitda was 2.3 to 1, and we were in compliance with all covenants under the oneok credit agreement.
the oneok credit agreement also includes a $50 million sublimit for the issuance of standby letters of credit and a $50 million sublimit for swingline loans. under the terms of the oneok credit agreement, we may request an increase in the size of the facility to an aggregate of $500 million from $300 million by either commitments from new lenders or increased commitments from existing lenders. the oneok credit agreement contains provisions for an applicable margin rate and an annual facility fee, both of which adjust with changes in our credit rating. based on our current credit rating, borrowings, if any, will accrue interest at libor plus 145 basis points, and the annual facility fee is 30 basis points.
oneok partners credit agreement - at december 31, 2015, oneok partners had $246.3 million of commercial paper outstanding, $14 million of letters of credit issued and $300 million of borrowings outstanding under the oneok partners credit agreement. at december 31, 2015, oneok partners had approximately $5.1 million of cash and cash equivalents and approximately $1.8 billion of credit available under the oneok partners credit agreement.
in january 2016, oneok partners extended the term of its oneok partners credit agreement by one year to january 2020. the oneok partners credit agreement is a $2.4 billion revolving credit facility and includes a $100 million sublimit for the issuance of standby letters of credit and a $150 million swingline sublimit. the oneok partners credit agreement is available for general partnership purposes. during the first quarter 2015, oneok partners increased the size of the oneok partners credit agreement and commercial paper program each to $2.4 billion from $1.7 billion. amounts outstanding under oneok partners' commercial paper program reduce the borrowing capacity under the oneok partners credit agreement.
the oneok partners credit agreement contains provisions for an applicable margin rate and an annual facility fee, both of which adjust with changes in oneok partners' credit rating. under the terms of the oneok partners credit agreement, based on oneok partners' current credit rating, borrowings, if any, will accrue at libor plus 117.5 basis points, and the annual facility fee is 20 basis points. the oneok partners credit agreement is guaranteed fully and unconditionally by the intermediate partnership.
the oneok partners credit agreement contains certain financial, operational and legal covenants. among other things, these covenants include maintaining a ratio of indebtedness to adjusted ebitda (ebitda, as defined in the oneok partners credit agreement, adjusted for all noncash charges and increased for projected ebitda from certain lender-approved capital expansion projects) of no more than 5.0 to 1. if oneok partners consummates one or more acquisitions in which the aggregate purchase price is $25 million or more, the allowable ratio of indebtedness to adjusted ebitda will be increased to 5.5 to 1 for the quarter in which the acquisition was completed and the two following quarters. as a result of the west texas lpg acquisition oneok partners completed in the fourth quarter 2014, the allowable ratio of indebtedness to adjusted ebitda increased to 5.5 to 1 through the second quarter 2015. if oneok partners were to breach certain covenants in the oneok partners credit agreement, amounts outstanding under the oneok partners credit agreement, if any, may become due and payable immediately. at december 31, 2015, oneok partners' ratio of indebtedness to adjusted ebitda was 4.4 to 1, and oneok partners was in compliance with all covenants under the oneok partners credit agreement. at december 31, 2015, oneok partners could have issued $1.0 billion of incremental short- and long-term debt to meet its liquidity needs under the most restrictive provisions contained in its various borrowing agreements.
borrowings under the oneok partners credit agreement, oneok partners' term loan agreement and oneok partners' senior notes are nonrecourse to oneok, and oneok does not guarantee oneok partners' debt, commercial paper or other similar commitments.
long-term financing - we expect oneok partners to fund its longer-term financing requirements by issuing common units or long-term notes. other options to obtain financing include, but are not limited to, issuance of convertible debt securities, asset securitization and the sale and lease back of facilities.
oneok partners' ability to obtain financing is subject to changes in the debt and equity markets, and there is no assurance it will be able or willing to access the public or private markets in the future. oneok partners may choose to meet its cash requirements by utilizing some combination of cash flows from operations, borrowing under its commercial paper program or the oneok partners credit agreement, altering the timing of controllable expenditures, restricting future acquisitions and
capital projects, selling assets or pursuing other debt or equity financing alternatives. some of these alternatives could result in higher costs or negatively affect its respective credit ratings, among other factors. based on oneok partners' investment-grade credit ratings, general financial condition and expectations regarding its future earnings and projected cash flows, we expect oneok partners will be able to meet its cash requirements and maintain investment-grade credit ratings.
oneok debt issuance - in august 2015, we completed an underwritten public offering of $500 million, 7.5 percent senior notes due 2023. the net proceeds, after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and other expenses, were approximately $487.1 million. we used the proceeds together with cash on hand to purchase $650 million of additional common units from oneok partners.
oneok partners' debt issuances and maturities - in january 2016, oneok partners entered into the $1.0 billion senior unsecured delayed-draw term loan agreement with a syndicate of banks, which may be drawn by april 7, 2016. oneok partners expects to draw the full $1.0 billion available under the agreement and use the proceeds to effectively refinance its $650 million, 3.25 percent senior notes that matured on february 1, 2016, and its $450 million, 6.15 percent senior notes that mature on october 1, 2016. the term loan agreement matures in january 2019 and will bear interest at libor plus a margin that is based on the credit ratings assigned to oneok partners' senior, unsecured, long-term indebtedness. based on oneok partners' current applicable credit rating, borrowings on the term loan agreement will accrue at libor plus 130.0 basis points. the term loan agreement contains an option, which may be exercised up to two times, to extend the term of the loan, in each case, for an additional one-year term subject to approval of the banks. the term loan agreement provides an option to prepay, without penalty or premium, the amount outstanding, or any portion thereof and contains substantially the same covenants as those contained in the oneok partners credit agreement.
in march 2015, oneok partners completed an underwritten public offering of $800 million of senior notes, consisting of $300 million, 3.8 percent senior notes due 2020, and $500 million, 4.9 percent senior notes due 2025. the net proceeds, after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and offering expenses, were approximately $792.3 million. oneok partners used the proceeds to repay amounts outstanding under its commercial paper program and for general partnership purposes.
in september 2013, oneok partners completed an underwritten public offering of $1.25 billion of senior notes, consisting of $425 million, 3.2 percent senior notes due 2018, $425 million, 5.0 percent senior notes due 2023 and $400 million, 6.2 percent senior notes due 2043. a portion of the net proceeds from the offering of approximately $1.24 billion was used to repay amounts outstanding under its commercial paper program, and the balance was used for general partnership purposes, including but not limited to capital expenditures and acquisitions.
oneok partners' equity issuances - in august 2015, oneok partners completed a private placement of 21.5 million common units at a price of $30.17 per unit with us. additionally, oneok partners completed a concurrent sale of approximately 3.3 million common units at a price of $30.17 per unit to funds managed by kayne anderson capital advisors in a registered direct offering, which were issued through its existing "at-the-market" equity program. the combined offerings generated net cash proceeds of approximately $749 million to oneok partners. in conjunction with these issuances, oneok partners gp contributed approximately $15.3 million in order to maintain our 2 percent general partner interest in oneok partners. oneok partners used the proceeds for general partnership purposes, including capital expenditures and repayment of commercial paper borrowings.
oneok partners has an "at-the-market" equity program for the offer and sale from time to time of its common units, up to an aggregate amount of $650 million. the program allows oneok partners to offer and sell its common units at prices it deems appropriate through a sales agent. sales of common units are made by means of ordinary brokers' transactions on the nyse, in block transactions or as otherwise agreed to between oneok partners and the sales agent. oneok partners is under no obligation to offer and sell common units under the program. at december 31, 2015, oneok partners had approximately $138 million of registered common units available for issuance through its "at-the-market" equity program.
during the year ended december 31, 2015, oneok partners sold 10.5 million common units through its "at-the-market" equity program, including the units sold to funds managed by kayne anderson capital advisors in the offering discussed above. the gross proceeds, including oneok partners gp's contribution to maintain our 2 percent general partner interest in oneok partners, were approximately $384.4 million. net cash proceeds, after deducting agent commissions and other related costs, were approximately $381.6 million to oneok partners, which were used for general partnership purposes, including repayment of commercial paper borrowings.
in may 2014, oneok partners completed an underwritten public offering of 13.9 million common units at a public offering price of $52.94 per common unit, generating net proceeds of approximately $714.5 million. in conjunction with this issuance, oneok partners gp contributed approximately $15.0 million in order to maintain our 2 percent general partner interest in oneok partners. oneok partners used the proceeds for general partnership purposes, including capital expenditures and repayment of commercial paper borrowings.
during the year ended december 31, 2014, oneok partners sold 7.9 million common units through its "at-the-market" equity program. the gross proceeds, including oneok partners gp's contribution to maintain our 2 percent general partner interest in oneok partners, were approximately $408.1 million. net cash proceeds, after deducting agent commissions and other related costs, were approximately $402.1 million to oneok partners, which were used for general partnership purposes.
in august 2013, oneok partners completed an underwritten public offering of 11.5 million common units at a public offering price of $49.61 per common unit, generating net proceeds of approximately $553.4 million. in conjunction with this issuance, oneok partners gp contributed approximately $11.6 million in order to maintain our 2 percent general partner interest in oneok partners. oneok partners used a portion of the proceeds from its august 2013 equity issuance to repay amounts outstanding under its commercial paper program, and the balance was used for general partnership purposes.
during the year ended december 31, 2013, oneok partners sold 681,000 common units through its "at-the-market" equity program. the gross proceeds, including oneok partners gp's contribution to maintain our 2 percent general partner interest in oneok partners, were approximately $36.6 million. net cash proceeds, after deducting agent commissions and other related costs, were approximately $36.1 million to oneok partners, which were used for general partnership purposes.
interest-rate swaps - oneok partners has entered into forward-starting interest-rate swaps to hedge the variability of interest payments on a portion of forecasted debt issuances that may result from changes in the benchmark interest rate before the debt is issued. upon oneok partners' debt issuance in march 2015, oneok partners paid $55.1 million to settle $500 million of its interest-rate swaps. at december 31, 2015, oneok partners had forward-starting interest-rate swaps with notional amounts totaling $400 million that were designated as cash flow hedges and have settlement dates of less than 12 months.
in january 2016, oneok partners entered into forward-starting interest-rate swaps with notional amounts totaling $1.0 billion for the period of april 2016 through july 2018 and forward-starting interest-rate swaps with notional amounts totaling $500 million for the period of july 2018 through january 2019 that were designated as cash flow hedges to hedge the variability of its libor-based interest payments.
capital expenditures - oneok partners' capital expenditures are financed typically through operating cash flows, short- and long-term debt and the issuance of equity. oneok partners' capital expenditures were approximately $1.2 billion, $1.7 billion and $1.9 billion for 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. capital expenditures for oneok partners for 2015 decreased, compared with 2014, due primarily to the completion of several large projects in 2014. oneok partners realigned its capital-growth projects with the needs of its crude oil and natural gas producer customers, which included suspending, reducing or eliminating certain capital-growth projects to reduce its capital expenditures. capital expenditures decreased for 2014, compared with 2013, due primarily to the timing of expenditures on growth projects in the natural gas gathering and processing and natural gas liquids segments.
the following table sets forth oneok partners' 2016 projected capital expenditures, excluding afudc:
2016 projected capital expenditures
total projected capital expenditures                  $600
in 2016, we expect lower capital spending at oneok partners, compared with spending levels from 2013 through 2015, due to the current commodity price environment and alignment of capital-growth projects with the needs of oneok partners' customers. oneok partners expects to finance 2016 capital expenditures with cash flows from operations and short-term borrowings and does not expect a need to issue public debt or equity in 2016 and well into 2017. however, oneok partners may access the capital markets to issue debt or equity securities prior to that time as it considers prudent to provide liquidity for new capital projects, to maintain investment-grade credit ratings or other partnership purposes.
oneok's capital expenditures were approximately $2 million, $33 million and $317 million for 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. capital expenditures for oneok decreased due to the separation of the natural gas distribution business.
unconsolidated affiliates - the overland pass pipeline company limited liability company agreement provides that distributions to overland pass pipeline company's members are to be made on a pro rata basis according to each member's ownership interest. the overland pass pipeline company management committee determines the amount and timing of such distributions. any changes to, or suspension of, cash distributions from overland pass pipeline company requires the unanimous approval of the overland pass pipeline management committee. cash distributions are equal to 100 percent of available cash as defined in the limited liability company agreement.
the northern border pipeline partnership agreement provides that distributions to northern border pipeline's partners are to be made on a pro rata basis according to each partner's percentage interest. the northern border pipeline management committee determines the amount and timing of such distributions. any changes to, or suspension of, the cash distribution policy of northern border pipeline requires the unanimous approval of the northern border pipeline management committee. cash distributions are equal to 100 percent of distributable cash flow as determined from northern border pipeline's financial statements based upon ebitda less interest expense and maintenance capital expenditures. loans or other advances from northern border pipeline to its partners or affiliates are prohibited under its credit agreement.
the roadrunner limited liability agreement provides that distributions to members are made on a pro rata basis according to each member's ownership interest. cash distributions are paid within 45 days following the end of each quarter. any changes to, or suspension of, the cash distributions from roadrunner requires approval of the roadrunner management committee. voting rights for the roadrunner management committee are allocated on a pro rata basis according to each member's ownership interest. cash distributions are equal to 100 percent of available cash, as defined in the limited liability company agreement.
west texas lpg pipeline - the limited partnership agreement of wtlpg provides that distributions to the partners are to be made on a pro rata basis according to each partner's ownership interest. cash distributions to the partners are currently declared and paid by wtlpg each calendar quarter. any changes to, or suspension of, the cash distributions from wtlpg requires the approval of a minimum of 90 percent of the ownership interest and a minimum of two general partners of wtlpg. cash distributions are equal to 100 percent of distributable cash as defined in the limited partnership agreement of wtlpg.
credit ratings - oneok and oneok partners' credit ratings as of february 16, 2016, are shown in the table below:
oneok                   oneok partners rating agency   rating       outlook    rating          outlook moody's         ba1          stable     baa2            negative s&amp;p         bb+          negative   bbb             negative in connection with our august 2015 $500 million notes offering, moody's downgraded oneok's rating to ba1 and s&p affirmed oneok's rating but revised our outlook to negative from stable. in august 2015, moody's and s&p affirmed oneok partners' current credit ratings and revised its outlook to negative from stable.
oneok partners' commercial paper program is rated prime-2 by moody's and a-2 by s&p. oneok partners' credit ratings, which are investment grade, may be affected by a material change in financial ratios or a material event affecting its business and industry. the most common criteria for assessment of oneok partners' credit ratings are the debt-to-ebitda ratio, interest coverage, business risk profile and liquidity.
recent declines in the energy commodity price environment and its impact on oneok partners' results of operations and cash flows could cause the credit rating agencies to downgrade its credit ratings. if oneok partners' credit ratings were downgraded, the cost to borrow funds under its commercial paper program and the oneok partners credit agreement would increase, and oneok partners could potentially lose access to the commercial paper market. in the event that oneok partners is unable to borrow funds under its commercial paper program and there has not been a material adverse change in its business, oneok partners would continue to have access to the oneok partners credit agreement, which expires in january 2020. an adverse credit rating change alone is not a default under the oneok credit agreement or the oneok partners credit agreement. a downgrade in oneok partners' credit ratings would likely result in a downgrade to oneok's credit ratings. however, we would not expect a downgrade to our credit ratings to have a material impact on our results of operations.
in the normal course of business, oneok partners' counterparties provide secured and unsecured credit. in the event of a downgrade in oneok partners' credit ratings or a significant change in oneok partners' counterparties' evaluation of its creditworthiness, oneok partners could be required to provide additional collateral in the form of cash, letters of credit or other negotiable instruments as a condition of continuing to conduct business with such counterparties. oneok partners may be required to fund margin requirements with its counterparties with cash, letters of credit or other negotiable instruments.
oneok partners cash distributions - oneok partners distributes 100 percent of its available cash, as defined in its partnership agreement that generally consists of all cash receipts less adjustments for cash disbursements and net change to reserves, to its general and limited partners. distributions are allocated to the general partner and limited partners according to their partnership percentages of 2 percent and 98 percent, respectively. the effect of any incremental allocations for incentive distributions to the general partner is calculated after the allocation to the general partner's partnership interest and before the allocation to the limited partners.
in the second and third quarters of 2015, oneok partners' cash flow from operations exceeded its cash distributions. however, for the year ended december 31, 2015, oneok partners' cash distributions exceeded its cash flow from operations. as a result, oneok partners utilized cash from operations, its commercial paper program and distributions received from its equity-method investments to fund its cash distributions. we expect increases in cash flows from operations in 2016, compared with 2015, due primarily to completion of oneok partners' growth projects that we expect will provide increasing volumes in the natural gas gathering and processing and natural gas liquids segments and higher fee revenues as a result of restructured contracts that we expect will provide increasing operating income in the natural gas gathering and processing segment.
energy commodity prices - oneok partners is subject to commodity price volatility. significant fluctuations in commodity prices will affect its overall liquidity due to the impact commodity price changes have on its cash flows from operating activities, including the impact on working capital for ngls and natural gas held in storage, margin requirements and certain energy-related receivables. the decline in commodity prices has contributed to a decrease in oneok partners' common unit price. while lower commodity prices and industry uncertainty may result in increased financing costs, we believe oneok partners has secured sufficient access to the financial resources and liquidity necessary to meet its requirements for working capital, debt service payments and capital expenditures through 2016 and well into 2017. we believe that its available credit and cash and cash equivalents are adequate to meet liquidity requirements associated with commodity price volatility. see discussion under "commodity price risk" in item 7a, quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk, for information on oneok partners' hedging activities.
pension and postretirement benefit plans - information about our pension and postretirement benefits plans, including anticipated contributions, is included under note n of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this annual report.
during 2015, we made no contributions to our defined benefit pension plans, and $2.0 million in contributions to our postretirement benefit plans. we expect to make no contributions to our defined benefit pension plan and approximately $2.0 million in contributions to our postretirement plans in 2016.
cash flow analysis we use the indirect method to prepare our consolidated statements of cash flows. under this method, we reconcile net income to cash flows provided by operating activities by adjusting net income for those items that affect net income but do not
result in actual cash receipts or payments during the period and for operating cash items that do not impact net income. these reconciling items include depreciation and amortization, allowance for equity funds used during construction, gain or loss on sale of assets, deferred income taxes, equity in net earnings from investments, distributions received from unconsolidated affiliates, share-based compensation expense, other amounts and changes in our assets and liabilities not classified as investing or financing activities.
the following table sets forth the changes in cash flows by operating, investing and financing activities for the periods indicated:
operating activities                                                             $1,007.0                $1,285.6                $1,294.8
investing activities                                                             (1,190.7    )           (2,566.2    )           (2,642.0    )
financing activities                                                                108.5                 1,304.5                   912.9
operating cash flows - operating cash flows are affected by earnings from our business activities. changes in commodity prices and demand for our services or products, whether because of general economic conditions, changes in supply, changes in demand for the end products that are made with our products or increased competition from other service providers, could affect our earnings and operating cash flows.
2015 vs. 2014 - cash flows from operating activities, before changes in operating assets and liabilities, were approximately $1.16 billion in 2015, compared with $1.23 billion in 2014. the decrease was due primarily to higher interest expense and operating costs, offset partially by higher operating income provided by revenues less cost of sales and fuel at oneok partners, as discussed in "financial results and operating information."
the changes in operating assets and liabilities decreased operating cash flows by approximately $149.0 million in 2015, compared with an increase of $58.3 million in 2014. the decrease was due primarily to the billing, collection and payment of trade receivables and payables resulting from the timing of cash collections from customers and payments made to vendors and suppliers, which vary from period to period. this change is also due to the change in natural gas and ngl volumes in storage. in the first quarter 2015, oneok partners also paid $55.1 million to settle forward-starting interest-rate swaps in connection with its march 2015 debt offering.
2014 vs. 2013 - cash flows from operating activities, before changes in operating assets and liabilities, were approximately $1.2 billion in 2014, compared with $1.3 billion in 2013. the decrease was due primarily to 2013 operating activities including a full year of operations of our former natural gas distribution business, which was separated from oneok on january 31, 2014, as discussed in note b, offset partially by higher operating income from oneok partners, as discussed in "financial results and operating information."
the changes in operating assets and liabilities increased operating cash flows by approximately $58.3 million in 2014, compared with a decrease of $7.2 million in 2013. the increase was due primarily to the collection and payment of trade receivables and payables resulting from the timing of cash collections from customers and paid to vendors and suppliers, which vary from period to period. this change is also due to the change in ngl volumes in storage. these increases were offset partially by higher settlements of liabilities associated with the wind down of our former energy services business and higher imbalances.
investing cash flows - cash used in investing activities decreased for 2015, compared with 2014, due primarily to the completion of growth projects at oneok partners, the west texas lpg acquisition in 2014 and the timing of capital expenditures for oneok partners' growth projects in the natural gas gathering and processing and natural gas liquids segments, offset partially by contributions made to roadrunner in 2015. oneok partners also had an acquisition in the first quarter 2014 in the natural gas pipelines segment.
cash used in investing activities decreased for 2014, compared with 2013, due primarily to decreased capital expenditures due to the separation of one gas and lower oneok partners capital expenditures primarily in the natural gas liquids segment, due to the timing of expenditures, offset partially by the acquisition of the west texas lpg system.
financing cash flows - cash provided by financing activities decreased for 2015, compared with 2014, due primarily to repayment of short-term borrowings at oneok partners associated with completing the west texas lpg acquisition, increased distributions from oneok partners to noncontrolling interests and increased oneok dividends. additionally, oneok and oneok partners combined raised capital of approximately $1.7 billion through both debt and equity issuances, net of oneok's purchase of additional common units in oneok partners, compared with approximately $2.3 billion in 2014, which includes senior notes issued by one gas in january 2014, which at the time was our consolidated subsidiary. these were offset partially by repayments of long-term debt of approximately $7.7 million in 2015, compared with approximately $557.7 million in 2014, and oneok's repayment of approximately $564.5 million of commercial paper in 2014 with proceeds received from one gas.
cash provided by financing activities increased for 2014, compared with 2013. the increases were due primarily to the issuance of $1.2 billion of one gas debt, higher issuances of oneok partners common units and oneok partners' short-term borrowings associated with completing the west texas lpg acquisition. this was offset partially by oneok's repayment of long-term debt from the proceeds received from one gas. cash flows also were affected by increased distributions from oneok partners to noncontrolling interests and increased oneok dividends in 2014, compared with 2013.
estimates and critical accounting policies the preparation of our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures in accordance with gaap requires us to make estimates and assumptions with respect to values or conditions that cannot be known with certainty that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements. these estimates and assumptions also affect the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. although we believe these estimates and assumptions are reasonable, actual results could differ from our estimates.
the following is a summary of our most critical accounting policies, which are defined as those estimates and policies most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and requiring management's most difficult, subjective or complex judgment, particularly because of the need to make estimates concerning the impact of inherently uncertain matters. we have discussed the development and selection of our estimates and critical accounting policies with the audit committee of our board of directors.
derivatives and risk-management activities - we and oneok partners utilize derivatives to reduce our market-risk exposure to commodity price and interest-rate fluctuations and to achieve more predictable cash flows. the accounting for changes in the fair value of a derivative instrument depends on whether it qualifies and has been designated as part of a hedging relationship. when possible, we implement effective hedging strategies using derivative financial instruments that qualify as hedges for accounting purposes. we have not used derivative instruments for trading purposes.
we assess the effectiveness of hedging relationships quarterly by performing an effectiveness test on our hedging relationships to determine whether they are highly effective on a retrospective and prospective basis. we do not believe that changes in our fair value estimates of our derivative instruments have a material impact on our results of operations, as the majority of our derivatives are accounted for as cash flow hedges for which ineffectiveness is not material. however, if a derivative instrument is ineligible for cash flow hedge accounting or if we fail to appropriately designate it as a cash flow hedge, changes in fair value of the derivative instrument would be recorded currently in earnings. additionally, if a cash flow hedge ceases to qualify for hedge accounting treatment because it is no longer probable that the forecasted transaction will occur, the change in fair value of the derivative instrument would be recognized in earnings. for more information on commodity price sensitivity and a discussion of the market risk of pricing changes, see item 7a, quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk.
see notes d and e of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this annual report for additional discussion of fair value measurements and derivatives and risk-management activities.
impairment of goodwill and long-lived assets, including intangible assets - we assess our goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment at least annually on july 1, unless events or changes in circumstances indicate an impairment may have occurred before that time. while there have been sharp declines in commodity prices over the past year, oneok partners is responding to the low commodity price environment by suspending certain capital-growth projects, aligning operating costs with the needs of its crude oil and natural gas producer customers, utilizing hedging to partially mitigate the low commodity prices and actively working to increase the fee-based component in the pop with fee contracts in the natural gas gathering and processing segment, which is the segment with the most commodity price exposure. each reporting period, we assess these qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of each of the reporting units is less than its carrying amount. at july 1, 2015, due to the current commodity price environment, we elected to perform a quantitative assessment, or step 1 analysis, to test our goodwill for impairment. the assessment included the commodity price assumptions, expected contractual terms, anticipated operating costs and volume estimates. our goodwill impairment analysis performed as of july 1, 2015, did not result in an impairment charge nor did our analysis reflect any reporting units at risk. in each reporting unit, the fair value substantially exceeded its carrying value. at december 31, 2015, we performed a qualitative review given the decline in commodity prices, oneok partners' unit price and our share price since our assessment as of july 1, 2015, and determined that no event has occurred indicating that the implied fair value of each of the reporting units is less than the carrying value of its net assets.
as part of our goodwill impairment test, we may first assess qualitative factors (including macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, cost factors and overall financial performance) to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of each of our reporting units is less than its carrying amount. if further testing is necessary or a quantitative test is elected, we perform a two-step impairment test for goodwill. in the first step, an initial assessment is made by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its book value, including goodwill. if the fair value is less than the book value, an impairment is indicated, and we must perform a second test to measure the amount of the impairment. in the second test, we calculate the implied fair value of the goodwill by deducting the fair value of all tangible and intangible net assets of the reporting unit from the fair value determined in step one of the assessment. if the carrying value of the goodwill exceeds the implied fair value of the goodwill, we will record an impairment charge.
to estimate the fair value of our reporting units, we use two generally accepted valuation approaches, an income approach and a market approach, using assumptions consistent with a market participant's perspective. under the income approach, we use anticipated cash flows over a period of years plus a terminal value and discount these amounts to their present value using appropriate discount rates. under the market approach, we apply ebitda multiples to forecasted ebitda. the multiples used are consistent with historical asset transactions. the forecasted cash flows are based on average forecasted cash flows for a reporting unit over a period of years.
as part of our indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment test, we first assess qualitative factors similar to those considered in the goodwill impairment test to determine whether it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired. if further testing is necessary, we compare the estimated fair value of our indefinite-lived intangible asset with its book value. the fair value of our indefinite-lived intangible asset is estimated using the market approach. under the market approach, we apply multiples to forecasted cash flows of the assets associated with our indefinite-lived intangible asset. the multiples used are consistent with historical asset transactions. after assessing qualitative and quantitative factors, we determined that there were no impairments to our indefinite-lived intangible asset in 2015. there were also no impairment charges resulting from our 2014 or 2013 annual impairment tests.
we assess our long-lived assets, including intangible assets with finite useful lives, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that an asset's carrying amount may not be recoverable. an impairment is indicated if the carrying amount of a long-lived asset exceeds the sum of the undiscounted future cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the asset. if an impairment is indicated, we record an impairment loss equal to the difference between the carrying value and the fair value of the long-lived asset.
for the investments we account for under the equity method, the impairment test considers whether the fair value of the equity investment as a whole, not the underlying net assets, has declined and whether that decline is other than temporary. therefore, we periodically reevaluate the amount at which we carry our equity-method investments to determine whether current events or circumstances warrant adjustments to our carrying value.
impairment charges - oneok partners recorded $264.3 million and $76.4 million of noncash impairment charges, primarily related to its long-lived assets and equity investments in the dry natural gas area of the powder river basin in 2015 and 2014, respectively.
our impairment tests require the use of assumptions and estimates such as industry economic factors and the profitability of future business strategies. if actual results are not consistent with our assumptions and estimates or our assumptions and estimates change due to new information, we may be exposed to future impairment charges.
see notes f, g and p of the notes to consolidated financial statements for our long-lived assets, goodwill and equity-method investments disclosures.
pension and postretirement employee benefits - we have a defined benefit retirement plan covering certain full-time employees. we sponsor welfare plans that provide postretirement medical and life insurance benefits to certain employees who retire with at least five years of service. the expense and liability related to these plans is calculated using statistical and other factors that attempt to anticipate future events. these factors include assumptions about the discount rate, expected return on plan assets, rate of future compensation increases, age and employment periods. in determining the projected benefit obligations and costs, assumptions can change from period to period and may result in material changes in the costs and liabilities we recognize. see note n of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this annual report for additional information.
during 2015, we recorded net periodic benefit costs of $21.9 million related to our defined benefit pension and postretirement benefits plans in continuing operations.
in connection with the separation of the natural gas distribution business, oneok entered into an employee matters agreement with one gas, which provides that employees of one gas no longer participate in benefit plans sponsored or maintained by oneok, as of january 1, 2014. the oneok defined benefit pension plan and postretirement benefit plans transferred an allocable portion of assets and obligations related to those employees transferring to one gas to newly established trusts for the one gas plans. this resulted in a decrease in oneok's sponsored qualified and nonqualified pension and postretirement plan obligations of approximately $1.1 billion and a decrease in oneok's sponsored pension and postretirement plan assets of approximately $1.0 billion. additionally, as a result of the transfer of unrecognized losses to one gas, oneok's deferred income taxes and regulatory assets decreased approximately $86.0 million and $331.1 million, respectively.
we estimate that in 2016, we will record net periodic benefit costs of $17.2 million related to our defined benefit pension and postretirement benefits plans.
the following table sets forth the weighted-average assumptions used to determine our estimated 2016 net periodic benefit cost related to our defined benefit pension plans, and sensitivity to changes with respect to these assumptions.
rate used   costsensitivity (a)              obligationsensitivity (b)
(b) - approximate impact a quarter percentage point decrease in the assumed rate would have on defined benefit pension obligation.
a quarter percentage point change in either of the assumed rates would not have a significant impact on our postretirement benefit plan costs or obligation. assumed health care cost-trend rates have an effect on the amounts reported for our postretirement benefit plans. a one percentage point change in assumed health care cost trend rates would have the following effects:
effect on postretirement benefit obligation    $0.9                                      $(0.8                   )
during 2015, we made no contributions to our defined benefit pension plan and $2.0 million in contributions to our postretirement benefit plans for our continuing operations. at december 31, 2015, we expect to make no contributions to our defined benefit pension plan and approximately $2.0 million in contributions to our postretirement plans in 2016.
contingencies - our accounting for contingencies covers a variety of business activities, including contingencies for legal and environmental exposures. we accrue these contingencies when our assessments indicate that it is probable that a liability has been incurred or an asset will not be recovered and an amount can be reasonably estimated. we expense legal fees as incurred and base our legal liability estimates on currently available facts and our assessments of the ultimate outcome or resolution. accruals for estimated losses from environmental remediation obligations generally are recognized no later than the completion of a remediation feasibility study. recoveries of environmental remediation costs from other parties are recorded as assets when their receipt is deemed probable. our expenditures for environmental evaluation, mitigation, remediation and compliance to date have not been significant in relation to our financial position or results of operations, and our expenditures related to environmental matters had no material effect on earnings or cash flows during 2015, 2014 or 2013. actual results may differ from our estimates resulting in an impact, positive or negative, on earnings.
see note r of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this annual report for additional discussion of contingencies.
contractual obligations and commercial commitments the following table sets forth our contractual obligations related to debt, operating leases and other long-term obligations as of december 31, 2015. for additional discussion of the debt agreements, see note i of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report. the table below includes the contractual obligations of our former energy services business as oneok remains responsible for those obligations. the table below does not include the obligations of our former natural gas distribution business as those obligations have been transferred to and are now the responsibility of one gas as of the separation on january 31, 2014.
employee benefit plans                                                 33.0                   2.0                 9.0                10.0                12.0                   -                     -
purchase commitments, rights of way and other                         305.4                  74.3                74.1                74.4                31.2                31.3                  20.1
firm transportation and storage contracts - the natural gas gathering and processing and natural gas liquids segments are party to fixed-price contracts for firm transportation and storage capacity.
energy services firm transportation and storage contracts - these obligations include future payments related to released contracts. see additional information in note b in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
financial and physical derivatives - these are obligations arising from oneok partners' fixed- and variable-price purchase commitments for physical and financial commodity derivatives. estimated future variable-price purchase commitments are based on market information at december 31, 2015. actual future variable-price purchase obligations may vary depending on market prices at the time of delivery. sales of the related physical volumes and net positive settlements of financial derivatives are not reflected in the table above.
employee benefit plans - we expect to make no contributions to our defined benefit pension plan and approximately $2.0 million in contributions to our postretirement plans in 2016. see note n of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this annual report for discussion of our employee benefit plans.
purchase commitments, rights of way and other - purchase commitments include commitments related to oneok partners' growth capital expenditures and other rights-of-way and contractual commitments. purchase commitments exclude commodity purchase contracts, which are included in the "financial and physical derivatives" amounts.
forward-looking statements some of the statements contained and incorporated in this annual report are forward-looking statements as defined under federal securities laws. the forward-looking statements relate to our anticipated financial performance (including projected operating income, net income, capital expenditures, cash flow and projected levels of dividends and distributions), liquidity, management's plans and objectives for our future growth projects and other future operations (including plans to construct additional natural gas and natural gas liquids pipelines and processing facilities and related cost estimates), our business prospects, the outcome of regulatory and legal proceedings, market conditions and other matters. we make these forward-looking statements in reliance on the safe harbor protections provided under federal securities legislation and other applicable laws. the following discussion is intended to identify important factors that could cause future outcomes to differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements.
forward-looking statements include the items identified in the preceding paragraph, the information concerning possible or assumed future results of our operations and other statements contained or incorporated in this annual report identified by words such as "anticipate," "estimate," "expect," "project," "intend," "plan," "believe," "should," "goal," "forecast," "guidance," "could," "may," "continue," "might," "potential," "scheduled" and other words and terms of similar meaning.
one should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by forward-looking statements. those factors may affect our operations, markets, products, services and prices. in addition to any assumptions and other factors referred to specifically in connection with the forward-looking statements, factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those contemplated in any forward-looking statement include, among others, the following:
•   competition from other united states and foreign energy suppliers and transporters, as well as alternative forms of energy, including, but not limited to, solar power, wind power, geothermal energy and biofuels such as ethanol and biodiesel;
•   the capital intensive nature of our businesses;
•   the profitability of assets or businesses acquired or constructed by us;
•   our ability to make cost-saving changes in operations;
•   risks of marketing, trading and hedging activities, including the risks of changes in energy prices or the financial condition of our counterparties;
•   the timing and extent of changes in energy commodity prices;
•   the effects of changes in governmental policies and regulatory actions, including changes with respect to income and other taxes, pipeline safety, environmental compliance, climate change initiatives and authorized rates of recovery of natural gas and natural gas transportation costs;
•   the impact on drilling and production by factors beyond our control, including the demand for natural gas and crude oil; producers' desire and ability to obtain necessary permits; reserve performance; and capacity constraints on the pipelines that transport crude oil, natural gas and ngls from producing areas and our facilities;
•   changes in demand for the use of natural gas, ngls and crude oil because of market conditions caused by concerns about climate change;
•   the impact of unforeseen changes in interest rates, equity markets, inflation rates, economic recession and other external factors over which we have no control, including the effect on pension and postretirement expense and funding resulting from changes in stock and bond market returns;
•   our indebtedness could make us vulnerable to general adverse economic and industry conditions, limit our ability to borrow additional funds and/or place us at competitive disadvantages compared with our competitors that have less debt, or have other adverse consequences;
•   actions by rating agencies concerning the credit ratings of oneok and oneok partners;
•   the results of administrative proceedings and litigation, regulatory actions, rule changes and receipt of expected clearances involving any local, state or federal regulatory body, including the ferc, the national transportation safety board, the phmsa, the epa and cftc;
•   our ability to access capital at competitive rates or on terms acceptable to us;
•   risks associated with adequate supply to our gathering, processing, fractionation and pipeline facilities, including production declines that outpace new drilling or extended periods of ethane rejection;
•   the impact and outcome of pending and future litigation;
•   the ability to market pipeline capacity on favorable terms, including the effects of:
-   competitive conditions in the overall energy market;
-   availability of supplies of canadian and united states natural gas and crude oil; and
-   availability of additional storage capacity;
•   the timely receipt of approval by applicable governmental entities for construction and operation of our pipeline and other projects and required regulatory clearances;
•   our ability to acquire all necessary permits, consents or other approvals in a timely manner, to promptly obtain all necessary materials and supplies required for construction, and to construct gathering, processing, storage, fractionation and transportation facilities without labor or contractor problems;
•   the mechanical integrity of facilities operated;
•   demand for our services in the proximity of our facilities;
•   our ability to control operating costs;
•   acts of nature, sabotage, terrorism or other similar acts that cause damage to our facilities or our suppliers' or shippers' facilities;
•   the risk of a prolonged slowdown in growth or decline in the united states or international economies, including liquidity risks in united states or foreign credit markets;
•   the possibility of future terrorist attacks or the possibility or occurrence of an outbreak of, or changes in, hostilities or changes in the political conditions in the middle east and elsewhere;
•   the risk of increased costs for insurance premiums, security or other items as a consequence of terrorist attacks;
•   risks associated with pending or possible acquisitions and dispositions, including our ability to finance or integrate any such acquisitions and any regulatory delay or conditions imposed by regulatory bodies in connection with any such acquisitions and dispositions;
•   the impact of uncontracted capacity in our assets being greater or less than expected;
•   the ability to recover operating costs and amounts equivalent to income taxes, costs of property, plant and equipment and regulatory assets in our state and ferc-regulated rates;
•   the composition and quality of the natural gas and ngls we gather and process in our plants and transport on our pipelines;
•   our ability to control construction costs and completion schedules of our pipelines and other projects; and
•   the risk factors listed in the reports we have filed and may file with the sec, which are incorporated by reference.
these factors are not necessarily all of the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any of our forward-looking statements. other factors could also have material adverse effects on our future results. these and other risks are described in greater detail in part i, item 1a, risk factors, in this annual report and in our other filings that we make with the sec, which are available via the sec's website at www.sec.gov and our website at www.oneok.com. all forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by these factors. any such forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which such statement is made, and other than as required under securities laws, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement whether as a result of new information, subsequent events or change in circumstances, expectations or otherwise.