item 1a. risk factors our operations and structure involve various risks that could adversely affect our business and financial condition, including but not limited to, our financial position, results of operations, cash flow, ability to make distributions and payments to security holders and the market value of our securities. these risks relate to our consolidated company as well as our investments in unconsolidated entities and include among others, (i) general risks; (ii) risks related to our business; (iii) risks related to financing and capital and (iv) income tax risks.
general risks as a global company, we are subject to social, political and economic risks of doing business in many countries.
we conduct a significant portion of our business and employ a substantial number of people outside of the u.s. during 2015, we generated approximately $335.3 million or 15.3% of our revenue from operations outside the u.s. circumstances and developments related to international operations that could negatively affect us include, but are not limited to, the following factors:
·   difficulties and costs of staffing and managing international operations in certain regions, including differing employment practices and labor issues;
·   local businesses and cultural factors that differ from our usual standards and practices;
·   volatility in currencies and currency restrictions, which may prevent the transfer of capital and profits to the u.s.;
·   challenges in establishing effective controls and procedures to regulate operations in different regions and to monitor compliance with applicable regulations, such as the foreign corrupt practices act, the united kingdom bribery act and other similar laws;
·   unexpected changes in regulatory requirements, tax and other laws;
·   the responsibility of complying with multiple and potentially conflicting laws, e.g., with respect to corrupt practices, employment and licensing;
·   the impact of regional or country-specific business cycles and economic instability;
·   political instability, uncertainty over property rights, civil unrest, drug trafficking, political activism or the continuation or escalation of terrorist or gang activities;
·   foreign ownership restrictions in operations with the respective countries; and
·   access to capital may be more restricted, or unavailable on favorable terms or at all in certain locations.
in addition, we may be impacted by the ability of our non-u.s. subsidiaries to dividend or otherwise transfer cash among our subsidiaries, including transfers of cash to pay interest and principal on our debt, due to currency exchange control regulations, transfer pricing regulations and potentially adverse tax consequences, among other factors.
disruptions in the global capital and credit markets may adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
to the extent there is turmoil in the global financial markets, this turmoil has the potential to adversely affect (i) the value of our properties; (ii) the availability or the terms of financing that we have or may anticipate utilizing; (iii) our ability to make principal and interest payments on, or refinance any outstanding debt when due; and (iv) the ability of our customers to enter into new leasing transactions or satisfy rental payments under existing leases. disruptions in the capital and credit markets may also adversely affect our ability to make distributions and payments to our security holders and the market price of our securities.
our business and operations could suffer in the event of system failures or cyber security attacks.
despite system redundancy, the implementation of security measures and the existence of a disaster recovery plan for our internal information technology systems, our systems are vulnerable to damages from any number of sources, including energy blackouts, natural disasters, terrorism, war, telecommunication failures and cyber security attacks, such as computer viruses or unauthorized access. any system failure or accident that causes interruptions in our operations could result in a material disruption to our business. we may also incur additional costs to remedy damages caused by such disruptions. any compromise of our security could result in a violation of applicable privacy and other laws, unauthorized access to information of ours and others, significant legal and financial exposure, damage to our reputation, loss or misuse of the information and a loss of confidence in our security measures, which could harm our business.
risks associated with our dependence on key personnel.
we depend on the deep industry knowledge and the efforts of our executive officers and other key employees. from time to time, our personnel and their roles may change. while we believe that we are able to retain our key talent and find suitable employees to meet our personnel needs, the loss of key personnel, any change in their roles or the limitation of their availability could adversely affect our business. if we are unable to continue to attract and retain our executive officers, or if compensation costs required to attract and retain key employees become more expensive, our performance and competitive position could be materially adversely affected.
our business could be adversely impacted if we have deficiencies in our disclosure controls and procedures or internal control over financial reporting.
the design and effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting may not prevent all errors, misstatements or misrepresentations. while management continually reviews the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, there can be no guarantee that our internal control over financial reporting will be effective in accomplishing all control objectives all of the time. deficiencies, including any material weakness, in our internal control over financial reporting that may occur in the future could result in misstatements or restatements of our financial statements or a decline in the price of our securities.
the depreciation in the value of the foreign currency in countries where we have a significant investment may adversely affect our results of operations and financial position.
we pursue growth opportunities in international markets where the u.s. dollar is not the functional currency. at december 31, 2015, approximately $6.3 billion or 20.1% of our total assets are invested in a currency other than the u.s. dollar, primarily the british pound sterling, euro and japanese yen. as a result, we are subject to foreign currency risk due to potential fluctuations in exchange rates between foreign currencies and the u.s. dollar. a significant change in the value of the foreign currency of one or more countries where we have a significant investment may have a material adverse effect on our business and, in particular, our u.s. dollar reported financial position and results of operations and debt covenant ratios. although we attempt to mitigate adverse effects by borrowing under debt agreements denominated in foreign currencies and using derivative contracts, there can be no assurance that those attempts to mitigate foreign currency risk will be successful.
our hedging of foreign currency and interest rate risk may not effectively limit our exposure to other risks.
hedging arrangements involve risks, such as the risk of fluctuation in the relative value of the foreign currency or interest rates and the risk that counterparties may fail to honor their obligations under these arrangements. the funds required to settle such arrangements could be significant depending on the stability and movement of the hedged foreign currency or the size of the underlying financing and the applicable interest rates at the time of the breakage. the failure to hedge effectively against exchange rate changes or interest rate changes may adversely affect our business.
compliance or failure to comply with regulatory requirements could result in substantial costs.
we are required to comply with many regulations in different countries, including (but not limited to) the foreign corrupt practices act, the united kingdom bribery act and similar laws and regulations. our properties are also subject to various federal, state and local regulatory requirements, such as the americans with disabilities act and state and local fire and life-safety requirements. noncompliance could result in the imposition of governmental fines or the award of damages to private litigants. while we believe that we are currently in material compliance with these regulatory requirements, the requirements may change or new requirements may be imposed that could require significant unanticipated expenditures by us. if we are required to make unanticipated expenditures to comply with these regulations we may be adversely affected.
risks related to our business real estate investments are not as liquid as certain other types of assets, which may reduce economic returns to investors.
real estate investments are not as liquid as certain other types of investments and this lack of liquidity may limit our ability to react promptly to changes in economic or other conditions. significant expenditures associated with real estate investments, such as secured mortgage payments, real estate taxes and maintenance costs, are generally not reduced when circumstances cause a reduction in income from the investments. as a reit, under the internal revenue code, we are only able to hold property for sale in the ordinary course of business through taxable reit subsidiaries in order to not incur punitive taxation on any tax gain from the sale of such property. we may dispose of certain properties that have been held for investment to generate liquidity. if we do not satisfy certain safe harbors or we believe there is too much risk of incurring the punitive tax on any tax gain from the sale, we may not pursue such sales.
we may decide to sell properties to certain of our unconsolidated co-investment ventures or third parties to generate proceeds to fund our capital deployment activities. our ability to sell properties on advantageous terms is affected by: (i) competition from other owners of properties that are trying to dispose of their properties; (ii) market conditions, including the capitalization rates applicable to our properties; and (iii) other factors beyond our control. if our competitors sell assets similar to assets we intend to divest in the same markets or at valuations below our valuations for comparable assets, we may be unable to divest our assets at favorable pricing or at all. the unconsolidated co-investment venture or third party who might acquire our properties may need to have access to debt and equity capital, in the private and public markets, in order to acquire properties from us. should they have limited or no access to capital on favorable terms, then dispositions could be delayed.
if we do not have sufficient cash available to us through our operations, sales or contributions of properties or available credit facilities to continue operating our business as usual, we may need to find alternative ways to increase our liquidity. such alternatives may include, without limitation, divesting ourselves of properties, whether or not they otherwise meet our strategic objectives to keep in the long term, at less than optimal terms, incurring debt, entering into leases with new customers at lower rental rates or less than optimal terms or entering into lease renewals with our existing customers without an increase in rental rates. there can be no assurance, however, that such alternative ways to increase our liquidity will be available to us. additionally, taking such measures to increase our liquidity may adversely affect our business, and in particular, our distributable cash flow and debt covenants.
our investments are concentrated in the industrial distribution sector and our business would be adversely affected by an economic downturn in that sector.
our investments in real estate assets are primarily concentrated in the industrial distribution sector. this concentration may expose us to the risk of economic downturns in this sector to a greater extent than if our business activities were more diversified.
general economic conditions and other events or occurrences that affect areas in which our properties are geographically concentrated, may impact financial results.
we are exposed to general economic conditions, local, regional, national and international economic conditions and other events and occurrences that affect the markets in which we own properties. our operating performance is further impacted by the economic conditions of the specific markets in which we have concentrations of properties.
at december 31, 2015, approximately 31.9% of our consolidated operating properties or $7.7 billion (based on gross book value, or investment before depreciation) are located in california, which represented 25.1% of the aggregate square footage of our operating properties and 31.0% of our net operating income. our revenue from, and the value of, our properties located in california may be affected by local real estate conditions (such as an oversupply of or reduced demand for industrial properties) and the local economic climate. business layoffs, downsizing, industry slowdowns, changing demographics and other factors may adversely impact california's economic climate. because of the number of properties we have located in california, a downturn in california's economy or real estate conditions could adversely affect our business.
in addition to california, we also have significant holdings (defined as more than 3.0% of total investment before depreciation) in operating properties in certain global and regional markets located in atlanta, central and eastern pennsylvania, chicago, dallas/fort worth, new jersey/new york city, and south florida. our operating performance could be adversely affected if conditions become less favorable in any of the markets in which we have a concentration of properties. conditions such as an oversupply of distribution space or a reduction in demand for distribution space, among other factors, may impact operating conditions. any material oversupply of distribution space or material reduction in demand for distribution space could adversely affect our overall business.
in addition, our owned and managed portfolio, including the unconsolidated co-investment ventures in which we invest, has concentrations of properties in the same markets mentioned above, as well as in markets in france, germany, japan, mexico and the united kingdom, and are subject to the economic conditions in those markets.
a number of our investments, both wholly-owned and owned through co-investment ventures, are located in areas that are known to be subject to earthquake activity. u.s. properties located in active seismic areas include properties in the san francisco bay area, los angeles, and seattle. international properties located in active seismic areas include japan and mexico. we generally carry earthquake insurance on our properties located in areas historically subject to seismic activity, subject to coverage limitations and deductibles, if we believe it is commercially reasonable. we evaluate our earthquake insurance coverage annually in light of current industry practice through an analysis prepared by outside consultants and in some specific instances have elected to self-insure our earthquake exposure based on this analysis. we have elected not to carry earthquake insurance for our assets in japan based on this analysis.
furthermore, a number of our properties are located in areas that are known to be subject to hurricane or flood risk. we carry hurricane and flood hazard insurance on all of our properties located in areas historically subject to such activity, subject to coverage limitations and deductibles, if we believe it is commercially reasonable. we evaluate our insurance coverage annually in light of current industry practice through an analysis prepared by outside consultants.
investments in real estate properties are subject to risks that could adversely affect our business.
investments in real estate properties are subject to varying degrees of risk. while we seek to minimize these risks through geographic diversification of our portfolio, market research and our asset management capabilities, these risks cannot be eliminated. factors that may affect real estate values include:
·   local conditions, such as a reduction in demand for distribution space in an area due to oversupply and obsolescence, such as changes in technology, may impact the supply chain for ourselves and our customers;
·   the attractiveness of our properties to potential customers and competition from other available properties;
·   increasing costs of maintaining, insuring, renovating and making improvements to our properties;
·   our ability to rehabilitate and reposition our properties due to changes in the business needs of our customers;
·   our ability to control rents and variable operating costs; and
·   governmental regulations and the associated potential liability under, and changes in, environmental, zoning, usage, tax and other laws.
our operating results and distributable cash flow would be adversely affected if a significant number of our customers were unable to meet their lease obligations. we are also subject to the risk that, upon the expiration of leases for space located in our properties, leases may not be renewed by existing customers, the space may not be
re-leased to new customers or the terms of renewal or re-leasing (including the cost of required renovations or concessions to customers) may be less favorable to us than current lease terms. our competitors may offer space at rental rates below current market rates or below the rental rates we currently charge our customers, we may lose potential customers, and we may be pressured to reduce our rental rates below those we currently charge to retain customers when our customers' leases expire. in the event of default by a significant number of customers, we may experience delays and incur substantial costs in enforcing our rights as landlord, and we may be unable to re-lease spaces. a customer may experience a downturn in its business, which may cause the loss of the customer or may weaken its financial condition, resulting in the customer's failure to make rental payments when due or requiring a restructuring that might reduce cash flow from the lease. in addition, a customer may seek the protection of bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws, which could result in the rejection and termination of such customer's lease and thereby cause a reduction in our available cash flow.
we may acquire properties, which involves risks that could adversely affect our business and financial condition.
we have acquired properties and will continue to acquire properties, both through the direct acquisition of real estate and through the acquisition of entities that own the real estate and through additional investments in co-investment ventures that acquire properties. the acquisition of properties involves risks, including the risk that the acquired property will not perform as anticipated and that any actual costs for rehabilitation, repositioning, renovation and improvements identified in the pre-acquisition due diligence process will exceed estimates. when we acquire properties, we may face risks associated with a lack of market knowledge or understanding of the local economy, forging new business relationships in the area and unfamiliarity with local government and permitting procedures. additionally, there is, and it is expected there will continue to be, significant competition for properties that meet our investment criteria as well as risks associated with obtaining financing for acquisition activities. the acquired properties or entities may be subject to liabilities, which may be without any recourse, or with only limited recourse, with respect to unknown liabilities. as a result, if a liability were asserted against us based on ownership of any of these entities or properties, then we may have to pay substantial sums to settle it.
our real estate development strategies may not be successful.
our real estate development strategy is focused on monetizing land in the future through sales to third parties, development of industrial properties to hold for long-term investment or contribution or sale to a co-investment venture or third party, depending on market conditions, our liquidity needs and other factors. we may increase our investment in the development, renovation and redevelopment business and we expect to complete the build-out and leasing of our current development portfolio. we may also develop, renovate and redevelop properties within existing or newly formed co-investment ventures. the real estate development, renovation and redevelopment business includes the following significant risks:
·   we may not be able to obtain financing for development projects on favorable terms or at all;
·   we may explore development opportunities that may be abandoned and the related investment impaired;
·   we may not be able to obtain, or may experience delays in obtaining, all necessary zoning, land-use, building, occupancy and other governmental permits and authorizations;
·   we may have construction costs, total investment amounts and our share of remaining funding that exceed our estimates and projects may not be completed, delivered or stabilized as planned due to defects or other issues;
·   we may not be able to attract third-party investment in new development co-investment ventures or sufficient customer demand for our product;
·   we may have properties that perform below anticipated levels, producing cash flow below budgeted amounts;
·   we may seek to sell certain land parcels and not be able to find a third party to acquire such land or the sales price will not allow us to recover our investment, resulting in impairment charges;
·   we may not be able to capture the anticipated enhanced value created by our value-added properties on expected timetables or at all;
·   we may experience delays (temporary or permanent) if there is public or government opposition to our activities; and
·   we may have substantial renovation, new development and redevelopment activities, regardless of their ultimate success, that require a significant amount of management's time and attention, diverting their attention from our day-to-day operations.
we are subject to risks and liabilities in connection with forming co-investment ventures, investing in new or existing co-investment ventures, attracting third-party investment and investing in and managing properties through co-investment ventures.
at december 31, 2015, we had investments in real estate containing approximately 393 million square feet held through co-investment ventures, both public and private. our organizational documents do not limit the amount of available funds that we may invest in these ventures, and we may and currently intend to develop and acquire properties through co-investment ventures and investments in other entities when warranted by the circumstances. however, there can be no assurance that we will be able to form new co-investment ventures, or attract third-party investment or that additional investments in new or existing ventures to develop or acquire properties will be successful. further, there can be no assurance that we are able to realize value from such investments.
our co-investment ventures involve certain additional risks that we do not otherwise face, including:
·   our partners may share certain approval rights over major decisions made on behalf of the ventures;
·   if our partners fail to fund their share of any required capital contributions, then we may choose to contribute such capital;
·   our partners might have economic or other business interests or goals that are inconsistent with our business interests or goals that would affect our ability to operate the property;
·   the venture or other governing agreements often restrict the transfer of an interest in the co-investment venture or may otherwise restrict our ability to sell the interest when we desire or on advantageous terms;
·   our relationships with our partners are generally contractual in nature and may be terminated or dissolved under the terms of the agreements, and in such event, we may not continue to manage or invest in the assets underlying such relationships resulting in reduced fee revenue or causing a need to purchase such interest to continue ownership; and
·   disputes between us and our partners may result in litigation or arbitration that would increase our expenses and prevent our officers and directors from focusing their time and effort on our business and result in subjecting the properties owned by the applicable co-investment venture to additional risk.
we generally seek to maintain sufficient influence over our co-investment ventures to permit us to achieve our business objectives; however, we may not be able to continue to do so indefinitely. we have formed publicly traded investment vehicles, such as npr and fibra prologis, for which we serve as sponsor or manager. we have contributed, and may continue to contribute, assets into such vehicles. there is a risk that our managerial relationship may be terminated.
we are exposed to various environmental risks, including the potential impacts of future climate change, which may result in unanticipated losses that could affect our business and financial condition.
under various federal, state and local laws, ordinances and regulations, a current or previous owner, developer or operator of real estate may be liable for the costs of removal or remediation of certain hazardous or toxic substances. the costs of removal or remediation of such substances could be substantial. such laws often impose liability without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the release or presence of such hazardous substances. in addition, third parties may sue the owner or operator of a site for damages based on personal injury, property damage or other costs, including investigation and clean-up costs, resulting from the environmental contamination.
environmental laws in some countries, including the u.s., also require that owners or operators of buildings containing asbestos properly manage and maintain the asbestos, adequately inform or train those who may come into contact with asbestos and undertake special precautions, including removal or other abatement, in the event that asbestos is disturbed during building renovation or demolition. these laws may impose fines and penalties on building owners or operators who fail to comply with these requirements and may allow third parties to seek recovery from owners or operators for personal injury associated with exposure to asbestos. some of our properties are known to contain asbestos-containing building materials.
in addition, some of our properties are leased or have been leased, in part, to owners and operators of businesses that use, store or otherwise handle petroleum products or other hazardous or toxic substances, creating a potential for the release of such hazardous or toxic substances. furthermore, certain of our properties are on, adjacent to or near other properties that have contained or currently contain petroleum products or other hazardous or toxic substances, or upon which others have engaged, are engaged or may engage in activities that may release such hazardous or toxic substances. from time to time, we may acquire properties, or interests in properties, with known adverse environmental conditions for which we believe that the environmental liabilities associated with these conditions are quantifiable and that the acquisition will yield a superior risk-adjusted return. in connection with certain divested properties, we have agreed to remain responsible for, and to bear the cost of, remediating or monitoring certain environmental conditions on the properties.
we are also exposed to potential physical risks from possible future changes in climate. our distribution facilities may be exposed to rare catastrophic weather events, such as severe storms or floods. if the frequency of extreme weather events increases due to climate change, our exposure to these events could increase. we do not currently consider ourselves to be exposed to regulatory risks related to climate change, as our operations generally do not emit a significant amount of greenhouse gases. however, we may be adversely impacted as a real estate developer in the future by potential impacts to the supply chain or stricter energy efficiency standards for buildings. we cannot give any assurance that other such conditions do not exist or may not arise in the future. the presence of such substances on our real estate properties could adversely affect our ability to lease, develop or sell such properties or to borrow using such properties as collateral, and this may have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition, and in particular, our distributable cash flow.
we and our unconsolidated co-investment ventures carry insurance coverage including property damage and rental loss insurance resulting from certain perils such as fire and additional perils as covered under an extended coverage policy, namely windstorm, flood, earthquake and terrorism; commercial general liability insurance; and environmental insurance, as appropriate for the markets where each of our properties and business operations are located. the insurance coverage contains policy specifications and insured limits customarily carried for similar properties, business activities and markets. we believe our properties and the properties of our unconsolidated co-investment ventures are adequately insured. certain losses, however, including losses from floods, earthquakes, acts of war, acts of terrorism or riots, generally are not insured against or generally are not fully insured against because it is not deemed economically feasible or prudent to do so. if an uninsured loss or a loss in excess of insured limits occurs with respect to one or more of our properties, we could experience a significant loss of capital invested and future revenues in these properties and could potentially remain obligated under any recourse debt associated with the property.
furthermore, we cannot be sure that the insurance companies will be able to continue to offer products with sufficient coverage at commercially reasonable rates. if we experience a loss that is uninsured or that exceeds insured limits with respect to one or more of our properties or if the insurance companies fail to meet their coverage commitments to us in the event of an insured loss, then we could lose the capital invested in the damaged properties, as well as the anticipated future revenue from those properties and, if there is recourse debt, then we would remain obligated for any mortgage debt or other financial obligations related to the properties. any such losses or higher insurance costs could adversely affect our business.
risks related to financing and capital we may be unable to refinance our debt or our cash flow may be insufficient to make required debt payments.
we are subject to risks normally associated with debt financing, including the risk that our cash flow will be insufficient to meet required payments of principal and interest. there can be no assurance that we will be able to refinance any maturing indebtedness, that such refinancing would be on terms as favorable as the terms of the maturing indebtedness, or that we will be able to otherwise obtain funds by selling assets or raising equity to make required payments on maturing indebtedness. if we are unable to refinance our indebtedness at maturity or meet our payment obligations, our business and financial condition will be negatively impacted and, if the maturing debt is secured, the lender may foreclose on the property securing such indebtedness. our credit facilities and certain other debt bears interest at variable rates. increases in interest rates would increase our interest expense under these agreements.
covenants in our credit agreements could limit our flexibility and breaches of these covenants could adversely affect our financial condition.
the terms of our various credit agreements, including our credit facilities, the indentures under which our senior notes are issued and other note agreements, require us to comply with a number of customary financial covenants, such as maintaining debt service coverage, leverage ratios, fixed charge ratios and other operating covenants including maintaining insurance coverage. these covenants may limit our flexibility to run our business, and breaches of these covenants could result in defaults under the instruments governing the applicable indebtedness. if we default under the covenant provisions and are unable to cure the default, refinance the indebtedness or meet payment obligations, our business and financial condition generally and, in particular, the amount of our distributable cash flow could be adversely affected.
adverse changes in our credit ratings could negatively affect our financing activity.
the credit ratings of our senior unsecured notes and preferred stock are based on our operating performance, liquidity and leverage ratios, overall financial position and other factors employed by the credit rating agencies in their rating analyses of us. our credit ratings can affect the amount of capital we can access, as well as the terms and pricing of any debt we may incur. there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain our current credit ratings, and in the event our credit ratings are downgraded, we would likely incur higher borrowing costs and may encounter difficulty in obtaining additional financing. also, a downgrade in our credit ratings may trigger additional payments or other negative consequences under our credit facilities and other debt instruments. adverse changes in our credit ratings could negatively impact our business and, in particular, our refinancing and other capital market activities, our ability to manage debt maturities, our future growth and our development and acquisition activity.
at december 31, 2015, our credit ratings were baa1 from moody's and bbb+ from s&p, both with outlook stable. a securities rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and is subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the rating organization.
we depend on external sources of capital.
to qualify as a reit, we are required each year to distribute to our stockholders at least 90% of our reit taxable income (determined without regard to the dividends-paid deduction and by excluding any net capital gain) and we may be subject to tax to the extent our taxable income is not fully distributed. historically, we have satisfied these distribution requirements by making cash distributions to our stockholders, but we may choose to satisfy these requirements by making distributions of cash or other property, including, in limited circumstances, our own stock. for distributions with respect to taxable years that ended on or before december 31, 2015, and in some cases declared as late as december 31, 2016, a reit can satisfy up to 90% of the distribution requirements discussed above through the distribution of shares of our stock if certain conditions are met. assuming we continue to satisfy these distribution requirements with cash, we may not be able to fund all future capital needs, including acquisition and development activities, from cash retained from operations and may have to rely on third-party sources of capital. furthermore, to maintain our reit status and not have to pay federal income and excise taxes, we may need to borrow funds on a short-term basis to meet the reit distribution requirements even if the then-prevailing market conditions are not favorable for these borrowings. these short-term borrowing needs could result from differences in timing between the actual receipt of cash and inclusion of income for federal income tax purposes, or the effect of nondeductible capital expenditures, the creation of reserves or required debt or amortization payments. our ability to access debt and equity capital on favorable terms or at all depends on a number of factors, including general market conditions, the market's perception of our growth potential, our current and potential future earnings and cash distributions and the market price of our securities.
our stockholders may experience dilution if we issue additional common stock or units in the operating partnership.
any additional future issuance of common stock or operating partnership units will reduce the percentage of our common stock and units owned by investors. in most circumstances, stockholders and unitholders will not be entitled to vote on whether or not we issue additional common stock or units. in addition, depending on the terms and pricing of any additional offering of our common stock or units and the value of the properties, our stockholders and unitholders may experience dilution in both book value and fair value of their common stock or units.
income tax risks the failure of prologis, inc. to qualify as a reit would have serious adverse consequences.
prologis, inc. elected to be taxed as a reit under sections 856 through 860 of the internal revenue code commencing with the taxable year ended december 31, 1997. we believe we have operated prologis, inc. to qualify as a reit under the internal revenue code and believe that the current organization and method of operation comply with the rules and regulations promulgated under the internal revenue code to enable prologis, inc. to continue to qualify as a reit. however, it is possible that we are organized or have operated in a manner that would not allow prologis, inc. to qualify as a reit, or that our future operations could cause prologis, inc. to fail to qualify. qualification as a reit requires us to satisfy numerous requirements (some annually and others on a quarterly basis) established under highly technical and complex sections of the internal revenue code for which there are only limited judicial and administrative interpretations, and involves the determination of various factual matters and circumstances not entirely within our control. for example, to qualify as a reit, prologis, inc. must derive at least 95% of its gross income in any year from qualifying sources. in addition, prologis, inc. must pay dividends to its stockholders aggregating annually at least 90% of its taxable income (determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and by excluding capital gains) and must satisfy specified asset tests on a quarterly basis. the provisions of the internal revenue code and applicable treasury regulations regarding qualification as a reit are more complicated for prologis, inc. because we hold assets through the operating partnership.
if prologis, inc. fails to qualify as a reit in any taxable year, we will be required to pay federal income tax (including any applicable alternative minimum tax) on taxable income at regular corporate rates. unless we are entitled to relief under certain statutory provisions, prologis, inc. would be disqualified from treatment as a reit for the four taxable years following the year in which it lost the qualification. if prologis, inc. lost its reit status, our net earnings would be significantly reduced for each of the years involved.
furthermore, we own a direct or indirect interest in certain subsidiary reits that elected to be taxed as reits under sections 856 through 860 of the internal revenue code. provided that each subsidiary reit qualifies as a reit, our interest in such subsidiary reit will be treated as a qualifying real estate asset for purposes of the reit asset tests, and any dividend income or gains derived by us from such subsidiary reit will generally be treated as income that qualifies for purposes of the reit gross income tests. to qualify as a reit, the subsidiary reit must independently satisfy all of the reit qualification requirements. if such subsidiary reit were to fail to qualify as a reit, and certain relief provisions did not apply, it would be treated as a regular taxable corporation and its income would be subject to u.s. federal income tax. in addition, a failure of the subsidiary reit to qualify as a reit would have an adverse effect on the ability of prologis, inc. to comply with the reit income and asset tests, and thus its ability to qualify as a reit.
certain property transfers may generate prohibited transaction income, resulting in a penalty tax on gain attributable to the transaction.
from time to time, we may transfer or otherwise dispose of some of our properties, including by contributing properties to our co-investment ventures. under the internal revenue code, any gain resulting from transfers of properties we hold as inventory or primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business is treated as income from a prohibited transaction subject to a 100% penalty tax. we do not believe that our transfers or disposals of property or our contributions of properties into our co-investment ventures are prohibited transactions. however, whether property is held for investment purposes is a question of fact that depends on all the facts and circumstances surrounding the particular transaction. the internal revenue service may contend that certain transfers or dispositions of properties by us or contributions of properties into our co-investment ventures are prohibited transactions. while we believe that the internal revenue service would not prevail in any such dispute, if the internal revenue code were to argue successfully that a transfer, disposition or contribution of property constituted a prohibited transaction, we would be required to pay a 100% penalty tax on any gain allocable to us from the prohibited transaction. in addition, income from a prohibited transaction might adversely affect our ability to satisfy the income tests for qualification as a reit.
legislative or regulatory action could adversely affect us.
in recent years, numerous legislative, judicial and administrative changes have been made to the u.s. and foreign income tax laws applicable to investments in real estate, reits, similar entities and investments. additional changes are likely to continue to occur in the future, both in and outside of the u.s. and may impact our taxation or that of our stockholders.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report and the matters described under item 1a. risk factors.
management's overview we believe the scale and quality of our operating platform, the skills of our team and the strength of our balance sheet gives us unique competitive advantages. our plan to grow revenue, earnings, net operating income ("noi"), cash flows and core ffo (see below for definition of core ffo and a complete reconciliation to net earnings) is based on the following:
·   rising rents. market rents are increasing across many of our markets. we expect rent growth to continue as demand for logistics facilities is strong in many markets across the globe. because many of our leases originated during low rent periods following the global financial crisis, in-place leases have room for growth, which translates into increased earnings, noi and cash flow both on a consolidated basis and through the amounts we recognize from our unconsolidated co-investment ventures based on our ownership share. we had positive rent change on rollovers (when comparing the net effective rent of the new lease to the prior lease for the same space) on our owned and managed operating portfolio every quarter for the last three years. we had quarterly increases from 9.5% to 14.4% during 2015.
·   value creation from development. we believe a successful development program involves maintaining control of well-positioned land. on the basis of our current estimates, our owned and managed land bank has the potential to support the development of more than 154 million additional square feet of industrial space. we believe the carrying value of our land bank is below its current fair value, and we expect to realize this value going forward through development of our strategic land and dispositions of nonstrategic land. during 2015, in our owned and managed portfolio, we stabilized development projects with a tei of $1.8 billion. post stabilization, we estimate the value of these buildings will be approximately 32% more than their book value or the cost to develop (defined as estimated margin and calculated using estimated yield and capitalization rates from our underwriting models).
·   economies of scale from growth in assets under management. we believe we have the infrastructure that will allow us to increase our investments in real estate, with minimal increases to general and administrative ("g&amp;a") expenses. during 2015, our owned and managed real estate assets increased through the acquisition of 73.7 million square feet of operating properties, principally through the acquisition of the real estate portfolio of ktr capital partners and its affiliates ("ktr"). we completed and integrated this acquisition with minimal increases in gross overhead that were related to property management functions.
during the year ended december 31, 2015, we completed the following activities as further described in the consolidated financial statements:
·   in may, we acquired the real estate assets and operating platform of ktr. the portfolio consisted of 315 operating properties aggregating 59 million square feet, 3.6 million square feet of properties under development and land parcels that will support an estimated build out of 6.8 million square feet. the total assets were valued at $5.8 billion. the properties were acquired by our consolidated co-investment venture prologis u.s. logistics venture ("uslv"), of which we own 55%. the acquisition was funded through cash, the assumption of debt and the issuance of 4.5 million common limited partnership units in the operating partnership.
·   in connection with an acquisition of a portfolio of properties in october, we issued 9.1 million units in the operating partnership, which included 8.9 million units of a new class of common limited partnership units in the operating partnership designated as class a convertible common limited partnership units ("class a units") in connection with an acquisition, for a total value of $371.6 million.
·   we issued $1.5 billion in senior notes, entered into $1.8 billion unsecured senior term loans and repurchased and tendered several series of senior notes for $0.7 billion. see further discussion on these transactions and other debt activity in the liquidity and capital resources section below.
·   we generated net proceeds of $3.2 billion and net gains of $758.9 million from the contribution and disposition of real estate investments. the gains were driven by dispositions to third parties of $609.9 million, primarily in the united states, and property contributions of $149.0 million, primarily in europe.
·   in march, the holders of the exchangeable notes exchanged $459.8 million of their notes for 11.9 million shares of common stock of the parent and $0.2 million of their notes for cash.
we had significant development activity and strong operating metrics in 2015. see below, in our owned and managed portfolio section, for details of our development and operating activity.
results of operations real estate operations this operating segment includes rental revenue and rental expense recognized from our consolidated operating properties. we had significant real estate activity during 2015 and 2014 that impacted the size of our consolidated portfolio. the 2015 results include approximately seven months of noi from the properties acquired in the ktr acquisition (see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for further detail on this transaction). the operating fundamentals in the markets in which we operate have been improving, which has positively affected both the occupancy and rental rates we have experienced and also has fueled development activity. this operating segment also includes revenue from land we own and lease to customers and development management and other revenue, net of acquisition, disposition and land holding costs.
real estate operations noi for the years ended december 31 was as follows (dollars in millions):
detail of our consolidated operating properties for the years ended december 31 was as follows (square feet in millions):
·   capital deployment activity within the portfolio, which included acquisitions, development stabilizations, contributions to co-investment ventures and dispositions to third parties, affected noi as follows:
2015 as compared with 2014 ($236.9 million net increase)
o   ktr acquisition during the second quarter of 2015:
§   $24.7 million decrease from acquisition costs associated with the transaction,
§   approximately 45% of all ktr activity is offset in less net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests in the consolidated statements of income attributable to our venture partner's share;
o   consolidation of prologis north american industrial fund ("naif") during the fourth quarter of 2014: $153.1 million increase; of which approximately 34% of all activity is offset in less net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests;
o   other acquisitions and development activity: $53.3 million increase;
o   contribution activity: $56.4 million decrease;
o   disposition activity: $41.8 million decrease; and
o   $22.3 million decrease from increased acquisition costs, excluding ktr.
2014 as compared with 2013 ($63.7 million net decrease)
o   acquisitions and development activity: $84.8 million increase;
o   contribution activity: $140.3 million decrease; and
o   disposition activity: $44.0 million decrease.
·   noi increased due to an increase in average occupancy in our operating properties of 80 basis points in 2015 from 2014 and 90 basis points in 2014 from 2013. the ktr properties were 89.2% occupied at the time of the acquisition, which decreased our average and period-end occupancy slightly.
·   we leased a total of 94.7 million square feet, or 29.7% of our average portfolio; 72.9 million square feet, or 27.5% of our average portfolio and 87.6 million square feet, or 32.1% of our average portfolio; during 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
·   we recognize changes in rental revenue from contractual rent increases on existing leases. we recognize the total rental revenue under the lease on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease which includes all known contractual changes. if a lease has a contractual rent increase that is not known at the time the lease is signed, such as the consumer price index or a similar metric, the rent increase is not included in rent leveling; therefore, any rent increase will impact the rental revenue we recognize.
·   we experienced an increase in rental rates on the turnover of existing leases every quarter since 2012 that has resulted in higher average rental rates in our portfolio and increased rental revenue and noi as those leases commenced.
·   under the terms of our lease agreements, we are able to recover the majority of our rental expenses from customers. rental expense recoveries, included in both rental revenue and rental expenses, were 80.5%, 81.0% and 73.4% of total rental expenses for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
·   we adopted a new accounting standard, effective january 1, 2014, that changed the criteria for classifying and reporting discontinued operations. the results of the third-party dispositions remained in continuing operations in 2015 and 2014, whereas in 2013, the results were reclassified to discontinued operations and not included in real estate operations.
strategic capital this operating segment includes revenue from fees and promotes earned for services performed for our unconsolidated co-investment ventures. this revenue is reduced generally by the direct costs associated with the asset management of these ventures and allocated property-level management costs for the properties owned by the ventures. revenue associated with the strategic capital segment fluctuates because of the size of co-investment ventures under management, the transactional activity in the venture and the timing of promotes.
strategic capital noi for the years ended december 31 was as follows (in millions):
asset management and other fees                                         $50.8                 $51.5                $52.0
leasing commissions, acquisition and other transaction fees              10.9                  12.3                 14.1
strategic capital expenses (1)                                          (47.5   )             (53.1   )            (53.7   )
asset management and other fees                                          71.3                  70.5                 53.2
leasing commissions, acquisition and other transaction fees              12.0                  16.0                 10.6
strategic capital expenses                                              (26.1   )             (29.2   )            (22.5   )
asset management and other fees                                          31.8                  32.3                 29.9
leasing commissions, acquisition and other transaction fees               4.1                   5.9                 13.3
strategic capital expenses                                              (14.9   )             (14.1   )            (13.1   )
strategic capital - noi                                                $121.9                $123.4                $90.2
(1)   strategic capital expenses for the americas include employees who are employed in an office in the americas who may also support other regions.
the following assets under management were held through our unconsolidated co-investment ventures at december 31 (dollars and square feet in millions):
total assets                $6,890          $7,056          $8,004
total assets               $11,343         $11,440         $11,800
total assets                $4,320          $4,120          $4,014
total assets               $22,553         $22,616         $23,818
the following were the key drivers of strategic capital noi:
·   we contributed 31, 126 and 254 properties to several co-investment ventures during 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
·   the unconsolidated co-investment ventures acquired 43, 81 and 57 properties from third parties during 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
·   in december 2015, we earned two promotes aggregating $56.6 million, principally from our co-investment venture prologis european logistics partners sàrl ("pelp"). of that amount, $29.5 million represented the third-party investors' portion and is reflected in strategic capital revenue in the consolidated statements of income.
·   in june 2014, we earned a promote of $42.1 million from our co-investment venture prologis targeted u.s. logistics fund ("uslf"). of that amount, $31.3 million represented the third-party investors' portion and is reflected in strategic capital revenue.
·   we acquired a controlling interest in our co-investment venture naif in the fourth quarter of 2014 and began consolidating the venture.
·   we formed the co-investment venture fibra prologis in mexico in june 2014, and in connection with this transaction, we concluded the prologis mexico industrial fund.
·   the amounts presented for europe and asia are shown in u.s. dollars and were impacted by fluctuations in exchange rates, primarily the euro, british pound sterling and japanese yen to u.s. dollar. we have hedged the majority of our investment in euro, british pound sterling, and japanese yen through outstanding debt and derivative instruments that offset the majority of these fluctuations.
the direct costs associated with strategic capital totaled $88.4 million, $96.5 million and $89.3 million for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively, and are included in the line item strategic capital expenses in the consolidated statements of income. the fluctuations in strategic capital expenses were due to the timing of promotes and the payment of the related bonus pursuant to the terms of the prologis promote plan and due to the size of our co-investment ventures.
see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on our unconsolidated co-investment ventures.
our owned and managed properties we manage our business on an owned and managed basis including properties wholly owned by us or owned by one of our co-investment ventures. as further discussed, we believe that the operating fundamentals of our owned and managed portfolio are consistent with those of our consolidated portfolio. the activity in our owned and managed portfolio affects both our real estate operations and strategic capital segments, as well as the net earnings we recognize from our unconsolidated co-investment ventures based on our ownership share.
our owned and managed properties includes operating industrial properties and does not include properties under development or held for sale to third parties and was as follows at december 31 (square feet in millions):
operating activity the following table summarizes our operating activity for the years ended december 31 (square feet in millions):
average turnover costs per square foot                                      $1.66                   $1.46                   $1.42
rent change on rollover (low - high)                                 9.5% - 14.4%             6.2% - 9.7%             2.0% - 6.1%
average turnover costs per square foot have increased in 2015, however the turnover costs as a percentage of the total value of the lease is in line or lower than previous periods. the total value of the leases signed have increased due to higher rents on rollover.
development starts and stabilization activity the following table summarizes development starts for the years ended december 31 (dollars and square feet in millions):
number of new property development during the period            96                    76                    68
percentage of build-to-suits based on tei                     43.6   %              32.6   %              41.8   %
estimated value at completion                             $2,713.3              $2,439.5              $2,109.2
(1)   we expect these developments to be completed before july 2017.
the following table summarizes development stabilization activity for the years ended december 31 (dollars and square feet in millions):
number of development properties stabilized during the period                81                    47                    41
for information on our development portfolio at december 31, 2015, see item 2. properties.
same store analysis we evaluate the performance of the operating properties we own and manage using a "same store" analysis because the population of properties in this analysis is consistent from period to period, thereby eliminating the effects of changes in the composition of the portfolio on performance measures. we include properties from our consolidated portfolio, as well as properties owned by the unconsolidated co-investment ventures that we manage in our same store analysis. we have defined the same store portfolio, for each quarter in 2015, as those properties that were in operation at january 1, 2014, and have been in operation throughout the same three-month periods in both 2015 and 2014. we have removed all properties that were disposed of to a third party or were classified as held for sale to a third party from the population for both periods. we believe the factors that affect rental revenue, rental expenses and noi in the same store portfolio are generally the same as for the total portfolio. to derive an appropriate measure of period-to-period operating performance, we remove the effects of foreign currency exchange rate movements by using the recent period end exchange rate to translate from local currency into the u.s. dollar, for both periods.
we calculate our same store results on a quarterly basis and provide a reconciliation of those results to the consolidated statements of income. the following table summarizes same store noi and the change from prior period for the four quarters of 2015 and on a cumulative annual basis and the square feet of the portfolio used in the calculation (dollars and square feet in millions):
2015 noi - same store portfolio            $578.6                    $584.8                        $591.8                    $587.2          $2,342.4
2014 noi - same store portfolio            $558.8                    $559.4                        $565.4                    $561.7          $2,245.3
percentage change                             3.5   %                   4.5   %                       4.7   %                   4.5   %           4.3   %
square feet of portfolio                    511.7                     508.2                         504.8                     491.7
(1)   a reconciliation of our same store results for these fiscal quarters to the consolidated statements of income is provided in our previously filed quarterly reports on form 10-q for the respective quarter.
the following is a reconciliation of our consolidated rental revenue, rental expenses and noi (calculated as rental revenue and recoveries less rental expenses) for the full year, as included in the consolidated statements of income, to the respective amounts in our same store portfolio analysis for the three months ended december 31 (dollars in millions):
2015                     2014                              percentage change rental revenue (1) (2)
rental revenue and recoveries of properties not in the same store portfolio - properties developed,              (177.3     )               (50.7     )
acquired and sold to third parties during the period and land subject to ground leases effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates and other                                                     (1.2     )                (3.1     )
unconsolidated co-investment ventures - rental revenue                                                            404.9                     408.3
same store portfolio - rental revenue (2)                                                                        $786.6                    $756.5                               4.0   %
rental expenses of properties not in the same store portfolio - properties developed, acquired and                (51.5     )               (16.4     )
sold to third parties during the period and land subject to ground leases effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates and other                                                      7.7                       9.0
unconsolidated co-investment ventures - rental expenses                                                            92.4                      93.8
same store portfolio - rental expenses (3)                                                                       $199.4                    $194.8                               2.4   %
noi of properties not in the same store portfolio - properties developed, acquired and sold to third             (125.8     )               (34.3     )
parties during the period and land subject to ground leases effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates and other                                                     (8.9     )               (12.1     )
unconsolidated co-investment ventures - noi                                                                       312.5                     314.5
same store portfolio - noi                                                                                       $587.2                    $561.7                               4.5   %
(1)   as discussed, our same store portfolio includes industrial properties from our consolidated portfolio and owned by the unconsolidated co-investment ventures that are managed by us. we include 100% of the noi from the properties in our same store portfolio. during the periods presented, certain properties owned by us were contributed to a co-investment venture and are included in the same store portfolio. neither our consolidated results nor those of the co-investment ventures, when viewed individually, would be comparable on a same store basis because of the changes in composition of the respective portfolios from period to period (e.g. the results of a contributed property are included in our consolidated results through the contribution date and in the results of the unconsolidated entities subsequent to the contribution date).
(2)   we exclude the net termination and renegotiation fees from our same store rental revenue to allow us to evaluate the growth or decline in each property's rental revenue without regard to items that are not indicative of the property's recurring operating performance. net termination and renegotiation fees represent the gross fee negotiated to allow a customer to terminate or renegotiate their lease, offset by the write-off of the asset recorded due to the adjustment to straight-line rents over the lease term. the adjustments to remove these items are included in "effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates and other" in this table.
(3)   rental expenses include the direct operating expenses of the property such as property taxes, insurance and utilities. in addition, we include an allocation of the property management expenses for our direct-owned properties based on the property management services provided to each property (generally, based on a percentage of revenues). on consolidation, these amounts are eliminated and the actual costs of providing property management services are recognized as part of our consolidated rental expenses. these expenses fluctuate based on the level of properties included in the same store portfolio and any adjustment is included as "effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates and other" in this table.
g&a expenses the following table summarizes g&a expenses for the years ended december 31 (in millions):
reported as strategic capital expenses              (88.4   )             (96.5   )             (89.3   )
capitalized amounts                                (100.4   )             (87.3   )             (83.5   )
gross overhead includes all costs related to our business, including those attributable to the real estate operations and strategic capital segments. we allocate a portion of our gross overhead that relates to property management functions to both segments based on the size of the respective portfolios. costs directly associated with strategic capital also are allocated to that segment. the decrease in gross overhead from 2014 to 2015 was primarily due to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates between the u.s. dollar and the euro, british pound sterling and japanese yen. the increase in gross overhead from 2013 to 2014 was principally due to increased compensation.
we capitalize certain costs directly related to our development and leasing activities. capitalized g&a expenses included salaries and related costs, as well as other g&a costs. the following table summarizes capitalized g&a costs for the years ended december 31 (in millions):
building development activities                                                                   $47.3             $40.4             $39.7
leasing activities                                                                                 21.3              17.9              18.3
building and land improvements, and other                                                          31.8              29.0              25.5
total capitalized g&amp;a expenses                                                               $100.4             $87.3             $83.5
capitalized salaries and related costs as a percent of total salaries and related costs            27.6   %          23.9   %          23.7   %
depreciation and amortization expenses depreciation and amortization expenses were $880.4 million, $642.5 million and $648.7 million for 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the increase in depreciation and amortization expenses from 2014 to 2015 principally resulted from an increased investment in real estate properties from the ktr acquisition in may 2015, the consolidation of naif in the fourth quarter of 2014, other acquired properties and completed developments. this is offset slightly by the disposition of properties. the decrease from 2013 to 2014 was principally a result of the disposition and contribution of properties, offset slightly by additional depreciation and amortization from completed development, acquired properties and the consolidation of naif in the fourth quarter of 2014.
earnings from unconsolidated entities, net we recognized net earnings from unconsolidated entities that are accounted for under the equity method of $159.3 million, $134.3 million and $97.2 million for 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the earnings we recognize are impacted by: (i) variances in revenues and expenses of each venture; (ii) the size and occupancy rate of the portfolio of properties owned by each venture; (iii) gains or losses from the dispositions of properties, when applicable; (iv) our ownership interest in each venture; and (v) fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates used to translate our share of net earnings to u.s. dollars, if applicable. see the discussion of our co-investment ventures above in the strategic capital segment discussion and in note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for a further breakdown of our share of net earnings recognized.
interest expense gross interest expense increased in 2015, compared with 2014, due to higher debt driven by the ktr acquisition offset somewhat by a decrease in interest rates and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. during 2015 and 2014, we issued new debt with lower borrowing costs and used the proceeds to invest in real estate and pay down or buy back our higher cost debt. gross interest expense decreased in 2014, compared with 2013, due to lower average debt levels and decreased interest rates. our weighted average effective interest rate was 3.3%, 4.2% and 4.7% for 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for a further breakdown of gross interest expense, amortization and capitalized amounts included in net interest expense. see also the liquidity and capital resources section for further discussion of our debt and borrowing costs.
gains on dispositions of investments in real estate and revaluation of equity investments upon acquisition of a controlling interest, net we recognized gains of $758.9 million, $725.8 million and $597.7 million in continuing operations during 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. in 2015, the gains were driven primarily from dispositions to third parties in the u.s. in 2014, the gains were driven from third party dispositions mainly in the u.s., gains from the revaluation of our equity investment in naif upon acquisition of a controlling interest and contributions to our co-investment ventures in mexico. in 2013, the gains were driven primarily from contributions to our co-investment ventures in europe. we expect to continue to have contributions to co-investment ventures in the future, primarily in europe, japan and mexico, as well as make dispositions of properties to third parties, primarily in the u.s., all depending on market conditions and other factors. we expect to use the proceeds from such contributions and dispositions to pay down the remaining balance of $400.0 million on the term loan that was used to finance a portion of the ktr acquisition and to fund our capital deployment activities in 2016. see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on the gains we recognized.
foreign currency and derivative gains (losses) and related amortization, net to mitigate our foreign currency exchange exposure, we borrow in the functional currency of the borrowing entity when appropriate. however, we and certain of our foreign consolidated subsidiaries have intercompany or third-party debt that is not denominated in the entity's functional currency. when the debt is remeasured against the functional currency of the entity, a gain or loss may result. to a lesser degree, we also have transactions with third parties of certain assets or liabilities that are denominated in a currency other than the entities' functional currency. certain of our third-party and intercompany debt is remeasured with the resulting adjustment recognized as a cumulative translation adjustment in foreign currency translation losses, net in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. this treatment is applicable to third-party debt that is designated as a hedge of our net investment and intercompany debt that is deemed to be long-term in nature.
if the third-party debt is not designated as a hedge or the intercompany debt is deemed short-term in nature, we recognize a gain or loss in earnings when the debt is remeasured. we also recognized the change in fair value of derivative transactions not designated as hedges. to a lesser degree, we also have transactions with third parties of certain assets or liabilities that are denominated in a currency other than the entities' functional currency.
the following table details our foreign currency and derivative gains (losses) and related amortization, net for the year ended december 31 (in millions):
gains on the change in fair value and settlement of unhedged derivative transactions (1)            $29.4                 $14.6           $-
gains (losses) on settlement and remeasurement of intercompany payables and debt (2)                (21.7   )              (5.6   )       10.5
unrealized gains (losses) on embedded derivative, including amortization (3)                          5.1                 (27.7   )             (42.5   )
gains (losses) on the settlement of transactions with third parties                                  (0.3   )               0.9                  (1.6   )
total foreign currency and derivative gains (losses) and related amortization, net                  $12.5                $(17.8   )       $(33.6        )
(1)   see note 16 to the consolidated financial statements for more information about our derivative transactions.
(2)   these gains or losses were primarily related to the remeasurement of short-term intercompany loans between the u.s. parent and certain consolidated subsidiaries in europe and japan and result from fluctuations in the exchange rates of the u.s. dollar to the british pound sterling, euro and japanese yen.
(3)   the embedded derivative instrument (exchange feature) was related to our exchangeable senior notes that matured march 15, 2015. there will be no impact to the financial statements going forward. see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for more information about the embedded derivative instrument related to our exchangeable senior notes.
losses on early extinguishment of debt, net we repurchased portions of several series of senior notes, senior exchangeable notes and secured mortgage debt, which resulted in the recognition of losses of $86.3 million, $165.3 million and $277.0 million in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. as a result of these transactions, we have reduced our effective interest rate and lengthened the maturities of our debt. see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for more information regarding our debt repurchase.
income tax expense (benefit)
we recognize current income tax expense for income taxes incurred by our taxable reit subsidiaries, state and local income taxes and taxes incurred in our foreign jurisdictions. our current income tax expense fluctuates from period to period based primarily on the timing of our taxable income. deferred income tax expense (benefit) is generally a function of the period's temporary differences and the utilization of net operating losses generated in prior years that had been previously recognized as deferred income tax assets in taxable subsidiaries operating in the u.s. or in foreign jurisdictions.
the following table summarizes our income tax expense (benefit) for the year ended december 31 (in millions):
current income tax expense (benefit):
current income tax expense (benefit) on dispositions                                       (0.2   )              15.4                  87.8
current income tax expense on dispositions related to acquired tax liabilities              3.5                  30.5                  20.1
deferred income tax expense (benefit):
deferred income tax expense (benefit)                                                      (1.6   )             (56.7   )               0.6
deferred income tax benefit on dispositions related to acquired tax liabilities            (3.5   )             (30.5   )             (20.1   )
total deferred income tax benefit                                                          (5.1   )             (87.2   )             (19.5   )
total income tax expense (benefit)                                                        $23.1                $(25.7   )            $106.7
our income taxes are discussed in more detail in note 14 to the consolidated financial statements.
discontinued operations as discussed above, we adopted a new accounting standard regarding discontinued operations effective january 1, 2014, and none of our property dispositions in 2015 or 2014 met the criteria to be classified as discontinued operations. in 2013, earnings from discontinued operations were $123.5 million. discontinued operations under the previous standard represent the results of operations of properties that were sold to third parties along with the related gain on sale.
net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests this amount represents the third-party investors' share of the earnings generated in consolidated entities in which we do not own 100% of the equity, reduced by the third party share of fees or promotes payable to us. in 2015, 2014 and 2013, we recognized net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests for prologis, inc. of $56.1 million, $103.1 million and $10.1 million, respectively. in 2015, this is primarily related to operating activity in our consolidated co-investment ventures, naif and uslv. uslv completed the ktr acquisition in may 2015, so approximately seven months of the operating activity were included, offset by third-party share of acquisition costs and an acquisition fee payable to us. we acquired a controlling interest in naif in the fourth quarter of 2014 and began consolidating the venture. in 2014, we recognized net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests in prologis mexico fondo logistico ("afores") of $64.8 million because of the fibra
prologis transaction, primarily related to the third-party investors' share of the gain on disposition and the net deferred income tax benefit. see note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on our consolidated co-investment ventures.
other comprehensive income (loss) - foreign currency translation losses, net we recognize unrealized gains or losses related to the translation of our foreign subsidiaries' assets and liabilities into u.s. dollars, along with realized and unrealized gains or losses associated with the changes in the fair value of derivative and nonderivative financial instruments that are designated and qualify as hedges of net investments in foreign operations.
during 2015, 2014 and 2013, we recorded net losses of $208.9 million, $171.4 million and $234.7 million, respectively. during 2015 and 2014, the unrealized losses were principally due to the weakening of the euro, british pound sterling, japanese yen and brazilian real to the u.s. dollar from the beginning of the period to the end of the period. in 2013, the unrealized losses included approximately $190.0 million of foreign currency translation losses on the properties contributed to pelp and npr due to the weakening of the euro and japanese yen, respectively, to the u.s. dollar from december 31, 2012, through the date of the contributions. also in 2013, we recorded unrealized losses due to the weakening of the japanese yen to the u.s. dollar, from the beginning of the period to the end of the period. see note 16 in the consolidated financial statements for further detail.
environmental matters a majority of the properties we acquired were subjected to environmental reviews either by us or the previous owners. while some of these assessments have led to further investigation and sampling, none of the environmental assessments have revealed an environmental liability that we believe would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. see note 17 in the consolidated financial statements for further information about environmental liabilities.
liquidity and capital resources overview we consider our ability to generate cash from operating activities, distributions from our co-investment ventures, dispositions of properties and from available financing sources to be adequate to meet our anticipated future development, acquisition, operating, debt service, dividend and distribution requirements.
near-term principal cash sources and uses in addition to dividends to the common and preferred stockholders of prologis and distributions to the holders of limited partnership units of the operating partnership and our partners in the consolidated co-investment ventures, we expect our primary cash needs will consist of the following:
·   repayment of the balance on an unsecured senior term loan of $400.0 million that is scheduled to mature in 2016, however we are able to extend the maturity date by one year subject to certain conditions, if we so choose;
·   completion of the development and leasing of the properties in our consolidated development portfolio (at december 31, 2015, 91 properties in our development portfolio were 39.3% leased with a current investment of $1.9 billion and a tei of $2.9 billion when completed and leased, leaving $1.0 billion remaining to fund);
·   development of new properties for long-term investment, including the acquisition of land in certain markets;
·   capital expenditures and leasing costs on properties in our operating portfolio;
·   additional investments in current unconsolidated entities or new investments in future unconsolidated co-investment ventures;
·   acquisition of operating properties or portfolios of operating properties in global or regional markets (depending on market and other conditions) for direct, long-term investment in our consolidated portfolio (this might include acquisitions from our co-investment ventures); and
·   repurchase of our outstanding debt or equity securities (depending on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors) through cash purchases, open-market purchases, privately negotiated transactions, tender offers or otherwise.
we expect to fund our cash needs principally from the following sources, all subject to market conditions:
·   fees earned for services performed on behalf of the co-investment ventures, including promotes;
·   distributions received from the co-investment ventures;
·   proceeds from the disposition of properties, land parcels or other investments to third parties;
·   proceeds from the contributions of properties to current or future co-investment ventures;
·   proceeds from the sale of a portion of our investments in co-investment ventures (in december 2015, we submitted redemption requests for a portion of our investment in prologis targeted european logistics fund ("ptelf") and uslf for €185.0 million ($201.4 million at december 31, 2015) and $200.0 million, respectively, which we expect to close in the second quarter of 2016 and bring our ownership percentages more in-line with our long-term targeted ownership;
·   borrowing capacity under our current credit facility arrangements discussed in the following section ($2.6 billion available at december 31, 2015), other facilities or borrowing arrangements; and
·   proceeds from the issuance of debt securities, including secured mortgage debt.
we may also generate proceeds from the issuance of equity securities, subject to market conditions.
debt the following table summarizes information about our debt at december 31 (in millions):
weighted average maturity in months              67                  70
as discussed earlier and in note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, we completed the ktr acquisition on may 29, 2015. to fund our share of the cash portion, approximately $2.6 billion, as well as our other net cash requirements, we borrowed $440.2 million under our credit facilities and entered into the following debt arrangements during the second quarter of 2015:
·   issued €700 million ($785.5 million) of senior notes with an interest rate of 1.4%, maturing in 2021;
we expect to repay the $400.0 million remaining balance on the senior term loan that was used to fund the ktr acquisition with proceeds generated from the contributions of certain development properties to our co-investment ventures in europe, japan and mexico and proceeds generated from the disposition of certain nonstrategic properties to third parties.
in october 2015, we issued $750.0 million in principal amount of senior notes with an interest rate of 3.8% maturing in 2025. we used a portion of the net proceeds to repurchase approximately $512 million of our senior unsecured notes, including fees, with an average interest rate of 5.6% maturing in 2017 and 2018. we also commenced a tender offer through which we utilized a portion of the net proceeds to repurchase a portion of our senior notes that mature in 2019 and 2020 for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $289 million, including fees and accrued interest, which had an average interest rate of 7.0%. a portion of the remaining proceeds was used for other corporate purposes, including other debt repayment and repurchases.
in december 2015, we entered into an unsecured senior term loan under which we can draw in canadian dollars in an aggregate amount not to exceed cad $371.9 million ($267.9 million at december 31, 2015) that matures in 2023 (which was fully drawn at december 31, 2015). we used the proceeds to pay down our credit facilities and for general corporate purposes.
at december 31, 2015, we had credit facilities with an aggregate borrowing capacity of $2.6 billion, all of which was available for borrowing.
at december 31, 2015, we were in compliance with all of our debt covenants. these covenants include customary financial covenants for total debt, encumbered debt and fixed charge coverage ratios. see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion on our debt.
equity commitments related to certain co-investment ventures certain co-investment ventures have equity commitments from us and our venture partners. our venture partners fulfill their equity commitment with cash. we may fulfill our equity commitment through contributions of properties or cash. for more information on equity commitments for our unconsolidated co-investment ventures, see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements. we have one consolidated co-investment venture, the brazil fund, with equity commitments at december 31, 2015, of $44.8 million, of which $22.4 million is our share and expires in december 2017. the equity commitments are denominated in brazilian real and called and reported in u.s. dollars.
cash flow summary the following table summarizes our cash flow activity for the years ended december 31 (in millions):
net cash provided by operating activities                      $963.4           $704.5                   $485.0
net cash provided by (used in) investing activities         $(4,648.6   )       $(488.3     )          $2,333.9
net cash provided by (used in) financing activities          $3,608.2           $(337.8     )         $(2,365.6   )
cash provided by operating activities in 2015 and 2014, cash provided by operating activities was more than the cash dividends paid on common and preferred stock by $158.7 million and $32.3 million, respectively. in 2013, cash provided by operating activities was less than the cash dividends paid on common and preferred stock by $88.9 million. in 2013, we had other sources of cash that we used, including proceeds from dispositions to third parties and contributions of real estate properties ($5.4 billion) and distributions from our co-investment ventures classified for a return of investment for reporting purposes ($411.9 million) both of which are included in investing activities. we used some of this cash to fund dividends not covered by cash provided by operating activities. as disclosed in note 9 and note 14 to the consolidated financial statements, we paid combined amounts for interest and income taxes of $370.0 million, $363.8 million and $526.0 million, respectively, in 2015, 2014 and 2013. in addition, our cash provided by operating activities, exclusive of changes in receivables and payables, is impacted by the following significant activity:
·   real estate operations noi. we receive the majority of our operating cash through our real estate operations segment. noi from this segment, less the noncash amount of straight-lined rent and amortization of above and below market leases, was $1.3 billion, $1.1 billion and $1.1 billion for 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. see our results of operations section above for the key drivers of our real estate operations noi.
·   strategic capital noi. we also generate operating cash through our strategic capital segment by providing management services to our unconsolidated co-investment ventures. noi from this segment was $121.9 million, $123.4 million and $90.2 million for 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. see our results of operations section above for the key drivers of our strategic capital noi. included in the noi for 2015 is net promote income of $24.8 million that was earned as of december 31, 2015 but will be paid in the first quarter of 2016 and will be included in cash provided by operating activities at that time.
·   distributions from unconsolidated entities. we received $144.0 million, $117.9 million and $68.3 million in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively, of distributions from our unconsolidated entities as a return on our investment and representing our share of the net earnings in the ventures. included in net earnings from our unconsolidated entities was our share of net non-cash expenses, totaling $169.3 million, $204.5 million and $156.4 million in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively, primarily due to depreciation and amortization charges. we also received additional distributions from our unconsolidated co-investment ventures in excess of our share of net earnings that is reflected in investing activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows.
·   g&amp;a. we incurred $184.5 million, $190.3 million and $180.0 million in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively, of g&amp;a costs, net of equity-based compensation expenses.
cash provided by (used in) investing activities
·   real estate development. we invested $1.3 billion, $1.1 billion and $853.1 million during 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively, in real estate development and leasing costs for first generation leases. we have 63 properties under development and 28 properties that were completed but not stabilized at december 31, 2015, and we expect to continue to develop new properties as the opportunities arise.
·   real estate acquisitions. we acquired total real estate of $890.2 million, which included 1,051 acres of land and 52 operating properties, excluding the ktr acquisition in 2015. we acquired 1,055 acres of land and eight operating properties for a combined total of $612.3 million in 2014. in 2013, we acquired 536 acres of land and 26 operating properties for a combined total of $514.6 million, which includes properties acquired in connection with the wind-down of prologis japan fund i.
·   ktr acquisition, net of cash received. in 2015, we acquired the real estate assets of ktr for a net cash purchase price of $4.8 billion through our consolidated co-investment venture uslv, of which we own 55%. our partner in uslv contributed their share which is discussed below in cash provided by (used in) financing activities - noncontrolling interests contributions. see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for more detail on the transaction.
·   capital expenditures. we invested $237.9 million, $212.6 million and $228.0 million in our operating properties during 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively, which included recurring capital expenditures, tenant improvements and leasing commissions on existing operating properties that were previously leased.
·   proceeds from dispositions and contributions. we generated cash from dispositions and contributions of real estate properties of $2.8 billion, $2.3 billion and $5.4 billion in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the following table summarizes the number of properties we disposed of and contributed for the years ended december 31:
third party dispositions                                       136           145            89
contributions to unconsolidated co-investment ventures          31           126           254
(1)   we contributed 115 real estate properties owned on a consolidated basis to fibra prologis and received cash proceeds of $390.6 million, primarily attributable to the third-party investors in afores and subsequently distributed the proceeds to them.
(2)   the activity in 2013 primarily included the contribution of real estate properties to our co-investment ventures, pelp and npr of $1.3 billion and $1.9 billion, respectively.
·   purchase of a controlling interest. we paid net cash of $590.4 million to acquire a controlling interest in naif in 2014. we paid net cash of $678.6 million to acquire our partners' interest in prologis north american industrial fund iii and prologis sgp mexico in 2013.
·   investments in and advances to. we invested cash of $474.4 million, $739.6 million and $1.2 billion during 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively, in our unconsolidated co-investment ventures and other ventures, net of repayment of advances. our investments represented our proportionate share and the ventures used the funds for the acquisition of operating properties, development and repayment of debt. the following table summarizes our significant investments in our unconsolidated co-investment ventures for the years ended december 31 (in millions):
nippon prologis reit                                                              $-           $56.6          $411.5
see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for more detail on our unconsolidated co-investment ventures.
·   return of investment. as discussed above, we receive distributions from our unconsolidated co-investment ventures from operations representing our share of the net earnings recognized that are reflected in operating activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows. any distribution that we receive in excess of our share of net earnings is reflected as a return of investment in investing activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows. we received distributions from unconsolidated co-investment ventures and other ventures as a return of investment of $170.0 million, $244.3 million and $411.9 million during 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. included in these amounts are distributions in excess of our share of net earnings of $133.4 million, $172.1 million and $103.3 million for
2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively, from additional operating cash flows primarily related to our share of non-cash expenses. we also received $106.3 million in connection with the wind down of prologis japan fund i in 2013.
·   proceeds from repayment of notes receivable. in 2014, we received $188.0 million for the payment in full of the notes receivable backed by real estate that originated in 2010 through the sale of a portfolio of industrial properties.
·   settlement of net investment hedges. we received net proceeds of $128.2 million, $13.0 million and $7.8 million from the settlement of our net investment hedges during 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. see note 16 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on our derivative activity.
cash provided by (used in) financing activities
o   we generated net proceeds from the issuance of common stock under our incentive plans, primarily from the exercise of stock options, of $18.2 million, $25.8 million and $22.4 million in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
o   we generated net proceeds of $71.5 million and $140.1 million from the issuance of 1.7 million shares and 3.3 million shares of common stock under our at-the-market program during 2015 and 2014, respectively.
o   norges bank investment management exercised a warrant (that we issued in connection with the formation of pelp) for $213.8 million in exchange for six million shares of prologis common stock in 2014. see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements for more detail.
·   repurchase and redemption of preferred stock and units. we paid $27.6 million to repurchase shares of series q preferred stock in 2014. we paid $482.5 million to redeem all of the outstanding shares of series l, m, o, p, r and s preferred stock in 2013.
·   noncontrolling interests contributions. our partners in consolidated co-investment ventures made contributions of $2.4 billion, $468.3 million and $145.5 million in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. our partner in uslv made contributions in 2015 of $2.4 billion, primarily for the ktr acquisition, and $446.1 million in 2014 related to the formation of the venture. contributions from noncontrolling interest partners were primarily for the purchase of real estate properties by afores and development within brazil fund and related joint ventures in 2013.
·   noncontrolling interests distributions. our consolidated ventures distributed $215.7 million, $315.4 million and $116.0 million to various noncontrolling interests in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. distributions in 2015 include $120.5 million that were primarily related to distributions to our partners in uslv and naif as a result of proceeds from the disposition of real estate. the distributions in 2014 were principally related to a cash distribution of $249.9 million to our partners in afores due to buildings contributed to fibra prologis and a cash distribution of $28.6 million to our partners in prologis ams due to the disposition of the remaining properties of the venture.
·   purchase of noncontrolling interests. we purchased our partner's interest in prologis alliance fund ii, a consolidated co-investment venture, for $245.8 million in 2013.
·   net payments on credit facilities. we made net payments of $8.0 million, $717.4 million and $93.1 million in 2015, 2014 and 2013 respectively, on our credit facilities.
·   repurchase and payments of debt. we made payments of $1.0 billion on our outstanding term loans, $127.8 million on regularly scheduled debt principal payments and payments at maturity and repurchased and extinguished secured mortgage debt of $2.0 billion during 2015. we made payments of $2.2 billion on our previous term loan, $101.8 million on regularly scheduled debt principal payments and payments at maturity and repurchased and extinguished exchangeable senior notes and secured mortgage debt of $1.9 billion during 2014. we repurchased and extinguished exchangeable senior notes, secured mortgage debt, senior term loans and other debt of consolidated entities and made regularly scheduled debt principal payments and payments at maturity for a combined total of $6.0 billion during 2013.
·   proceeds from issuance of debt. we issued $1.5 billion of senior notes, $565.0 million of secured mortgage debt and $3.1 billion of term loans and used the net proceeds to fund our share of the purchase price for the ktr acquisition, repurchased and redeemed senior notes (see above for further explanation) in 2015 and for general corporate purposes. we issued €1.8 billion ($2.4 billion) of senior notes, $2.3 billion of term loans and $70.7 million of secured debt in 2014. we issued senior notes, secured mortgage debt, term loan debt and other debt of $3.6 billion in 2013. see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on our debt issuance activity.
off-balance sheet arrangements unconsolidated co-investment venture debt we had investments in and advances to our unconsolidated co-investment ventures, at december 31, 2015, of $4.6 billion. these ventures had total third-party debt of $6.2 billion (of which $1.8 billion was our proportionate share) at december 31, 2015. this debt is primarily secured, is non-recourse to prologis or the other investors in the co-investment ventures and matures as follows (dollars in millions):
nippon prologis reit                                193.5            16.6             246.7            890.4          (8.0   )          1,339.2               1.0   %         202.2                15.1   %
at december 31, 2015, we did not guarantee any third-party debt of the co-investment ventures. in our role as the manager, we work with the co-investment ventures to refinance their maturing debt. there can be no assurance that the co-investment ventures will be able to refinance any maturing indebtedness on terms as favorable as the maturing debt, or at all. if the ventures are unable to refinance the maturing indebtedness with newly issued debt, they may be able to obtain funds by voluntary capital contributions from us and our partners or by selling assets. certain of our ventures also have credit facilities, or unencumbered properties, both of which may be used to obtain funds.
less than 1 year              1 to 3 years              3 to 5 years             more than 5 years                 total debt obligations, other than credit facilities                              $934                    $1,833                    $2,175                        $6,679               $11,621
interest on debt obligations, other than credit facilities                   377                       653                       490                           554                 2,074
unfunded commitments on the development portfolio (1)                        855                        22                         -                             -                   877
(1)   we had properties in our consolidated development portfolio (completed and under development) at december 31, 2015, with a tei of $2.9 billion. the unfunded commitments presented include not only those costs that we are obligated to fund under construction contracts, but all costs necessary to place the property into service, including the estimated costs of tenant improvements, marketing and leasing costs that we will incur as the property is leased.
distribution and dividend requirements our dividend policy on our common stock is to distribute a percentage of our cash flow to ensure that we will meet the dividend requirements of the internal revenue code, relative to maintaining our reit status, while still allowing us to retain cash to meet other needs such as capital improvements and other investment activities.
in 2015, we paid a quarterly cash dividend of $0.36 for the first two quarters of 2015 and $0.40 per common share for the last two quarters of 2015. in the fourth quarter of 2015, we issued a new class of common limited partnership units in the operating partnership that are entitled to a quarterly distribution equal to $0.64665 per unit so long as the common units receive a quarterly distribution of at least $0.40 per unit (see note 11 in the consolidated financial statements for more information on this new partnership unit). we paid a dividend of $0.64665 in december 2015 related to this new partnership unit. we paid quarterly cash dividends of $0.33 per common share for all four quarters of 2014. our future common stock dividends, if and as declared, may vary and will be determined by the board upon the circumstances prevailing at the time, including our financial condition, operating results and reit distribution requirements, and may be adjusted at the discretion of the board during the year.
pursuant to the terms of our preferred stock, we are restricted from declaring or paying any dividend with respect to our common stock unless and until all cumulative dividends with respect to the preferred stock have been paid and sufficient funds have been set aside for dividends that have been declared for the relevant dividend period with respect to the preferred stock.
other commitments on a continuing basis, we are engaged in various stages of negotiations for the acquisition or disposition of individual properties or portfolios of properties.
critical accounting policies a critical accounting policy is one that is both important to the portrayal of an entity's financial condition and results of operations and requires judgment on the part of management. generally, the judgment requires management to make estimates and assumptions about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. estimates are prepared using management's best judgment, after considering past and current economic conditions and expectations for the future. changes in estimates could affect our financial position and specific items in our results of operations that are used by stockholders, potential investors, industry analysts and lenders in their evaluation of
our performance. of the accounting policies discussed in note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, those presented below have been identified by us as critical accounting policies.
consolidation we consolidate all entities that are wholly owned and those in which we own less than 100% of the equity but control, as well as any variable interest entities in which we are the primary beneficiary. we evaluate our ability to control an entity including whether the entity is a variable interest entity and whether we are the primary beneficiary. we consider the substantive terms of the arrangement to identify which enterprise has the power to direct the activities of the entity that most significantly impacts the entity's economic performance and the obligation to absorb losses of the entity or the right to receive benefits from the entity. investments in entities that we do not control but over which we have the ability to exercise significant influence over operating and financial policies are accounted for using the equity method. our ability to correctly assess our influence or control over an entity affects the presentation of these investments in the consolidated financial statements.
business combinations upon acquisition of real estate that constitutes a business, which includes acquiring a controlling interest in an entity previously accounted for using the equity method of accounting, we allocate the purchase price to the various components of the acquisition based on the fair value of each component. the components typically include land, building, intangible assets related to the acquired leases, debt, deferred tax liability and other assumed assets and liabilities in the case of an acquisition of a business. in an acquisition of multiple properties, we must also allocate the purchase price among the properties. the allocation of the purchase price is based on our assessment of estimated fair value and often is based on the expected future cash flows of the property and various characteristics of the markets where the property is located. the fair value may also include an enterprise value premium that we estimate a third party would be willing to pay for a portfolio of properties. in the case of an acquisition of a controlling interest in an entity previously accounted for under the equity method of accounting, this allocation may result in a gain or a loss. the initial allocation of the purchase price is based on management's preliminary assessment, which may differ when final information becomes available. subsequent adjustments made to the initial purchase price allocation are made within the allocation period, not to exceed one year. the use of different assumptions in the allocation of the purchase price of the acquired properties and liabilities assumed could affect the timing of recognition of the related revenue and expenses.
revenue recognition - gains (losses) on dispositions of investments in real estate and strategic capital revenue we recognize gains from the contributions and sales of real estate assets, generally at the time the title is transferred, consideration is received and we no longer have substantial continuing involvement with the real estate sold. in many of our transactions, an entity in which we have an equity investment will acquire a real estate asset from us. we make judgments based on the specific terms of each transaction as to the amount of the total profit from the transaction that we recognize given our continuing ownership interest and our level of future involvement with the entity that acquires the assets. in addition, we make judgments regarding recognition in earnings of certain fees and incentives earned for services provided to these entities based on when they are earned, fixed and determinable.
derivative financial instruments derivative financial instruments can be designated as fair value hedges, cash flow hedges or hedges of net investments in foreign operations. we do not use derivatives for trading or speculative purposes. accounting for derivatives as hedges requires that at inception, and over the term of the instruments, the hedged item and derivative qualify for hedge accounting. the rules and interpretations for derivatives are complex. failure to apply this guidance correctly may result in all changes in fair value of the hedged derivative being recognized in earnings.
we assess both at inception, and at least quarterly thereafter, whether the derivatives used in hedging transactions are effective at offsetting changes in either the fair values or cash flows of the related underlying exposures. any ineffective portion of a derivative financial instrument's change in fair value is immediately recognized in earnings. derivatives not designated as hedges are used to manage our exposure to foreign currency fluctuations and variable interest rates but do not meet the strict hedge accounting requirements. see note 16 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information about our derivative financial instrument policy.
income taxes as part of the process of preparing our consolidated financial statements, significant management judgment is required to estimate our income tax liability for each taxable entity, the liability associated with open tax years that are under review, our reit taxable income and our compliance with reit requirements. our estimates are based on interpretation of tax laws. we estimate our actual current income tax due and assess temporary differences resulting from differing treatment of items for book and tax purposes resulting in the recognition of deferred income tax assets and liabilities. these estimates may have an impact on the income tax expense recognized. adjustments may be required by a change in assessment of our deferred income tax assets and liabilities; changes in assessments of the recognition of income tax benefits for certain nonroutine transactions; changes due to audit adjustments by federal, international and state tax authorities; our inability to qualify as a reit; the potential for built-in gain recognition; changes in the assessment of properties to be contributed to taxable reit subsidiaries and changes in tax laws. adjustments required in any given period are included within income tax expense. we recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by taxing authorities.
other than temporary impairment of investments in unconsolidated entities when circumstances indicate the value of an equity investment may be reduced, we evaluate whether the loss in value is other than temporary. if we determine that a loss in value is other than temporary, we recognize an impairment charge to reflect the investment at fair value. the use of projected future cash flows and other estimates of fair value, the determination of when a loss is other than temporary and the calculation of the amount of the loss is complex and subjective. use of other estimates and assumptions may result in different conclusions. changes in economic and operating conditions, as well as changes in our intent with regard to our investment that occur subsequent to our review, could impact these assumptions and result in future impairment charges of our equity investments.
impairment of long-lived assets we assess the carrying values of our respective long-lived assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of these assets may not be fully recoverable.
recoverability of real estate assets is measured by comparison of the carrying amount of the asset to the estimated future undiscounted cash flows. to review our real estate assets for recoverability, we consider current market conditions, as well as our intent with respect to holding or disposing of the asset. our intent with regard to the underlying assets might change as market conditions change. fair value is determined through various valuation techniques, including discounted cash flow models, applying a capitalization rate to estimated noi of a property, quoted market values and third-party appraisals, where considered necessary. the use of projected future cash flows is based on assumptions that are consistent with our estimates of future expectations and the strategic plan we use to manage our underlying business. if our analysis indicates that the carrying value of a real estate property that we expect to hold is not recoverable on an undiscounted cash flow basis, we recognize an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the current estimated fair value of the real estate property. assumptions and estimates used in
the recoverability analyses for future cash flows, discount rates and capitalization rates are complex and subjective. changes in economic and operating conditions or our intent with regard to our investment that occurs subsequent to our impairment analyses could impact these assumptions and result in future impairment of our long-lived assets.
capitalization of costs we capitalize costs incurred in developing, renovating, rehabilitating and improving real estate assets as part of the investment basis. costs incurred in making repairs and maintaining real estate assets are expensed as incurred. during the land development and construction periods, we capitalize interest costs, insurance, real estate taxes and certain general and administrative costs of the personnel performing development, renovations and rehabilitation if such costs are incremental and identifiable to a specific activity to get the asset ready for its intended use. capitalized costs are included in the investment basis of real estate assets.
new accounting pronouncements see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements.
fu nds from operations attributable to common stockholders and unitholders ("ffo")
ffo is a financial measure that is not determined in accordance with gaap, but is a measure that is commonly used in the real estate industry. the most directly comparable gaap measure to ffo is net earnings. although the national association of real estate investment trusts ("nareit") has published a definition of ffo, modifications to the nareit calculation of ffo are common among reits, as companies seek to provide financial measures that meaningfully reflect their business.
ffo is not meant to represent a comprehensive system of financial reporting and does not present, nor do we intend it to present, a complete picture of our financial condition and operating performance. we believe that ffo is only meaningful when it is used in conjunction with net earnings computed under gaap. furthermore, we believe our consolidated financial statements, prepared in accordance with gaap, provide the most meaningful picture of our financial condition.
nareit's ffo measure adjusts net earnings computed under gaap to exclude historical cost depreciation and gains and losses from the sales, along with impairment charges, of previously depreciated properties. we agree that these nareit adjustments are useful to investors for the following reasons:
·   historical cost accounting for real estate assets in accordance with gaap assumes, through depreciation charges, that the value of real estate assets diminishes predictably over time. nareit stated in its white paper on ffo "since real estate asset values have historically risen or fallen with market conditions, many industry investors have considered presentations of operating results for real estate companies that use historical cost accounting to be insufficient by themselves." consequently, nareit's definition of ffo reflects the fact that real estate, as an asset class, generally appreciates over time and depreciation charges required by gaap do not reflect the underlying economic realities. we exclude depreciation from our unconsolidated entities and the third parties' share of our consolidated ventures.
·   reits were created in order to encourage public ownership of real estate as an asset class through investment in firms that were in the business of long-term ownership and management of real estate. the exclusion, in nareit's definition of ffo, of gains and losses from the sales, along with impairment charges, of previously depreciated operating real estate assets allows investors and analysts to readily identify the operating results of the long-term assets that form the core of a reit's activity and assists in comparing those operating results between periods. we include the gains and losses (including impairment charges) from dispositions of land and development properties, as well as our proportionate share of the gains and losses (including impairment charges) from dispositions of development properties recognized by our unconsolidated and consolidated entities, in our definition of ffo. we exclude the gain on revaluation of equity investments upon acquisition of a controlling interest from our definition of ffo.
our ffo measures at the same time that nareit created and defined its ffo measure for the reit industry, it also recognized that "management of each of its member companies has the responsibility and authority to publish financial information that it regards as useful to the financial community." we believe stockholders, potential investors and financial analysts who review our operating results are best served by a defined ffo measure that includes other adjustments to net earnings computed under gaap in addition to those included in the nareit defined measure of ffo. our ffo measures are used by management in analyzing our business and the performance of our properties and we believe that it is important that stockholders, potential investors and financial analysts understand the measures management uses.
we calculate our ffo measures, as defined below, based on our proportionate ownership share of both our unconsolidated and consolidated ventures. we reflect our share of our ffo measures for unconsolidated ventures by applying our average ownership percentage for the period to the applicable reconciling items on an entity by entity basis. we reflect our share for consolidated ventures in which we do not own 100% of the equity by adjusting our ffo measures to remove the third party ownership share of the applicable reconciling items based on average ownership percentage for the applicable periods.
we use these ffo measures, including by segment and region, to: (i) evaluate our performance and the performance of our properties in comparison with expected results and results of previous periods, relative to resource allocation decisions; (ii) evaluate the performance of our management; (iii) budget and forecast future results to assist in the allocation of resources; (iv) assess our performance as compared with similar real estate companies and the industry in general; and (v) evaluate how a specific potential investment will impact our future results. because we make decisions with regard to our performance with a long-term outlook, we believe it is appropriate to remove the effects of short-term items that we do not expect to affect the underlying long-term performance of the properties. the long-term performance of our properties is principally driven by rental revenue. while not infrequent or unusual, these additional items we exclude in calculating ffo, as defined by prologis, defined below, are subject to significant fluctuations from period to period that cause both positive and negative short-term effects on our results of operations in inconsistent and unpredictable directions that are not relevant to our long-term outlook.
we use our ffo measures as supplemental financial measures of operating performance. we do not use our ffo measures as, nor should they be considered to be, alternatives to net earnings computed under gaap, as indicators of our operating performance, as alternatives to cash from operating activities computed under gaap or as indicators of our ability to fund our cash needs.
ffo, as defined by prologis attributable to common stockholders and unitholders ("ffo, as defined by prologis")
to arrive at ffo, as defined by prologis, we adjust the nareit defined ffo measure to exclude:
·   deferred income tax benefits and deferred income tax expenses recognized by our subsidiaries;
·   current income tax expense related to acquired tax liabilities that were recorded as deferred tax liabilities in an acquisition, to the extent the expense is offset with a deferred income tax benefit in gaap earnings that is excluded from our defined ffo measure;
·   unhedged foreign currency exchange gains and losses resulting from debt transactions between us and our foreign consolidated subsidiaries and our foreign unconsolidated entities;
·   foreign currency exchange gains and losses from the remeasurement (based on current foreign currency exchange rates) of certain third-party debt of our foreign consolidated subsidiaries and our foreign unconsolidated entities; and
·   mark-to-market adjustments and related amortization of debt discounts associated with derivative financial instruments.
we believe investors are best served if the information that is made available to them allows them to align their analysis and evaluation of our operating results along the same lines that our management uses in planning and executing our business strategy.
core ffo attributable to common stockholders and unitholders ("core ffo")
in addition to ffo, as defined by prologis, we also use core ffo. to arrive at core ffo, we adjust ffo, as defined by prologis, to exclude the following recurring and nonrecurring items that we recognized directly in ffo, as defined by prologis:
·   gains or losses from contribution or sale of land or development properties;
·   income tax expense related to the sale of investments in real estate and third-party acquisition costs related to the acquisition of real estate;
·   impairment charges recognized related to our investments in real estate generally as a result of our change in intent to contribute or sell these properties;
·   gains or losses from the early extinguishment of debt and redemption and repurchase of preferred stock; and
we believe it is appropriate to further adjust our ffo, as defined by prologis for certain recurring items as they were driven by transactional activity and factors relating to the financial and real estate markets, rather than factors specific to the on-going operating performance of our properties or investments. the impairment charges we have recognized were primarily based on valuations of real estate, which had declined due to market conditions, that we no longer expected to hold for long-term investment. over the last few years, we made it a priority to strengthen our financial position by reducing our debt, our investment in certain low yielding assets and our exposure to foreign currency exchange fluctuations. as a result, we changed our intent to sell or contribute certain of our real estate properties and recorded impairment charges when we did not expect to recover the costs of our investment. also, we purchased portions of our debt securities when we believed it was advantageous to do so, which was based on market conditions, and in an effort to lower our borrowing costs and extend our debt maturities. as a result, we have recognized net gains or losses on the early extinguishment of certain debt due to the financial market conditions at that time.
we analyze our operating performance primarily by the rental revenue of our real estate and the revenue driven by our strategic capital business, net of operating, administrative and financing expenses. this income stream is not directly impacted by fluctuations in the market value of our investments in real estate or debt securities. although these items discussed above have had a material impact on our operations and are reflected in our financial statements, the removal of the effects of these items allows us to better understand the core operating performance of our properties over the long term.
we use core ffo, including by segment and region, to: (i) evaluate our performance and the performance of our properties in comparison to expected results and results of previous periods, relative to resource allocation decisions; (ii) evaluate the performance of our management; (iii) budget and forecast future results to assist in the allocation of resources; (iv) provide guidance to the financial markets to understand our expected operating performance; (v) assess our operating performance as compared to similar real estate companies and the industry in general; and (vi) evaluate how a specific potential investment will impact our future results. because we make decisions with regard to our performance with a long-term outlook, we believe it is appropriate to remove the effects of items that we do not expect to affect the underlying long-term performance of the properties we own. as noted above, we believe the long-term performance of our properties is principally driven by rental revenue. we believe investors are best served if the information that is made available to them allows them to align their analysis and evaluation of our operating results along the same lines that our management uses in planning and executing our business strategy.
limitations on the use of our ffo measures while we believe our defined ffo measures are important supplemental measures, neither nareit's nor our measures of ffo should be used alone because they exclude significant economic components of net earnings computed under gaap and are, therefore, limited as an analytical tool. accordingly, these are only a few of the many measures we use when analyzing our business. some of these limitations are:
·   the current income tax expenses and acquisition costs that are excluded from our defined ffo measures represent the taxes and transaction costs that are payable.
·   depreciation and amortization of real estate assets are economic costs that are excluded from ffo. ffo is limited, as it does not reflect the cash requirements that may be necessary for future replacements of the real estate assets. furthermore, the amortization of capital expenditures and leasing costs necessary to maintain the operating performance of industrial properties are not reflected in ffo.
·   gains or losses from non-development property acquisitions and dispositions or impairment charges related to expected dispositions represent changes in value of the properties. by excluding these gains and losses, ffo does not capture realized changes in the value of acquired or disposed properties arising from changes in market conditions.
·   the deferred income tax benefits and expenses that are excluded from our defined ffo measures result from the creation of a deferred income tax asset or liability that may have to be settled at some future point. our defined ffo measures do not currently reflect any income or expense that may result from such settlement.
·   the foreign currency exchange gains and losses that are excluded from our defined ffo measures are generally recognized based on movements in foreign currency exchange rates through a specific point in time. the ultimate settlement of our foreign currency-denominated net assets is indefinite as to timing and amount. our ffo measures are limited in that they do not reflect the current period changes in these net assets that result from periodic foreign currency exchange rate movements.
·   the gains and losses on extinguishment of debt that we exclude from our core ffo, may provide a benefit or cost to us as we may be settling our debt at less or more than our future obligation.
·   the natural disaster expenses that we exclude from core ffo are costs that we have incurred.
we compensate for these limitations by using our ffo measures only in conjunction with net earnings computed under gaap when making our decisions. this information should be read with our complete consolidated financial statements prepared under gaap. to assist investors in compensating for these limitations, we reconcile our defined ffo measures to our net earnings computed under gaap for the years ended december 31 as follows (in millions):
add (deduct) nareit defined adjustments:
gains on dispositions of investments in real estate properties, net                                   (500.8   )             (553.2   )             (271.3   )
reconciling items related to noncontrolling interests                                                  (78.1   )               47.9                   (9.0   )
our share of reconciling items included in earnings from unconsolidated entities                       185.6                  186.5                  159.8
subtotal - nareit defined ffo                                                                        1,324.0                  921.2                  819.5
unrealized foreign currency and derivative losses (gains) and related amortization, net                  1.0                   19.0                   32.8
deferred income tax expense (benefit), net                                                              (5.1   )              (87.2   )              (20.0   )
current income tax expense related to acquired tax liabilities                                           3.5                   30.5                   20.7
reconciling items related to noncontrolling interests                                                   (1.3   )                  -                      -
our share of reconciling items included in earnings from unconsolidated entities                       (13.6   )                4.0                    2.2
gains on dispositions of development properties and land, net                                         (258.1   )             (172.4   )             (427.6   )
current income tax expense (benefit) on dispositions                                                    (0.2   )               15.4                   87.8
acquisition expenses                                                                                    47.0                    4.2                    3.0
reconciling items related to noncontrolling interests                                                  (11.1   )                  -                      -
our share of reconciling items included in earnings from unconsolidated entities                         8.9                   46.6                    8.7