item 1a   risk factors
before deciding to purchase, hold or sell our common stock, you should carefully consider the risks described below in addition to the other cautionary statements and risks described elsewhere, and the other information contained, in this report and in our other filings with the sec, including our subsequent reports on forms 10-q and 8-k. the risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect our business. if any of these known or unknown risks or uncertainties actually occurs with material adverse effects on us, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be seriously harmed. in that event, the market price for our common stock will likely decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment.
our inability to compete successfully in our markets may harm our business.    the markets for our sdb products are highly competitive and are characterized by frequent product improvements and evolving technology. our ability to compete successfully depends, in part, on our ability to develop, manufacture and market innovative new products. the development of innovative new products by our competitors or the discovery of alternative treatments or potential cures for the conditions that our products treat could make our products noncompetitive or obsolete. current competitors, new entrants, academics, and others are trying to develop new devices, alternative treatments or cures, and pharmaceutical solutions to the conditions our products treat.
additionally, some of our competitors have greater financial, research and development, manufacturing and marketing resources than we do. the past several years have seen a trend towards consolidation in the healthcare industry and in the markets for our products. industry consolidation could result in greater competition if our competitors combine their resources, if our competitors are acquired by other companies with greater resources than ours, or if our competitors become affiliated with customers of ours. this competition could increase pressure on us to reduce the selling prices of our products or could cause us to increase our spending on research and development and sales and marketing. if we are unable to develop innovative new products, maintain competitive pricing, and offer products that consumers perceive to be as good as those of our competitors, our sales or gross margins could decrease which would harm our business.
our business depends on our ability to market effectively to dealers of home healthcare products and sleep clinics.    we market our products primarily to home healthcare dealers and to sleep clinics that diagnose osa and other sleep disorders, as well as to non-sleep specialist physician practices that diagnose and treat sleep disorders. we believe that these groups play a significant role in determining which brand of product a patient will use. the success of our business depends on our ability to market effectively to these groups to ensure that our products are properly marketed and sold by these third-parties.
we have limited resources to market to the sleep clinics, home healthcare dealer branch locations and to the non-sleep specialists, most of whom use, sell or recommend several brands of products. in
addition, home healthcare dealers have experienced price pressures as government and third-party reimbursement has declined for home healthcare products, and home healthcare dealers are requiring price discounts and longer periods of time to pay for products purchased from us. we cannot assure you that physicians will continue to prescribe our products, or that home healthcare dealers or patients will not substitute competing products when a prescription specifying our products has been written.
we have expanded our marketing activities to target the population with a predisposition to sleep-disordered breathing as well as primary care physicians and various medical specialists. we cannot assure you that these marketing efforts will be successful in increasing awareness or sales of our products.
consolidation in the health care industry could have an adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations.    many home health care dealers are consolidating which may result in greater concentration of market power. as the health care industry consolidates, competition to provide goods and services to industry participants may become more intense. these industry participants may try to use their market power to negotiate price concessions or reductions for medical devices and components produced by us. if we are forced to reduce our prices because of consolidation in the health care industry, our revenues may decrease and our consolidated earnings, financial condition, and/or cash flows may suffer.
if we are unable to support our continued growth, our business could suffer.    we have experienced rapid and substantial growth. as we continue to grow, the complexity of our operations increases, placing greater demands on our management. our ability to manage our growth effectively depends on our ability to implement and improve our financial and management information systems on a timely basis and to effect other changes in our business including, the ability to monitor and improve manufacturing systems, information technology, and quality and regulatory compliance systems, among others. unexpected difficulties during expansion, the failure to attract and retain qualified employees, the failure to successfully replace or upgrade our management information systems, the failure to manage costs or our inability to respond effectively to growth or plan for future expansion could cause our growth to stop. if we fail to manage our growth effectively and efficiently, our costs could increase faster than our revenues and our business results could suffer.
if we fail to integrate our recent acquisitions with our operations, our business could suffer.    we continue to integrate our recent acquisitions into our operations and we may find it difficult to integrate the operations as personnel may leave and licensees, distributors or suppliers may terminate their arrangements or demand amended terms to these arrangements. additionally, our management may have their attention diverted while trying to integrate these businesses. if we are not able to successfully integrate the operations, we may not realize the anticipated benefits of the acquisitions.
we are subject to various risks relating to international activities that could affect our overall profitability.    we manufacture substantially all of our products outside the united states and sell a significant portion of our products in non-u.s. markets. sales outside north and latin america accounted for approximately 43% and 46% of our net revenues in the years ended june 30, 2015 and 2014, respectively. we expect that sales within these areas will account for approximately 45% of our net revenues in the foreseeable future. our sales and operations outside of the u.s. are subject to several difficulties and risks that are separate and distinct from those we face in the u.s., including:
•   fluctuations in currency exchange rates;
•   compliance with foreign medical device manufacturing regulations;
•   difficulty in enforcing agreements and collecting receivables through foreign legal systems;
•   reduction in third-party payor reimbursement for our products;
•   inability to obtain import licenses;
•   changes in trade policies and in u.s. and foreign tax policies;
•   possible changes in export or import restrictions; and
•   the modification or introduction of other governmental policies with potentially adverse effects.
any of the above factors may have a material adverse effect on our ability to increase or maintain our non-u.s sales.
government and private insurance plans may not adequately reimburse our customers for our products, which could result in reductions in sales or selling prices for our products.    our ability to sell our products depends in large part on the extent to which coverage and reimbursement for our products will be available from government health administration authorities, private health insurers and other organizations. these third-party payers are increasingly challenging the prices charged for medical products and services and can, without notice, deny coverage for our products or treatments that may include the use of our products. therefore, even if a product is approved for marketing, we cannot make assurances that coverage and reimbursement will be available for the product, that the reimbursement amount will be adequate or that the reimbursement amount, even if initially adequate, will not be subsequently reduced. for example, in some markets, such as spain, france and germany, government coverage and reimbursement are currently available for the purchase or rental of our products but are subject to constraints such as price controls or unit sales limitations. in other markets, such as australia, there is currently limited or no reimbursement for devices that treat sdb conditions. as we continue to develop new products, those products will generally not qualify for coverage and reimbursement until they are approved for marketing, if at all.
in the united states, we sell our products primarily to home healthcare dealers, hospitals and to sleep clinics. reductions in reimbursement to our customers by third-party payers, if they occur, may have a material impact on our customers and, therefore, may indirectly affect our sales to, or the collectability of receivables we have from, those customers. a development affecting reimbursement negatively stems from the medicare competitive bidding program mandated by the medicare prescription drug, improvement, and modernization act of 2003, or mma. under the program, our customers who provide home healthcare services must compete to offer products in designated competitive bidding areas, or cbas. under ppaca, by 2016, the competitive bidding process must either be rolled-out nationally or medicare prices in non-competitive bidding areas must be reduced to match competitive bidding prices.
we cannot predict at this time the full impact the competitive bidding program and the developments in the competitive bidding program will have on our business and financial condition.
healthcare reform, including recently enacted legislation, may have a material adverse effect on our industry and our results of operations.    in march 2010, the patient protection and affordable care act, as amended by the health care and education reconciliation act (collectively, the “ppaca”) was signed into law in the united states. the ppaca makes changes that are expected to impact the medical device industry. one of the principal purposes of the ppaca was to expand health insurance coverage to approximately 32 million americans who were uninsured. the ppaca requires adults not covered by an employer- or government-sponsored insurance plan to maintain health insurance coverage or pay a penalty, a provision commonly referred to as the individual mandate. we cannot predict the impact of these coverage expansions, if any, on the sales of our products.
the ppaca also contains a number of provisions designed to generate the revenues necessary to fund the coverage expansions. this includes new fees or taxes on certain health-related industries,
including medical device manufacturers. beginning in 2013, entities that manufacture, produce or import medical devices were required to pay an excise tax in an amount equal to 2.3% of the price for which such devices are sold in the united states. this excise tax is applicable to our products that are primarily used in hospitals and sleep labs, which includes the apnealink, vpap tx, certain respiratory care and dental sleep products. in addition to the competitive bidding changes discussed above, the ppaca also includes, among other things, demonstrations to develop organizations that are paid under a new payment methodology for voluntary coordination of care by groups of providers, such as physicians and hospitals, and the establishment of a new patient-centered outcomes research institute to oversee, identify priorities in and conduct comparative clinical effectiveness research. the increased funding and focus on comparative clinical effectiveness research, which compares and evaluates the risks and benefits, clinical outcomes, effectiveness and appropriateness of products, may result in lower reimbursements by payers for our products and decreased profits to us.
other federal legislative changes have been proposed and adopted since the ppaca was enacted. on august 2, 2011, the president signed into law the budget control act of 2011, which, among other things, creates the joint select committee on deficit reduction to recommend proposals in spending reductions to congress. the joint select committee did not achieve a targeted deficit reduction of at least $1.2 trillion for the years 2013 through 2021, triggering the legislation’s automatic reduction to several government programs. this includes aggregate reductions to medicare payments to providers, including home healthcare companies, of up to 2% per fiscal year, which went into effect on april 1, 2013 and will remain in effect through 2024 unless additional congressional action is taken. on january 2, 2013, the american taxpayer relief act of 2012, or the atra, was signed into law, which, among other things, further reduced medicare payments to several providers, including hospitals, and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years.
various healthcare reform proposals have also emerged at the state level within the united states.
the ppaca as well as other federal and/or state healthcare reform measures that may be adopted in the future, singularly or in the aggregate, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
failure to comply with anti-kickback and fraud regulations could result in substantial penalties and changes in our business operations.    although we do not provide healthcare services, submit claims for third-party reimbursement, or receive payments directly from medicare, medicaid or other third-party payors for our products, we are subject to healthcare fraud and abuse regulation and enforcement by federal, state and foreign governments, which could significantly impact our business. in the united states, the laws that may affect our ability to operate include, but are not limited to:
•                                                       the federal anti-kickback statute, which prohibits, among other things, persons and entities from knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving, offering, or paying remuneration, directly or indirectly, in cash or in kind, in exchange for or to induce either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, lease, order or recommendation of, any good, facility, item or service for which payment may be made, in whole or in part, under federal healthcare programs such as medicare and medicaid. a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of this statute or specific intent to violate it to have committed a violation. the u.s. government has interpreted this law broadly to apply to the marketing and sales activities of manufacturers and distributors like us;
•                                                     federal civil and criminal false claims laws and civil monetary penalty laws, including civil whistleblower or qui tam actions, that prohibit, among other things, knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, claims for payment or approval to the federal government that are false or fraudulent, knowingly making a false statement material to an obligation to pay or transmit money or property to the federal government or knowingly concealing or knowingly and improperly
avoiding or decreasing an obligation to pay or transmit money or property to the federal government. these laws may apply to manufacturers and distributors who provide information on coverage, coding, and reimbursement of their products to persons who do bill third-party payers;
•                                                the federal health insurance portability and accountability act of 1996, or hipaa, which created federal criminal laws that prohibit executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or making false statements relating to healthcare matters. a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of these statutes or specific intent to violate them to have committed a violation;
•                                                       hipaa, as amended by the health information technology for economic and clinical health act of 2009, or hitech, and their respective implementing regulations, which impose requirements on certain covered healthcare providers, health plans and healthcare clearinghouses as well as their business associates that perform services for them that involve individually identifiable health information, relating to the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information without appropriate authorization, including mandatory contractual terms as well as directly applicable privacy and security standards and requirements;
•                                                      the federal physician sunshine act requirements under the ppaca, which impose new reporting and disclosure requirements on device and drug manufacturers for any “transfer of value” made or distributed by certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics, and medical supplies to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors) and teaching hospitals, and ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members.
•                                                       state and foreign law equivalents of each of the above federal laws, such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws that may apply to items or services reimbursed by any third-party payor, including commercial insurers; state laws that require device companies to comply with the industry’s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government, or otherwise restrict payments that may be made to healthcare providers and other potential referral sources; state laws that require device manufacturers to report information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and other healthcare providers or marketing expenditures; and state and foreign laws governing the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by hipaa.
the scope and enforcement of these laws are uncertain and subject to rapid change in the current environment of healthcare reform, especially in light of the lack of applicable precedent and regulations. federal and state enforcement bodies have recently increased their scrutiny of interactions between healthcare companies and healthcare providers, which has led to a number of investigations, prosecutions, convictions and settlements in the healthcare industry. responding to investigations can be time-and resource-consuming and can divert management’s attention from the business. additionally, as a result of these investigations, healthcare providers and entities may have to agree to additional onerous compliance and reporting requirements as part of a consent decree or corporate integrity agreement. any such investigation or settlement could increase our costs or otherwise have an adverse effect on our business. we also are subject to foreign fraud and abuse laws, which vary by country.
if our operations are found to be in violation of any of the laws described above or any other governmental regulations that apply to us now or in the future, we may be subject to penalties, including civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, exclusion from governmental health care programs, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our financial results.
complying with food and drug administration, or fda, and other regulations is an expensive and time-consuming process, and any failure to comply could have a materially adverse effect
on our business, financial condition, or results of operations.    we are subject to extensive u.s. federal, state, local and international regulations regarding our business activities. failure to comply with these regulations could result in, among other things, recalls of our products, substantial fines and criminal charges against us or against our employees. furthermore, our products could be subject to recall if the fda, other regulators or we determine, for any reason, that our products are not safe or effective. any recall or other regulatory action could increase our costs, damage our reputation, affect our ability to supply customers with the quantity of products they require and materially affect our operating results.
product sales, introductions or modifications may be delayed or canceled as a result of fda regulations or similar foreign regulations, which could cause our sales and profits to decline.    unless a product is exempt, before we can market or sell a new medical device in the united states, we must obtain fda clearance or approval, which can be a lengthy and time-consuming process. we generally receive clearance from the fda to market our products in the united states under section 510(k) of the federal food, drug, and cosmetic act or our products are exempt from the section 510(k) clearance process. the 510(k) clearance process can be expensive, time-consuming and uncertain. in the 510(k) clearance process, the fda must determine that a proposed device is “substantially equivalent” to a device legally on the market, known as a “predicate” device, with respect to intended use, technology and safety and effectiveness, in order to clear the proposed device for marketing. the fda has a high degree of latitude when evaluating submissions and may determine that a proposed device submitted for 510(k) clearance is not substantially equivalent to a predicate device. after a device receives 510(k) premarket notification clearance from the fda, any modification that could significantly affect its safety or effectiveness, or that would constitute a major change in the intended use of the device, technology, materials, packaging, and certain manufacturing processes may require a new 510(k) clearance or premarket approval. we have modified some of our section 510(k) approved products without submitting new section 510(k) notices, which we do not believe were required. however, if the fda disagrees with us and requires us to submit new section 510(k) notifications for modifications to our existing products, we may be required to stop marketing the products while the fda reviews the section 510(k) notification.
any new product introduction or existing product modification could be subjected to a lengthier, more rigorous fda examination process. for example, in certain cases we may need to conduct clinical trials of a new product before submitting a 510(k) notice. we may also be required to obtain premarket approvals for certain of our products. indeed, recent trends in the fda’s review of premarket notification submissions suggest that the fda is often requiring manufacturers to provide new, more expansive, or different information regarding a particular device than what the manufacturer anticipated upon 510(k) submission. this has resulted in increasing uncertainty and delay in the premarket notification review process.
for example, the fda is currently reviewing its guidance describing when it believes a manufacturer is obligated to submit a new 510(k) for modifications or changes to a previously cleared device. the fda is expected to issue revised guidance to assist device manufacturers in making this determination. it is unclear whether the fda’s approach in this new guidance will result in substantive changes to existing policy and practice regarding the assessment of whether a new 510(k) is required for changes or modifications to existing devices. the fda’s ongoing review of the 510(k) program may make it more difficult for us to make modifications to our previously cleared products, either by imposing more strict requirements on when a manufacturer must submit a new 510(k) for a modification to a previously cleared product, or by applying more onerous review criteria to such submissions. fda continues to review its 510(k) clearance process which could result in additional changes to regulatory requirements or guidance documents which could increase the costs of compliance, or restrict our ability to maintain current clearances. the requirements of the more
rigorous premarket approval process and/or significant changes to the section 510(k) clearance process could delay product introductions and increase the costs associated with fda compliance. marketing and sale of our products outside the united states are also subject to regulatory clearances and approvals, and if we fail to obtain these regulatory approvals, our sales could suffer. we cannot assure you that any new products we develop will receive required regulatory approvals from u.s. or foreign regulatory agencies.
we are subject to substantial regulation related to quality standards applicable to our manufacturing and quality processes. our failure to comply with these standards could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations.    the fda regulates the approval, manufacturing, and sales and marketing of many of our products in the u.s. significant government regulation also exists in canada, japan, europe, and other countries in which we conduct business. as a device manufacturer, we are required to register with the fda and are subject to periodic inspection by the fda for compliance with the fda’s quality system regulation requirements, which require manufacturers of medical devices to adhere to certain regulations, including testing, quality control and documentation procedures. in addition, the federal medical device reporting regulations require us to provide information to the fda whenever there is evidence that reasonably suggests that a device may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury or, if a malfunction were to occur, could cause or contribute to a death or serious injury. compliance with applicable regulatory requirements is subject to continual review and is rigorously monitored through periodic inspections by the fda. in the european community, we are required to maintain certain iso certifications in order to sell our products and must undergo periodic inspections by notified bodies to obtain and maintain these certifications. failure to comply with current governmental regulations and quality assurance guidelines could lead to temporary manufacturing shutdowns, product recalls or related field actions, product shortages or delays in product manufacturing. efficacy or safety concerns, an increase in trends of adverse events in the marketplace, and/or manufacturing quality issues with respect to our products could lead to product recalls or related field actions, withdrawals, and/or declining sales.
our products are the subject of clinical trials conducted by us, our competitors, or other third parties, the results of which may be unfavorable, or perceived as unfavorable, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.    as a part of the regulatory process of obtaining marketing clearance for new products and new indications for existing products, we conduct and participate in numerous clinical trials with a variety of study designs, patient populations, and trial endpoints. unfavorable or inconsistent clinical data from existing or future clinical trials conducted by us, by our competitors, or by third parties, or the market’s or regulatory bodies’ perception of this clinical data, may adversely impact our ability to obtain product approvals, our position in, and share of, the markets in which we participate, and our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
off-label marketing of our products could result in substantial penalties.    the fda strictly regulates the promotional claims that may be made about fda-cleared products. in particular, clearance under section 510(k) only permits us to market our products for the uses indicated on the labeling cleared by the fda. we may request additional label indications for our current products, and the fda may deny those requests outright, require additional expensive clinical data to support any additional indications or impose limitations on the intended use of any cleared products as a condition of clearance. if the fda determines that we have marketed our products for off-label use, we could be subject to fines, injunctions or other penalties. it is also possible that other federal, state or foreign enforcement authorities might take action if they consider our business activities to constitute promotion of an off-label use, which could result in significant penalties, including, but not limited to, criminal, civil and administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, exclusion from participation in government
healthcare programs, and the curtailment of our operations. any of these events could significantly harm our business and results of operations and cause our stock price to decline.
disruptions in the supply of components from our single source suppliers could result in a significant reduction in sales and profitability.    we purchase uniquely configured components for our devices from various suppliers, including some who are single-source suppliers for us. we cannot assure you that a replacement supplier would be able to configure its components for our devices on a timely basis or, in the alternative, that we would be able to reconfigure our devices to integrate the replacement part. a reduction or halt in supply while a replacement supplier reconfigures its components, or while we reconfigure our devices for the replacement part, would limit our ability to manufacture our devices, which could result in a significant reduction in sales and profitability. we cannot assure you that our inventories would be adequate to meet our production needs during any prolonged interruption of supply.
we are subject to potential product liability claims that may exceed the scope and amount of our insurance coverage, which would expose us to liability for uninsured claims.    we are subject to potential product liability claims as a result of the design, manufacture and marketing of medical devices. any product liability claim brought against us, with or without merit, could result in the increase of our product liability insurance rates. in addition, we would have to pay any amount awarded by a court in excess of our policy limits. our insurance policies have various exclusions, and thus we may be subject to a product liability claim for which we have no insurance coverage, in which case, we may have to pay the entire amount of any award. we cannot assure you that our insurance coverage will be adequate or that all claims brought against us will be covered by our insurance and we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain insurance in the future on terms acceptable to us or at all. a successful product liability claim brought against us in excess of our insurance coverage, if any, may require us to pay substantial amounts, which could harm our business.
our intellectual property may not protect our products, and/or our products may infringe on the intellectual property rights of third-parties.    we rely on a combination of patents, trade secrets and non-disclosure agreements to protect our intellectual property. our success depends, in part, on our ability to obtain and maintain united states and foreign patent protection for our products, their uses and our processes to preserve our trade secrets and to operate without infringing on the proprietary rights of third-parties. we have a number of pending patent applications, and we do not know whether any patents will issue from any of these applications. we do not know whether any of the claims in our issued patents or pending applications will provide us with any significant protection against competitive products or otherwise be commercially valuable. legal standards regarding the validity of patents and the proper scope of their claims are still evolving, and there is no consistent law or policy regarding the valid breadth of claims. additionally, there may be third-party patents, patent applications and other intellectual property relevant to our products and technology which are not known to us and that block or compete with our products.
•   we will not have adequate remedies for infringement;
•   our trade secrets will become known to or independently developed by our competitors; or
•   third-parties will be issued patents that may prevent the sale of our products or require us to license and pay fees or royalties in order for us to be able to market some of our products.
litigation may be necessary to enforce patents issued to us, to protect our proprietary rights, or to defend third-party claims that we have infringed upon proprietary rights of others. the defense and
prosecution of patent claims, including these pending claims, as well as participation in other inter-party proceedings, can be expensive and time-consuming, even in those instances in which the outcome is favorable to us. if the outcome of any litigation or proceeding brought against us were adverse, we could be subject to significant liabilities to third-parties, could be required to obtain licenses from third-parties, could be forced to design around the patents at issue or could be required to cease sales of the affected products. a license may not be available at all or on commercially viable terms, and we may not be able to redesign our products to avoid infringement. additionally, the laws regarding the enforceability of patents vary from country to country, and we cannot assure you that any patent issues we face will be uniformly resolved, or that local laws will provide us with consistent rights and benefits.
we are subject to tax audits by various tax authorities in many jurisdictions.    from time to time we may be audited by tax authorities in various jurisdictions. any final assessment resulting from such audits could result in material changes to our past or future taxable income, tax payable or deferred tax assets, and could require us to pay penalties and interest that could materially adversely affect our financial results.
our quarterly operating results are subject to fluctuation for a variety of reasons.    our operating results have, from time to time, fluctuated on a quarterly basis and may be subject to similar fluctuations in the future. these fluctuations may result from a number of factors, including:
•   the introduction of new products by us or our competitors;
•   the success and costs of our marketing efforts in new regions;
•   changes in third-party payor reimbursement;
•   timing of regulatory clearances and approvals;
•   expenditures incurred for research and development;
•   competitive pricing in different regions;
•   the effect of foreign currency transaction gains or losses; and
•   other activities of our competitors.
fluctuations in our quarterly operating results may cause the market price of our common stock to fluctuate.
if a natural or man-made disaster strikes our manufacturing facilities, we will be unable to manufacture our products for a substantial amount of time and our sales and profitability will decline.    our facilities and the manufacturing equipment we use to produce our products would be costly to replace and could require substantial lead-time to repair or replace. the facilities may be affected by natural or man-made disasters and in the event they were affected by a disaster, we would be forced to rely on third-party manufacturers. although we believe we possess adequate insurance for the disruption of our business from causalities, such insurance may not be sufficient to cover all of our potential losses and may not continue to be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all.
delaware law and provisions in our charter and could make it difficult for another company to acquire us.    provisions of our certificate of incorporation may have the effect of delaying or preventing changes in control or management which might be beneficial to us or our security holders. in particular, our board of directors is divided into three classes, serving for staggered three-year terms. because of this classification, it will require at least two annual meetings to elect directors
constituting a majority of our board of directors. additionally, our board of directors has the authority to issue up to 2,000,000 shares of preferred stock and to determine the price, rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions, including voting rights, of those shares without further vote or action by the stockholders. the rights of the holders of our common stock will be subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of any preferred stock that may be issued in the future. the issuance of preferred stock may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control, may discourage bids for our common stock at a premium over the market price of our common stock and may adversely affect the market price of our common stock and the voting and other rights of the holders of our common stock.
you may not be able to enforce the judgments of u.s. courts against some of our assets or officers and directors.    a substantial portion of our assets are located outside the united states. additionally, some of our directors and executive officers reside outside the united states, along with all or a substantial portion of their assets. as a result, it may not be possible for investors to enforce judgments of u.s. courts relating to any liabilities under u.s. securities laws against our assets, those persons or their assets. in addition, investors may not be able to pursue claims based on u.s. securities laws against these assets or these persons in australian courts, where most of these assets and persons reside.
we are increasingly dependent on information technology systems and infrastructure.    our technology systems are potentially vulnerable to breakdown or other interruption by fire, power loss, system malfunction, unauthorized access and other events. likewise, data privacy breaches by employees and others with both permitted and unauthorized access to our systems may pose a risk that sensitive data may be exposed to unauthorized persons or to the public, or may be permanently lost. while we have invested heavily in the protection of data and information technology and in related training, there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent significant breakdowns, breaches in our systems or other cyber incidents that could have a material adverse effect upon the reputation, business, operations or financial condition of the company. in addition, significant implementation issues may arise as we continue to consolidate and outsource certain computer operations and application support activities.
our results of operations may be materially affected by global economic conditions generally, including conditions in the financial markets.    recently, concerns over inflation, energy costs, geopolitical issues, the availability and cost of credit, and the ability of sovereign nations to pay their debts have contributed to increased volatility and diminished expectations for the economy and the financial markets going forward. these factors, combined with volatile commodity prices, declining business and consumer confidence and increased unemployment, have precipitated an economic slowdown. it is difficult to predict how long the current economic conditions will continue and whether the economic conditions will continue to deteriorate. if the economic climate in the united states or outside the united states continues to deteriorate or there is a shift in government spending priorities, customers or potential customers could reduce or delay their purchases, which could impact our revenue, our ability to manage inventory levels, collect customer receivables, and ultimately decrease our profitability.
item 7   management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
overview management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is intended to help the reader understand the results of operations and financial condition of resmed inc and subsidiaries. it is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with the selected financial data and consolidated financial statements and notes included elsewhere in this report.
we are a leading developer, manufacturer and distributor of medical equipment for treating, diagnosing, and managing sleep-disordered breathing (“sdb”) and other respiratory disorders. during the fiscal year, we continued our efforts to build awareness of the consequences of untreated sdb and to grow our business in this market. in our efforts, we have attempted to raise awareness through market and clinical initiatives and by highlighting the increasing link between the potential effects sdb can have on co-morbidities such as cardiac disease, diabetes, hypertension and obesity.
there are many studies being conducted that provide new evidence that treating sdb and osa can improve health, quality of life and also mitigate the dangers of sleep apnea in occupational health and safety, especially in the transport industry. evidence continues to mount supporting the role of sdb therapy for disease prevention, improvement of quality of life and healthcare cost reduction.
we are committed to ongoing investment in research and development and product enhancements. during fiscal year 2015, we invested approximately $114.9 million on research and development activities, which represents approximately 7% of net revenues. since the development of cpap, we have developed a number of innovative products for the treatment of sdb and other respiratory disorders including airflow generators, diagnostic products, mask systems, headgear and other accessories. during fiscal year 2015, we released significant new products across our flow generator categories, including the airsensetm 10, aircurvetm 10, airviewtm and lumis as well as the airviewtm, our cloud-based remote monitoring and therapy management system. the release of these products as well as the release of airfit™ p10, airfit™ n10 and airfit™f10 masks and the astral™, in fiscal 2014, and a robust product pipeline, will continue to provide us with a strong platform for future growth.
net revenue in fiscal year 2015 increased to $1,678.9 million, an increase of 8% compared to fiscal year 2014. gross profit increased for the year ended june 30, 2015 to $1,011.4 million, from $989.8 million for the year ended june 30, 2014, an increase of $21.6 million or 2%. our net income for the year ended june 30, 2015 was $352.9 million or $2.47 per diluted share compared to net income of $345.3 million or $2.39 per diluted share for the year ended june 30, 2014.
total operating cash flow for fiscal year 2015 was $383.2 million and at june 30, 2015, our cash and cash equivalents totaled $717.2 million. at june 30, 2015, our total assets were $2.2 billion and our stockholders’ equity was $1.6 billion. during fiscal year 2015, we repurchased 2.7 million shares at a cost of $152.6 million under our share repurchase program, compared to 4.4 million shares at a cost of $208.1 million during fiscal year 2014. we paid a quarterly dividend of $0.28 per share during fiscal 2015 with a total amount of $157.3 million paid to stockholders.
in order to provide a framework for assessing how our underlying businesses performed, excluding the effect of foreign currency fluctuations, we provide certain financial information on a “constant currency basis”, which is in addition to the actual financial information presented. in order to calculate our constant currency information, we translate the current period financial information using the foreign currency exchange rates that were in effect during the previous comparable period. however, constant currency measures should not be considered in isolation or as an alternative to
u.s. dollar measures that reflect current period exchange rates, or to other financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles.
net revenues.    net revenue increased for the year ended june 30, 2015 to $1,678.9 million from $1,555.0 million for the year ended june 30, 2014, an increase of $123.9 million or 8% (a 13% increase on a constant currency basis). the increase in net revenue was attributable to an increase in unit sales of our flow generators, masks and accessories, partially offset by a decline in average selling prices. movements in international currencies against the u.s. dollar negatively impacted net revenues by approximately $74.5 million for the year ended june 30, 2015.
net revenue in north and latin america increased for the year ended june 30, 2015 to $962.7 million from $839.1 million for the year ended june 30, 2014, an increase of $123.6 million or 15%. the increase in net revenue is primarily attributable to an increase in unit sales of our flow generators, masks and accessories, partially offset by a decline in average selling prices.
net revenue in markets outside north and latin america increased for the year ended june 30, 2015 to $716.2 million from $715.8 million for the year ended june 30, 2014, an increase of $0.4 million or 0% (a 10% increase on a constant currency basis). the constant currency increase in sales outside north and latin america predominantly reflects an increase in unit sales of our flow generators, masks and accessories, partially offset by a decline in average selling prices.
net revenue from flow generators for the year ended june 30, 2015 totaled $975.9 million from $846.7 million for the year ended june 30, 2014, an increase of 15%, including an increase of 33% in north and latin america and an increase of 2% outside north and latin america (a 12% increase on a constant currency basis). net revenue from masks and other accessories for the year ended june 30, 2015 totaled $703.0 million from $708.3 million for the year ended june 30, 2014, a decrease of 1%, including an increase of 1% in north and latin america and a decrease of 4% outside north and latin america (a 6% increase on a constant currency basis). excluding the impact of foreign currency movements, flow generator sales for the year ended june 30, 2015 increased by 21%, and masks and accessories sales increased by 3%, compared to the year ended june 30, 2014.
the following table summarizes the percentage movements in our net revenue for the year ended june 30, 2015 compared to the year ended june 30, 2014:
masks and other accessories                   1   %                -4   %        -1   %                 6   %               3   %
gross profit.    gross profit increased for the year ended june 30, 2015 to $1,011.4 million from $989.8 million for the year ended june 30, 2014, an increase of $21.6 million or 2%. gross profit as a percentage of net revenue was 60.2% for the year ended june 30, 2015, compared with the 63.7% for the year ended june 30, 2014. the decline in gross margins was primarily due to declines in our average selling prices, an unfavorable product mix as sales of our lower margin products represented a higher proportion of our sales, an unfavorable impact from exchange rate movements as a result of the decline in the euro currency relative to u.s. dollar, and an unfavorable geographic mix.
selling, general and administrative expenses.    selling, general and administrative expenses increased for the year ended june 30, 2015 to $478.6 million from $450.4 million for the year ended june 30, 2014, an increase of $28.2 million or 5%. the selling, general and administrative expenses were favorably impacted by the movement of international currencies against the u.s. dollar, which decreased our expenses by approximately $29.6 million, as reported in u.s. dollars. excluding the impact of foreign currency movements, selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended june 30, 2015 increased by 13% compared to the year ended june 30, 2014. as a percentage of net revenue, selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended june 30, 2015 was 28.5%, compared to 29.0% for the year ended june 30, 2014.
the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily due to additional personnel to support our commercial activities, higher marketing expenditure associated with our recent product releases, an increase in our variable employee compensation costs, the impact of recent acquisitions, donations to the university of california – san diego and resmed foundation, and the release of contingent consideration in the prior year.
research and development expenses.    research and development expenses decreased for the year ended june 30, 2015 to $114.9 million from $118.2 million for the year ended june 30, 2014, a decrease of $3.4 million or 3%. the research and development expenses were favorably impacted by the depreciation of the australian dollar against the u.s. dollar, which decreased our expenses by approximately $11.0 million, as reported in u.s. dollars. excluding the impact of foreign currency movements, research and development expenses for the year ended june 30, 2015 increased by 6% compared to the year ended june 30, 2014. as a percentage of net revenue, research and development expenses were 6.8% for the year ended june 30, 2015 compared to 7.6% for the year ended june 30, 2014.
the increase in research and development expenses in constant currency terms was primarily due to an increase in the number of research and development personnel and an increase in materials and tooling costs incurred to facilitate development of new products.
amortization of acquired intangible assets.    amortization of acquired intangible assets for the year ended june 30, 2015 totaled $8.7 million compared to $9.7 million for the year ended june 30, 2014. the reduction in amortization expense was mainly attributable to certain acquired intangibles reaching the end of their useful life and therefore being fully amortized.
total other income, net.    total other income, net for the year ended june 30, 2015 was $26.7 million, compared with $26.0 million for the year ended june 30, 2014. the increase in total other income, net, was due primarily due to gains on foreign currency transactions, partially offset by lower interest income resulting from lower interest rates on cash balances held and the depreciation of the australian dollar against the u.s. dollar.
income taxes.    our effective income tax rate decreased to 19.0% for the year ended june 30, 2015 from 19.9% for the year ended june 30, 2014. our effective income tax rate is affected by the geographic mix of our taxable income, including lower taxes associated with our singapore and malaysia manufacturing operations. our singapore and malaysia operations operate under certain tax holidays and tax incentive programs which will expire in whole or in part at various dates through june 30, 2020. as of june 30, 2015, we have not provided for u.s. income taxes for the undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries. we intend for these earnings to be permanently reinvested outside the united states.
net income and earnings per share.    as a result of the factors above, our net income for the year ended june 30, 2015 was $352.9 million compared to net income of $345.3 million for the year ended june 30, 2014, an increase of 2% over the year ended june 30, 2014. as a result of the increase in our
net income and lower share count due to our stock repurchases, our earnings per share for the year ended june 30, 2015 was $2.47 per diluted share compared to $2.39 per diluted share for the year ended june 30, 2014, an increase of 3% over the year ended june 30, 2014.
net revenues.    net revenue increased for the year ended june 30, 2014 to $1,555.0 million from $1,514.5 million for the year ended june 30, 2013, an increase of $40.5 million or 3%. the increase in net revenue was attributable to an increase in unit sales of our flow generators, masks and accessories, partially offset by a decline in average selling prices. movements in international currencies against the u.s. dollar positively impacted net revenues by approximately $17.0 million for the year ended june 30, 2014. excluding the impact of foreign currency movements, sales for the year ended june 30, 2014 increased by 2% compared to the year ended june 30, 2013.
net revenue in north and latin america decreased for the year ended june 30, 2014 to $839.1 million from $851.6 million for the year ended june 30, 2013, a decrease of $12.5 million or 1%. the decrease in net revenue was primarily attributable to increased competitor activity and a decline in average selling prices, partially offset by an increase in unit sales of our flow generators, masks and accessories.
net revenue in markets outside north and latin america increased for the year ended june 30, 2014 to $715.8 million from $662.8 million for the year ended june 30, 2013, an increase of $53.0 million or 8%. movements in international currencies against the u.s. dollar favorably impacted international revenues by approximately $17.0 million during the year ended june 30, 2014. excluding the impact of foreign currency movements, international sales for the year ended june 30, 2014 increased by 5%, compared to the year ended june 30, 2013. the increase in sales outside north and latin america predominantly reflected an increase in unit sales of our flow generators, masks and accessories.
net revenue from flow generators for the year ended june 30, 2014 totaled $846.7 million from $823.5 million for the year ended june 30, 2013, an increase of 3%, including an increase of 7% outside north and latin america and a decrease of 2% in north and latin america. net revenue from masks and other accessories totaled $708.3 million, an increase of 3%, including an increase of 10% outside north and latin america and a 1% decrease in north and latin america, for the year ended june 30, 2014, compared to the year ended june 30, 2013.
the following table summarizes the percentage movements in our net revenue for the year ended june 30, 2014 compared to the year ended june 30, 2013:
masks and other accessories                  -1   %                10   %         3   %                 7   %               2   %
gross profit.    gross profit increased for the year ended june 30, 2014 to $989.8 million from $940.7 million for the year ended june 30, 2013, an increase of $49.1 million or 5%. gross profit as a percentage of net revenue was 63.7% for the year ended june 30, 2014, compared with 62.1% for the year ended june 30, 2013. the improvement in gross margins was primarily due to cost savings attributable to manufacturing and supply chain improvements, favorable change in product mix as sales of our higher margin products represented a higher proportion of our sales, positive foreign
currency impact due to the depreciation of the australian dollar against the u.s. dollar and euro, and a favorable geographic mix of sales, partially offset by declines in our average selling prices.
selling, general and administrative expenses.    selling, general and administrative expenses increased for the year ended june 30, 2014 to $450.4 million from $430.8 million for the year ended june 30, 2013, an increase of $19.6 million or 5%. the selling, general and administrative expenses were favorably impacted by the movement of international currencies against the u.s. dollar, which decreased our expenses by approximately $4.6 million, as reported in u.s. dollars. excluding the impact of foreign currency movements, selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended june 30, 2014 increased by 6% compared to the year ended june 30, 2013. as a percentage of net revenue, selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended june 30, 2014 was 29.0%, compared to 28.4% for the year ended june 30, 2013.
the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily due to an increase the number of sales and administrative personnel to support our growth and other expenses related to the increase in our sales including activities targeted at increasing the awareness and diagnosis of sdb, as well as an increase in our patent litigation expenses.
research and development expenses.    research and development expenses decreased for the year ended june 30, 2014 to $118.2 million from $120.1 million for the year ended june 30, 2013, a decrease of $1.9 million or 2%. the research and development expenses were favorably impacted by the depreciation of the australian dollar against the u.s. dollar, which decreased our expenses by approximately $9.0 million, as reported in u.s. dollars. excluding the impact of foreign currency movements, research and development expenses for the year ended june 30, 2014 increased by 6% compared to the year ended june 30, 2013. as a percentage of net revenue, research and development expenses were 7.6% for the year ended june 30, 2014 compared to 7.9% for the year ended june 30, 2013.
the increase in research and development expenses in constant currency terms was primarily due to an increase in the number of research and development personnel, consulting and contractor expenses and an increase in materials and tooling costs incurred to facilitate development of new products.
amortization of acquired intangible assets.    amortization of acquired intangible assets for the year ended june 30, 2014 totaled $9.7 million compared to $10.1 million for the year ended june 30, 2013.
restructuring expenses.    during the year ended june 30, 2014 we completed a reorganization of our commercial and research and development teams. as a result of this reorganization we terminated the employment of approximately 1% of our employees at a total cost of $6.3 million.
total other income, net.    total other income, net for the year ended june 30, 2014 was $26.0 million, a decrease of $4.3 million compared with $30.3 million for the year ended june 30, 2013. the decrease in total other income, net, was due primarily to lower interest income resulting from lower interest rates on cash balances held, and the depreciation of the australian dollar against the u.s. dollar, partially offset by gains on foreign currency transactions.
income taxes.    our effective income tax rate was 19.9% for the year ended june 30, 2014 compared to 20.2% for the year ended june 30, 2013. our effective income tax rate is affected by the geographic mix of our taxable income, including lower taxes associated with our singapore and malaysia manufacturing operations. our singapore and malaysia operations operate under certain tax holidays and tax incentive programs which will expire in whole or in part at various dates through june 30, 2020. as of june 30, 2014, we had not provided for u.s. income taxes for the undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries. we intend these earnings to be permanently reinvested outside the united states.
net income and earnings per share.    as a result of the factors above, our net income for the year ended june 30, 2014 was $345.3 million compared to net income of $307.1 million for the year ended june 30, 2013, an increase of 12% over the year ended june 30, 2013. as a result of the increase in our net income and lower share count due to our stock repurchases, our earnings per share for the year ended june 30, 2014 was $2.39 per diluted share compared to $2.10 per diluted share for the year ended june 30, 2013, an increase of 14% over the year ended june 30, 2013.
liquidity and capital resources as of june 30, 2015 and june 30, 2014, we had cash and cash equivalents of $717.2 million and $905.7 million, respectively. working capital was $1.2 billion and $1.3 billion, at june 30, 2015 and june 30, 2014, respectively.
as of june 30, 2015 and june 30, 2014, our cash and cash equivalent balances held within the united states amounted to $32.0 million and $29.0 million, respectively. our remaining cash and cash equivalent balances at june 30, 2015 and june 30, 2014, of $685.2 million and $876.7 million, respectively, were held by our non-u.s. subsidiaries, indefinitely invested outside the united states. our cash and cash equivalent balances are held at highly rated financial institutions.
as of june 30, 2015, the cumulative amount of undistributed earnings from our foreign subsidiaries was approximately $1.4 billion, and those undistributed earnings are considered permanently reinvested. we intend to reinvest the cash and cash equivalents of those entities whose undistributed earnings are permanently reinvested in our international operations. we reassess our reinvestment assertions each reporting period and currently believe that we have sufficient sources of liquidity to support our assertion that the undistributed earnings held by foreign subsidiaries may be considered to be reinvested permanently. if these earnings had not been permanently reinvested, deferred taxes of approximately $364 million would have been recognized in our consolidated financial statements.
we repatriated $130 million and $191 million to the u.s. in fiscal years 2015 and 2014, respectively, from earnings generated in each of those years. the amount of the current year foreign earnings that we have repatriated to the u.s. in the past has been determined, and the amount that we expect to repatriate during fiscal year 2016 will be determined, based on a variety of factors, including current year earnings of our foreign subsidiaries, foreign investment needs and the cash flow needs we have in the u.s., such as for the repayment of debt, dividend distributions, and other domestic obligations. the majority of our repatriation of foreign subsidiaries’ earnings to the u.s. has historically occurred at year-end, although we may repatriate funds earlier in the year based on our business needs. when we repatriate funds to the u.s., we are required to pay taxes in the u.s. on these amounts based on applicable u.s. tax rates, net of any foreign tax that would be allowed to be deducted or taken as a credit against u.s. income tax. we paid $17.1 million and $10.7 million in additional u.s. federal income taxes in fiscal years 2015 and 2014, respectively, as a result of repatriation of foreign earnings generated in those years.
inventories at june 30, 2015 increased by $81.4 million or 49% to $246.9 million compared to june 30, 2014 inventories of $165.4 million. the increase in inventories was due mainly to new product introductions and an increase in inventories held to support the increase in unit sales.
accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts, at june 30, 2015 were $362.6 million, an increase of $3.0 million or 1% over the june 30, 2014 accounts receivable balance of $359.6 million. accounts receivable days sales outstanding of 69 days at june 30, 2015 decreased by 7 days compared to 76 days at june 30, 2014. our allowance for doubtful accounts as a percentage of total accounts receivable at june 30, 2015 and 2014 was 3.3% and 3.0%, respectively. the credit quality of our customers remains broadly consistent with our past experience.
during the year ended june 30, 2015, we generated cash of $383.2 million from operations. this was slightly lower than the cash generated from operations for the year ended june 30, 2014 of $391.3 million, which was primarily the result of the increase in our inventory balance. movements in foreign currency exchange rates during the year ended june 30, 2015 had the effect of decreasing our cash and cash equivalents by $172.8 million, as reported in u.s. dollars. during fiscal years 2015 and 2014, we repurchased 2.7 million and 4.4 million shares at a cost of $152.6 million and $208.1 million, respectively. during fiscal years 2015 and 2014, we also paid dividends totaling $157.3 million and $141.5 million, respectively.
details of other commercial commitments at june 30, 2015 are as follows:
amount of commitment expiration per fiscal year in $000’s                      total   2016               2017                2018                  2019                2020                        thereafter standby letter of credit      $7,713            $-                  $-                $6,942                  $-                  $-                      $771
*the above guarantees mainly relate to requirements under contractual obligations with insurance companies transacting with our german subsidiaries and guarantees provided under our facility leasing obligations.
credit facility on october 31, 2013, we entered into a credit agreement, as borrower, with lenders, including union bank, n.a., as administrative agent, joint lead arranger, swing line lender and letters of credit issuer, and hsbc bank usa, national association, as syndication agent and joint lead arranger. our obligations under the credit agreement are guaranteed by resmed corp. and resmed motor technologies inc., two of our u.s. subsidiaries.
the credit agreement provides a $700 million senior unsecured five-year revolving credit facility, with an uncommitted option to increase the credit facility by an additional $300 million. the credit facility also includes a $25 million sublimit for letters of credit. the credit facility terminates on october 31, 2018, when all unpaid principal and interest under the loans must be repaid. the outstanding principal amount due under the credit facility will bear interest at a rate equal to libor plus 1.0% to 2.0% (depending on the then-applicable leverage ratio). at june 30, 2015, the interest rate that was being charged on the outstanding principal amount was 1.2%. an applicable commitment fee of 0.15% to 0.25% (depending on the then-applicable leverage ratio) applies on the unused portion of the credit facility.
when we entered into the credit agreement, we used a portion of the proceeds from the initial funding of the credit facility to repay the outstanding balance under our previous revolving credit facility with union bank, n.a and other lenders. on that repayment, the previous credit agreement, dated as of february 10, 2011, between us and lenders (including union bank, n.a., as administrative agent,
swing line lender and l/c issuer, hsbc bank usa, national association, as syndication agent and union bank, n.a., hsbc bank usa, national association, commonwealth bank of australia and wells fargo bank), was terminated and the commitments under the previous credit agreement were also terminated.
our obligations under the current credit agreement are unsecured but are guaranteed by two of our u.s. subsidiaries. the credit agreement contains customary covenants, including certain financial covenants and an obligation that we maintain certain financial ratios, including a maximum leverage ratio of funded debt to ebitda (as defined in the credit agreement) and an interest coverage ratio. the entire principal amount of the credit facility and any accrued but unpaid interest may be declared immediately due and payable if an event of default occurs, as defined in the credit agreement. events of default under the credit agreement include failure to make payments when due, the occurrence of a default in the performance of any covenants in the credit agreement or related documents, or certain changes of control of resmed inc., resmed corp., resmed motor technologies inc., resmed limited, resmed holdings ltd/llc or resmed eap holdings llc.
at june 30, 2015, we were in compliance with our debt covenants and there was $300.0 million outstanding under the credit agreement.
we expect to satisfy all of our liquidity requirements through a combination of cash on hand, cash generated from operations and debt facilities.
tax expense our income tax rate is governed by the laws of the regions in which our income is recognized. to date, a substantial portion of our income has been subject to income tax in australia where the statutory rate was 30% in fiscal years 2015, 2014, and 2013. during fiscal years 2015, 2014, and 2013, our consolidated effective tax rate has fluctuated between approximately 19% and approximately 20%. these fluctuations have resulted from, and future effective tax rates will depend on, numerous factors, including the amount of research and development expenditures for which an additional australian tax credit is available, the level of foreign earnings repatriated to the u.s., the geographic mix of taxable income and other tax credits or benefits available to us under applicable tax laws, including the lower statutory tax rates and other incentives associated with our singapore and malaysia manufacturing operations.
critical accounting principles and estimates the preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect our reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenues and expenses and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. we evaluate our estimates on an ongoing basis, including those estimates related to allowance for doubtful accounts, inventory adjustments, warranty obligations, goodwill, impaired assets, intangible assets, income taxes, deferred tax valuation allowances and stock-based compensation costs.
we state these accounting policies in the notes to the consolidated financial statements and at relevant sections in this discussion and analysis. the estimates are based on the information that is currently available to us and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. actual results could vary from those estimates under different assumptions or conditions.
we believe that the following critical accounting policies affect the more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements:
(1)    allowance for doubtful accounts. we maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from the inability of our customers to make required payments, which results in bad debt expense. we determine the adequacy of this allowance by periodically evaluating individual customer receivables, considering a customer’s financial condition, credit history and current economic conditions. if the financial condition of our customers were to deteriorate, resulting in an impairment of their ability to make payments, additional allowances may be required.
(2)    inventory adjustments. inventories are stated at lower of cost or market and are determined by the first-in, first-out method. we review the components of inventory on a regular basis for excess, obsolete and impaired inventory based on estimated future usage and sales. the likelihood of any material inventory write-downs depends on changes in competitive conditions, new product introductions by us or our competitors, or rapid changes in customer demand.
(3)    valuation of goodwill, intangible and other long-lived assets. we make assumptions in establishing the carrying value, fair value and estimated lives of our goodwill, intangibles and other long-lived assets. the criteria used for these evaluations include management’s estimate of the asset’s continuing ability to generate positive income from operations and positive cash flow in future periods compared to the carrying value of the asset, as well as the strategic significance of any identifiable intangible asset in our business objectives. if assets are considered to be impaired, we recognize as impairment the amount by which the carrying value of the assets exceeds their fair value. we base useful lives and related amortization or depreciation expense on our estimate of the period that the assets will generate revenues or otherwise be used by us. factors that would influence the likelihood of a material change in our reported results include significant changes in the asset’s ability to generate positive cash flow, loss of legal ownership or title to the asset, a significant decline in the economic and competitive environment on which the asset depends, significant changes in our strategic business objectives, utilization of the asset, and a significant change in the economic and/or political conditions in certain countries.
we conducted our annual review for goodwill impairment during the final quarter of fiscal 2015 using a quantitative assessment. the results of our annual review indicated that no impaired goodwill exists as the fair value for each reporting unit significantly exceeded its carrying value.
(4)    income tax. we assess our income tax positions and record tax benefits for all years subject to examination based upon management’s evaluation of the facts, circumstances, and information available at the reporting date. where we determine that it is not more likely than not that we would be able to realize all or part of our net deferred tax assets in the future, an adjustment to the deferred tax assets would be charged to income tax expense in the period such determination is made. likewise, if we later determine that it is more likely than not that the net deferred tax assets would be realized, the previously provided valuation allowance would be reversed. these changes to the valuation allowance, and resulting increases or decreases in income tax expense, could have a material effect on our operating results.
our income tax returns are based on calculations and assumptions that are subject to examination by various tax authorities. in addition, the calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws. although currently immaterial, we recognize liabilities for uncertain tax positions based on a two-step process. the first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on audit, including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if any. the second step is to measure the tax benefit as the largest amount that is more than 50% likely of being realized upon settlement. while we believe we have appropriate
support for the positions taken on our tax returns, we regularly assess the potential outcomes of examinations by tax authorities in determining the adequacy of our provision for income taxes, and adjust the income tax provision, income taxes payable and deferred taxes in the period in which the facts that give rise to a revision become known.
(5)    provision for warranty. we provide for the estimated cost of product warranties at the time the related revenue is recognized. we determine the amount of this provision by using a financial model, which takes into consideration actual historical expenses and potential risks associated with our different products. we use this financial model to calculate the future probable expenses related to warranty and the required level of the warranty provision. although we engage in product improvement programs and processes, our warranty obligation is affected by product failure rates and costs incurred to correct those product failures. should actual product failure rates or estimated costs to repair those product failures differ from our estimates, we would be required to revise our estimated warranty provision.
(6)    revenue recognition. we generally record revenue on product sales at the time of shipment, which is when title transfers to the customer. we initially defer service revenue received in advance from service contracts and recognize that deferred revenue ratably over the life of the service contract. we initially defer revenue we receive in advance from rental unit contracts and recognize that deferred revenue ratably over the life of the rental contract. otherwise, we recognize revenue from rental unit contracts ratably over the life of the rental contract. we include in revenue freight charges we bill to customers. we charge all freight-related expenses to cost of sales. taxes assessed by government authorities that are imposed on and concurrent with revenue-producing transactions, such as sales and value added taxes, are excluded from revenue.
we do not normally offer a right of return or other recourse with respect to the sale of our products, other than returns for product defects or other warranty claims. we do not recognize revenues if we offer a right of return or variable sale prices for subsequent events or activities. however, as part of our sales processes we may provide upfront discounts for large orders, one-time special pricing to support new product introductions, sales rebates for centralized purchasing entities or price-breaks for regular order volumes. we record the costs of all such programs as an adjustment to revenue. our products are predominantly therapy-based equipment and require no installation. therefore, we have no significant installation obligations.
for multiple-element arrangements, we allocate arrangement consideration to the deliverables by use of the relative selling price method. the selling price used for each deliverable is based on vendor–specific objective evidence.
(7)    stock-based compensation. we measure the compensation cost of all stock-based awards at fair value on the date of grant. we recognize that value as compensation expense over the service period, net of estimated forfeitures. we estimate the fair value of employee stock options and purchase rights granted using a black-scholes valuation model. the fair value of an award is affected by our stock price on the date of grant as well as other assumptions including the estimated volatility of our stock price over the term of the awards, the expected dividend per share and the expected life of the awards. the risk-free interest rate assumption we use is based upon the u.s. treasury yield curve at the time of grant appropriate for the expected life of the awards. expected volatilities are based on a combination of historical volatilities of our stock and the implied volatilities from tradeable options of our stock corresponding to the expected term of the options. we use a combination of the historic and implied volatilities as the addition of the implied volatility is more representative of our future stock price trends. while there is a tradeable market of options on our common stock, less emphasis is placed on the implied volatility of these options due to the relative low volumes of these traded options and the difference in the terms compared to our employee options. in order to determine the estimated period of time that we expect employees to hold their stock options, we use historical rates
by employee groups. the estimation of stock awards that will ultimately vest requires judgment, and to the extent actual results differ from our estimates, such amounts will be recorded as a cumulative adjustment in the period estimates are revised. the aforementioned inputs entered into the black-scholes valuation model we use to fair value our stock awards are subjective estimates and changes to these estimates will cause the fair value of our stock awards and related stock-based compensation expense we record to vary.
we estimate the fair value of restricted stock units based on the market value of the underlying shares as determined at the grant date less the fair value of dividends that holders are not entitled to, during the vesting period. we estimate the weighted average grant date fair value of performance restricted stock units, or prsus, which contain a market condition, using a monte-carlo simulation valuation model.
recently issued accounting pronouncements see note 3 – new accounting pronouncements to the consolidated financial statements for a description of recently issued accounting pronouncements, including the expected dates of adoption and estimated effects on our results of operations, financial positions and cash flows.
off-balance sheet arrangements as of june 30, 2015, we are not involved in any significant off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined in item 303(a)(4)(ii) of regulation s-k promulgated by the sec.