item 1a.   risk factors this form 10-k contains certain forward-looking information about us that is intended to be covered by the safe harbor for "forward-looking statements" provided by the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. words such as "guidance," "expect," "will," "may," "anticipate," "plan," "estimate," "project," "intend," "should," "can," "likely," "could," "outlook," "believe" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. these statements include statements about our plans, strategies and prospects. forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance. these statements are based upon our management's current beliefs and expectations and are subject to risk and uncertainties, including the risks set forth below in these risk factors, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in, or implied or projected by, the forward-looking information and statements. although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot assure you that the expectations will prove to be correct. accordingly, you should not place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this form 10-k. except to the extent required by applicable law or regulation, we undertake no obligation to update or publish revised forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this form 10-k or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.
general economic conditions can directly and adversely affect our operating results.
our business is directly affected by changes in national and general economic factors and overall economic activity that are outside of our control, including consumer confidence and interest rates. a weak economy generally results in decreases in volumes of waste generated, which adversely affects our revenues. in addition, we have a relatively high fixed-cost structure, which is difficult to adjust quickly to match declining waste volume levels. consumer uncertainty and the loss of consumer confidence may decrease overall economic activity and thereby limit the amount of services we provide. additionally, the decline in waste volumes may result in increased competitive pricing pressure and increased customer turnover, resulting in lower revenue and increased operating costs. we cannot assure you that worsening economic conditions would not have a significant adverse impact on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. further, recovery in the solid waste industry historically has lagged behind recovery in the general economy. accordingly, we cannot assure you that an improvement in general economic conditions will result in an immediate, or any, improvement in our consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
weakness in the u.s. economy may expose us to credit risk for amounts due from governmental agencies, large national accounts, industrial customers and others.
weakness in the u.s. economy reduces the amount of taxes collected by various governmental agencies. we provide services to a number of these agencies, including numerous municipalities. these governmental agencies may suffer financial difficulties resulting from a decrease in tax revenue and may ultimately be unable or unwilling to pay amounts owed to us. in addition, weakness in the economy may cause other customers, including our large national accounts, or industrial or energy services clients, to suffer financial difficulties and ultimately to be unable or unwilling to pay amounts owed to us. this could negatively impact our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the waste industry is highly competitive and includes competitors that may have greater financial and operational resources, flexibility to reduce prices or other competitive advantages that could make it difficult for us to compete effectively.
we principally compete with large national waste management companies, numerous municipalities, and numerous regional and local companies. competition for collection accounts is primarily based on price and the quality of services. competition for disposal business is primarily based on price, geographic location and quality of operations. one of our competitors may have greater financial and operational resources than we do. further, many counties and municipalities that operate their own waste collection and disposal facilities have the benefits of tax revenue or tax-exempt financing. our ability to obtain solid waste volume for our landfills also may be limited by the fact that some major collection operations also own or operate landfills to which they send their waste. in certain markets in which we do not own or operate a landfill, from time to time our collection operations may have difficulty competing effectively. if we were to lose market share or if we were to lower prices to address competitive issues, it could negatively impact our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we seek to secure price increases necessary to offset higher costs, to maintain or improve operating margins, and to obtain adequate returns on our substantial investments in assets such as our landfills. from time to time, our competitors reduce their prices in an effort to expand their market share. contractual, general economic or market-specific conditions also may limit our ability to raise prices. for example, many of our contracts have price adjustment provisions that are tied to an index such as the
consumer price index. particularly in a weak u.s. economy such as the current one, our costs may increase in excess of the increase, if any, in the consumer price index. this may continue to be the case even when the u.s. economy recovers because a recovery in the solid waste industry historically has lagged behind a recovery in the general economy. as a result, we may be unable to offset increases in costs, improve our operating margins and obtain adequate investment returns through price increases. price increases also might cause us to lose volume to lower-cost competitors.
we depend on fuel purchased in the open market to operate our collection and transfer trucks and other equipment used for collection, transfer and disposal. fuel prices are unpredictable and fluctuate significantly based on events beyond our control, including geopolitical developments, actions by the organization of the petroleum exporting countries and other oil and gas producers, supply and demand for oil and gas, war, terrorism and unrest in oil-producing countries, adverse weather and regional production patterns. due to contractual or market factors, we may not be able to offset such volatility through fuel recovery fees. our fuel costs were $362.4 million in 2015, or 4.0% of revenue, compared to $500.0 million in 2014, or 5.7% of revenue.
to manage our exposure to volatility in fuel prices, we have entered into multiple swap agreements whereby we receive or make payments to counter-parties should the price of fuel vary from a specified amount. during 2015, approximately 20% of our fuel volume purchases were hedged with swap agreements. additionally, we are able to collect fuel recovery fees from some customers. in general, we recover approximately 80% of our fuel costs with fuel recovery fees. at current consumption levels, a twenty-cent per gallon change in the price of diesel fuel changes our fuel costs by approximately $22 million on an annual basis. offsetting these changes in fuel expense would be changes in our fuel recovery fee charged to our customers. at current participation rates, we believe a twenty-cent per gallon change in the price of diesel fuel changes our fuel recovery fee by approximately $22 million. accordingly, a substantial rise or drop in fuel costs could result in a material impact to our revenue and cost of operations.
over the last several years, regulations have been adopted mandating changes in the composition of fuels for motor vehicles. the renewable fuel standards that the epa sets annually affect the type of fuel our motor vehicle fleet uses. pursuant to the energy independence and security act of 2007, the epa establishes annual renewable fuel volume requirements for four different categories of renewable fuels (renewable fuel, advanced biofuel, cellulosic biofuel, and biomass-based diesel). these volume requirements set standards for the proportion of refiners' or importers' total fuel volume that must contain renewable fuels (as designated by regulation). the total volume metrics for each year vary based upon a number of factors (e.g., the availability of such fuels), and it is difficult to predict the ultimate quantity that the epa will eventually mandate for 2016 and beyond. these regulations are one of many factors that may affect the cost of the fuel we use.
our operations also require the use of products (such as liners at our landfills) whose costs may vary with the price of petrochemicals. an increase in the price of petrochemicals could increase the cost of those products, which would increase our operating and capital costs. petrochemical prices, and hence our operating and capital costs, may be further affected by regulatory efforts to reduce greenhouse gases from the industries that produce such petrochemicals. we are also susceptible to increases in indirect fuel recovery fees from our vendors.
fluctuations in prices for recycled commodities that we sell to customers may adversely affect our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we purchase or collect and process recyclable materials such as paper, cardboard, plastics, aluminum and other metals for sale to third parties. our results of operations may be affected by changing prices or market requirements for recyclable materials. the resale and purchase prices of, and market demand for, recyclable materials are volatile due to changes in economic conditions and numerous other factors beyond our control. these fluctuations may affect our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. approximately 70% of our recycling center volume relates to occ, onp and other mixed paper.
historically, to manage our exposure to fluctuations in prices for recycled commodities, we have entered into multiple hedging arrangements whereby we receive or make payments to counter-parties should the price of recycled commodities vary from a specified amount or range. we currently have no hedges outstanding. at current volumes and mix of materials, we believe a $10 per ton change in the price of recycled commodities will change annual revenue and operating income by approximately $27 million and $18 million, respectively, on an annual basis. accordingly, a substantial rise or drop in recycled commodity prices could result in a material impact to our revenue and cost of operations.
adverse weather conditions, including those brought about by climate change, may limit our operations and increase the costs of collection and disposal.
our collection and landfill operations could be adversely impacted by extended periods of inclement weather, or by increased severity of weather and climate extremes resulting from climate change, some of which we may already be experiencing. recent studies suggest that global warming is occurring faster than previously projected, with the epa projecting a 3° to 12° fahrenheit temperature increase in the united states by the end of the century. in addition to sea level rise, this temperature increase is expected to result in more severe droughts, floods, and other extreme weather events. any of these factors could increase the volume of waste collected under our existing contracts (without corresponding compensation), interfere with collection and landfill operations, delay the development of landfill capacity or reduce the volume of waste generated by our customers. in addition, adverse weather conditions may result in the temporary suspension of our operations, which can significantly affect our operating results in the affected regions during those periods.
the solid waste industry is a capital-intensive industry and our capital expenditures may exceed current expectations, which could require us to obtain additional funding for our operations or impair our ability to grow our business.
our ability to remain competitive and to grow our business largely depends on our cash flow from operations and access to capital. if our capital efficiency programs cannot offset the impact of inflation and business growth, it may be necessary to increase the amount we spend. additionally, if we make acquisitions or further expand our operations, the amount we spend on capital, capping, closure, post-closure, environmental remediation and other items will increase. our cash needs also will increase if the expenditures for capping, closure, post-closure and remediation activities increase above our current estimates, which may occur over a long period due to changes in federal, state or local government requirements and other factors beyond our control. increases in expenditures would negatively impact our cash flows.
we may be unable to obtain or maintain required permits or to expand existing permitted capacity of our landfills, which could decrease our revenue and increase our costs.
we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain or maintain the permits we require to operate because permits to operate new landfills and transfer stations, or to expand the permitted capacity of existing landfills, have become more difficult and expensive to obtain and maintain. permits often take years to obtain as a result of numerous hearings and compliance requirements with regard to zoning, environmental and other regulations. these permits are also often subject to resistance from citizen or other groups and other political pressures. local communities and citizen groups, adjacent landowners or governmental agencies may oppose the issuance of a permit or approval we may need, allege violations of the permits under which we currently operate or laws or regulations to which we are subject, or seek to impose liability on us for environmental damage. responding to these challenges has at times increased our costs and extended the time associated with establishing new landfills and transfer stations and expanding existing landfills. in addition, failure to receive regulatory and zoning approval may prohibit us from establishing new landfills or transfer stations or expanding existing landfills. our failure to obtain the required permits to operate our landfills and transfer stations could have a material adverse impact on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. in addition, we may have to dispose collected waste at landfills operated by our competitors or haul the waste long distances at a higher cost to one of our other landfills, either of which could significantly increase our waste disposal costs.
if we do not appropriately estimate landfill capping, closure, post-closure and remediation costs, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected.
a landfill must be closed and capped, and post-closure maintenance commenced, once the landfill's permitted capacity is reached and additional capacity is not authorized. further, we undertake remediation activities at some of our solid waste facilities. we have significant financial obligations relating to capping, closure, post-closure and remediation costs at our existing owned or operated landfills, and will have material financial obligations with respect to any future owned or operated landfills. we establish accruals for the estimated costs associated with capping, closure, post-closure and remediation obligations. we could underestimate such costs, and our financial obligations for capping, closure, post-closure or remediation costs could exceed the amounts accrued or amounts otherwise receivable pursuant to trust funds established for this purpose. additionally, if a landfill must be closed earlier than expected or its remaining airspace is reduced for any other reason, the accruals for capping, closure, post-closure and remediation could be required to be accelerated. if our capping, closure, post-closure or remediation costs exceed the amounts accrued, or if such accruals are required to be accelerated, this could have a material adverse impact on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
most of the states in which we operate landfills require counties and municipalities to formulate comprehensive plans to reduce the volume of solid waste deposited in landfills through waste planning, composting, recycling or other programs. some state
and local governments mandate waste reduction at the source and prohibit the disposal of certain types of wastes, such as yard waste, at landfills. further, many of our customers voluntarily are diverting waste to alternatives to landfill disposal, such as recycling and composting, while also working to reduce the amount of waste they generate. many of the largest companies in the u.s. are setting zero-waste goals in which they strive to send no waste to landfills. although such actions help to protect our environment, they have reduced, and will in the future reduce, the volume of waste going to landfills and may affect the prices that we can charge for landfill disposal. accordingly, we cannot assure you that we will be able to operate our landfills at their current volumes or charge current prices for landfill disposal services due to possible decreases in demand for such services. if we cannot expand our service offerings and grow lines of business to service waste streams that do not go to landfills and to provide services for customers that wish to reduce waste entirely, this could have a negative impact on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. further, even if we can develop such service offerings and lines of business, disposal alternatives nonetheless could have a negative impact on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the possibility of landfill and transfer station site development projects, or expansion projects not being completed or certain other events could result in material charges to income.
in accordance with u.s. gaap, we capitalize certain expenditures relating to development, expansion and other projects. if a facility or operation is permanently shut down or determined to be impaired, or a development, expansion or other project is not completed or is determined to be impaired, we will charge against earnings any unamortized capitalized expenditures relating to such facility or project that we are unable to recover through sale, transfer or otherwise. we also carry a significant amount of goodwill on our consolidated balance sheets, which we must assess for impairment annually, and more frequently in the case of certain triggering events. we may incur charges against earnings in accordance with this policy, or other events may cause impairments. such charges could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations.
we are subject to costly environmental regulations and flow-control regulations that may affect our operating margins, restrict our operations and subject us to additional liability.
complying with laws and regulations governing the collection, treatment, storage, transfer and disposal of solid and hazardous wastes and materials, air quality and emissions of greenhouse gases, water quality and the remediation of contamination associated with the release of hazardous substances is costly. laws and regulations often require us to enhance or replace our equipment and to modify landfill operations or initiate final closure of a landfill. we cannot assure you that we will be able to implement price increases sufficient to offset the costs of complying with these laws and regulations. in addition, environmental regulatory changes could accelerate or increase expenditures for capping, closure, post-closure and environmental and remediation activities at solid waste facilities and obligate us to spend sums in addition to those presently accrued for such purposes.
our collection, transfer, and landfill operations are and will continue to be affected by state or local laws or regulations that restrict the transportation of solid waste across state, county or other jurisdictional lines or that direct the flow of waste to a specified facility or facilities. such laws and regulations could negatively affect our operations, resulting in declines in landfill volumes and increased costs of alternate disposal.
regulation of greenhouse gas emissions could impose costs on our operations, the magnitude of which we cannot yet estimate.
efforts to curtail the emission of greenhouse gases and to ameliorate the effects of climate change continue to progress. our landfill operations emit anthropogenic methane, identified as a greenhouse gas, and our vehicle fleet emits, among other things, carbon dioxide, which also is a greenhouse gas. conventional wisdom still suggests that passage of comprehensive, federal climate change legislation is highly unlikely. nonetheless, should comprehensive federal climate change legislation be enacted, we expect it to impose costs on our operations, the materiality of which we cannot predict.
absent comprehensive federal legislation to control greenhouse gas emissions, the epa is moving ahead administratively under its existing clean air act authority. the epa is compelled to issue rules by the u.s. supreme court's april 2007 massachusetts v. epa ruling that greenhouse gases are "pollutants" for purposes of the clean air act and the epa's december 2009 finding that continued emissions of greenhouse gases endanger human health and welfare. with respect to our light- and heavy-duty vehicle fleet, the epa has since finalized regulations limiting greenhouse gas emissions and increasing fuel economy standards. the epa and the nhtsa have finalized such regulations applicable to heavy-duty vehicles through model-year 2018 and to light-duty vehicles through model-year 2025. on june 19, 2015, epa and nhtsa proposed additional regulations that would impose more stringent standards for heavy-duty vehicles through model-year 2027. we cannot assure you that federal efforts to curtail greenhouse gas emissions and to increase the fuel efficiency of light-duty and heavy-duty vehicles will not have a material effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
with regard to greenhouse gas emissions from our landfills, on august 14, 2015, the epa issued proposed amendments to its regulations that would require large landfills that commenced construction, reconstruction or modification on or after july 17, 2014 to capture additional landfill gas to reduce emissions of methane and certain non-methane gases, which are recognized as greenhouse gases. in a separate action commenced that same day, the epa proposed updates to its 1996 emission guidelines to reduce emissions of landfill gas from existing active landfills. both actions are part of the obama administration's climate action plan - strategy to reduce methane emissions. these regulations, if finally adopted, may require our landfills to deploy more stringent emission controls and monitoring systems, with resulting capital or operating costs. we cannot assure you that the application of these or other greenhouse gas regulations to our landfills will not have a material effect on our landfill operations or on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
we may have environmental liabilities that are not covered by our insurance. changes in insurance markets also may impact our financial results.
we may incur environmental liabilities arising from our operations or properties. we maintain high deductibles for our environmental liability insurance coverage. if we were to incur substantial liability for environmental damage, our insurance coverage may be inadequate to cover such liability. this could have a material adverse impact on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
also, due to the variable condition of the insurance market, we have experienced, and may experience in the future, increased insurance retention levels and increased premiums or unavailability of insurance. as we assume more risk for insurance through higher retention levels, we may experience more variability in our insurance reserves and expense.
despite our efforts, we may incur additional liability under environmental laws in excess of amounts presently known and accrued.
we are a potentially responsible party at many sites under cercla, which provides for the remediation of contaminated facilities and imposes strict, joint and several liability for the cost of remediation on current owners and operators of a facility at which there has been a release or a threatened release of a "hazardous substance." cercla liability also extends to parties who were site owners and operators at the time hazardous substances were disposed, and on persons who arrange for the disposal of such substances at the facility (i.e., generators of the waste and transporters who selected the disposal site). hundreds of substances are defined as "hazardous" under cercla and their presence, even in minute amounts, can result in substantial liability.
notwithstanding our efforts to comply with applicable environmental laws, we may have additional liability under environmental laws in excess of our current reserves because, among other things, hazardous substances may be present in waste collected by us or disposed of in our landfills (or in waste collected, transported or disposed of in the past by companies we have acquired), environmental laws may change, or there may be adverse environmental conditions that develop or were otherwise previously unknown to us. for example, during 2012 through 2014, we recorded an aggregate of approximately $400 million in charges relating to environmental remediation at our closed landfill in bridgeton, missouri. actual costs for liabilities at bridgeton or other sites could be significantly greater than amounts we have accrued for these purposes. environmental liabilities in excess of our current reserves could have a material adverse impact on our consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
we have substantial indebtedness, which may limit our financial flexibility.
as of december 31, 2015, we had approximately $7.6 billion in principal value of debt and capital leases outstanding. this amount of indebtedness and our debt service requirements may limit our financial flexibility to access additional capital and make capital expenditures and other investments in our business, to withstand economic downturns and interest rate increases, to plan for or react to changes in our business and our industry, and to comply with the financial and other covenants of our debt instruments. further, our ability to comply with these financial and other covenants may be affected by changes in economic or business conditions or other events that are beyond our control. if we do not comply with these covenants, we may be required to take actions such as reducing or delaying capital expenditures, reducing or eliminating dividends or stock repurchases, selling assets, restructuring or refinancing all or part of our existing debt, or seeking additional equity capital.
we may be unable to maintain our credit ratings or execute our financial strategy.
our ability to execute our financial strategy depends in part on our ability to maintain investment grade ratings on our debt. the credit rating process is contingent upon a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control. we cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain our investment grade ratings in the future. if we were unable to do so, our interest expense would increase and our ability to obtain financing on favorable terms may be adversely affected.
our financial strategy also depends on our ability to generate sufficient cash flow to reinvest in our existing business, fund internal growth, acquire other solid waste businesses, pay dividends, repurchase stock, and take other actions to enhance shareholder value. we cannot assure you that we will succeed in executing our broad-based pricing initiatives, that we will generate sufficient cash flow to execute our financial strategy, that we will be able to pay cash dividends at our present rate, or increase them, or that we will be able to continue our share repurchase program.
currently pending or future litigation or governmental proceedings could result in material adverse consequences, including judgments or settlements.
we are and will continue to be involved in lawsuits, regulatory inquiries, and governmental and other legal proceedings arising out of the ordinary course of our business. many of these matters raise complicated factual and legal issues and are subject to uncertainties. the timing of the final resolutions to lawsuits, regulatory inquiries, and governmental and other legal proceedings is uncertain. further, the possible outcomes or resolutions to these matters could include adverse judgments or settlements, either of which could require substantial payments and adversely affect our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
for example, we incur costs to defend against litigation brought by government agencies and private parties who allege we are in violation of our permits and applicable environmental laws and regulations, or who assert claims alleging nuisance, environmental damage, personal injury or property damage. as a result, we may be required to pay fines or judgments or implement corrective measures, or we may have our permits and licenses modified or revoked. a significant judgment against us, the loss of a significant permit or license, or the imposition of a significant fine could have a material adverse impact on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. we establish accruals for our estimates of the costs associated with our litigation matters obligations. we could underestimate such accruals. such shortfalls could result in significant unanticipated charges to income.
our growth strategy places significant demands on our financial, operational and management resources. to continue our growth, we may need to add administrative and other personnel, and may need to make additional investments in operations and systems. we cannot assure you that we will be able to find and train qualified personnel, or do so on a timely basis, or to expand our operations and systems to the extent, and in the time, required.
we may be unable to execute our acquisition growth strategy.
our ability to execute our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to identify and acquire desirable acquisition candidates and on our ability to successfully integrate acquired operations into our business. the integration of our operations with those of acquired companies may present significant challenges to our management. in addition, competition for acquisition candidates may prevent us from acquiring certain acquisition candidates. thus, we cannot assure you that:
•   desirable acquisition candidates exist or will be identified;
•   any acquisitions will be profitable or accretive to our earnings.
businesses we acquire may have undisclosed liabilities.
our due diligence investigations of acquisition candidates may fail to discover certain undisclosed liabilities. if we acquire a company having undisclosed liabilities such as environmental, remediation or contractual liabilities, as a successor owner we may be responsible for such undisclosed liabilities. we try to minimize our exposure to such liabilities by conducting due diligence, by obtaining indemnification from each seller of the acquired companies, by deferring payment of a portion of the purchase price as security for the indemnification and by acquiring only specified assets. however, we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain indemnification or that any indemnification obtained will be enforceable, collectible or sufficient in amount, scope or duration to fully offset any undisclosed liabilities arising from our acquisitions.
our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap and necessarily include amounts based on management's estimates. actual results may differ from these amounts. significant items requiring management to make subjective or complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain include the recoverability of long-lived assets, the depletion and amortization of landfill development costs, accruals for final capping, closure and post-closure costs,
valuation allowances for accounts receivable and deferred tax assets, liabilities for potential litigation, claims and assessments, and liabilities for environmental remediation, multiemployer pension plans, employee benefit plans, deferred taxes, uncertain tax positions, insurance and our estimates of the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in any acquisition. we cannot assure you that the liabilities recorded for items such as these will be adequate to cover the costs we ultimately will face.
complying with new accounting rules, laws or regulations could adversely impact our results of operations or cause unanticipated fluctuations in our results of operations or financial conditions in future periods.
as of december 31, 2015, approximately 26% of our workforce was represented by various local labor unions. if our unionized workers were to engage in strikes, work stoppages or other slowdowns, we could experience a significant disruption of our operations and an increase in our operating costs, which could have an adverse impact on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. additional groups of employees may seek union representation in the future and, if successful, the negotiation of collective bargaining agreements could divert management's attention and result in increased operating costs. if a greater percentage of our workforce becomes unionized, our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely impacted due to the potential for increased operating costs.
our obligation to fund multiemployer pension plans to which we contribute, or our withdrawal from such plans, may have an adverse impact on us.
we contribute to 27 multiemployer pension plans under collective bargaining agreements (cbas) covering union-represented employees. approximately 21% of our total current employees participate in such multiemployer plans. we do not administer these plans and generally are not represented on the boards of trustees of these plans. the pension protection act enacted in 2006 (the ppa) requires under-funded pension plans to improve their funding ratios. based on the information available to us, we believe that some of the multiemployer plans to which we contribute are either "critical" or "endangered" as those terms are defined in the ppa. we cannot presently determine the amount of additional funding, if any, we may be required to make to these plans. however, plan assessments could have an adverse impact on our results of operations or cash flows for a given period.
further, under current law, upon the termination of a multiemployer pension plan, or in the event of a withdrawal by us (which we consider from time to time) or a mass withdrawal of contributing employers (each, a withdrawal event), we would be required to make payments to the plan for our proportionate share of the plan's unfunded vested liabilities. we cannot assure you that there will not be a withdrawal event with respect to any of the multiemployer pension plans to which we contribute or that, in the event of such a withdrawal event, the amounts we would be required to contribute would not have a material adverse impact on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
for additional discussion and detail regarding multiemployer pension plans see, note 11, employee benefit plans, to our consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this form 10-k.
the costs of providing for pension benefits and related funding requirements are subject to changes in pension fund values and fluctuating actuarial assumptions, and may have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and cash flows.
we sponsor a defined benefit pension plan that is funded with trustee assets invested in a diversified portfolio of debt and equity securities. our costs for providing such benefits and related funding requirements are subject to changes in the market value of plan assets. our pension expenses and related funding requirements are also subject to various actuarial calculations and assumptions, which may differ materially from actual results due to changing market and economic conditions, interest rates and other factors. a significant increase in our pension obligations and funding requirements could have a material adverse impact on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the loss of key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and growth prospects.
our future success depends on the continued contributions of several key employees and officers. the loss of the services of key employees and officers, whether such loss is through resignation or other causes, or the inability to attract additional qualified personnel, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and growth prospects.
a cyber security incident could negatively impact our business and our relationships with customers.
we use computers in substantially all aspects of our business operations. we also use mobile devices, social networking and other online activities to connect with our employees and our customers. such uses give rise to cyber security risks, including security breach, espionage, system disruption, theft and inadvertent release of information. our business involves the storage and transmission of numerous classes of sensitive and/or confidential information and intellectual property, including customers' personal information, private information about employees, and financial and strategic information about the company and its business partners. we also rely on a payment card industry compliant third party to protect our customers' credit card information. while the company pursues its strategy to grow through acquisitions and to pursue new initiatives that improve our operations and cost structure, the company is also expanding and improving its information technologies, resulting in a larger technological presence and corresponding exposure to cyber security risk. if we fail to assess and identify cyber security risks associated with acquisitions and new initiatives, we may become increasingly vulnerable to such risks. additionally, while we have implemented measures to prevent security breaches and cyber incidents, our preventive measures and incident response efforts may not be entirely effective. the theft, destruction, loss, misappropriation, or release of sensitive and/or confidential information or intellectual property, or interference with our information technology systems or the technology systems of third parties on which we rely, could result in business disruption, negative publicity, brand damage, violation of privacy laws, loss of customers, potential liability and competitive disadvantage.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations you should read the following discussion in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included elsewhere in item 8 of this form 10-k. this discussion may contain forward-looking statements that anticipate results that are subject to uncertainty. we discuss in more detail various factors that could cause actual results to differ from expectations in item 1a, risk factors in this form 10-k.
overview republic is the second largest provider of services in the domestic non-hazardous solid waste industry, as measured by revenue. as of december 31, 2015, we operated in 41 states and puerto rico through 340 collection operations, 201 transfer stations, 193 active landfills, 67 recycling centers, 8 treatment, recovery and disposal facilities, and 12 salt water disposal wells. we also operated 69 landfill gas and renewable energy projects and had post-closure responsibility for 126 closed landfills.
revenue for the year ended december 31, 2015 increased by 3.5% to $9,115.0 million compared to $8,803.3 million in 2014. this change in revenue is due to increases in average yield of 2.3%, volume of 1.1%, and acquisitions, net of divestitures of 2.2%, partially offset by decreases in fuel recovery fees of 1.4% and recycled commodities of 0.7%.
negotiation and withdrawal costs - central states pension and other funds           4.5            -                   1.5            -                 157.7           1.9
loss (gain) on disposition of assets and impairments, net                             -            -                  20.0          0.3                  (1.9   )         -
during each of 2015, 2014 and 2013, we recorded a number of charges, other expenses and benefits that impacted our pre-tax income, net income attributable to republic services, inc. (net income - republic) and diluted earnings per share as noted in the following table (in millions, except per share data). additionally, see our "cost of operations," "selling, general and administrative expenses" and "income taxes" discussions contained in the results of operations section of this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations for a discussion of other items that impacted our earnings.
negotiation and withdrawal costs - central states pension and other funds(1)   4.5                2.7                   0.01                            1.5                   0.9                0.00                  157.7                          98.3                              0.27
loss (gain) on disposition of assets and impairments, net                      -                       -                     -                         20.0                  12.6                0.04                   (1.9      )                   (0.9        )                        -
(1) the aggregate impact of the noted items to adjusted diluted earnings per share totals to $0.01 for the year ended december 31, 2014.
we believe that presenting adjusted pre-tax income, adjusted net income - republic, and adjusted diluted earnings per share, which are not measures determined in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states (u.s. gaap), provides an understanding of operational activities before the financial impact of certain items. we use these measures, and believe investors will find them helpful, in understanding the ongoing performance of our operations separate from items that have a disproportionate impact on our results for a particular period. we have incurred comparable charges and costs and have recorded similar recoveries in prior periods, and similar types of adjustments can reasonably be expected to be recorded in future periods. in the case of the bridgeton remediation charges and insurance recovery, we are adjusting such amounts due to their significant effect on our operating results; however, in the ordinary course of our business, we often incur remediation charges and recoveries that we do not adjust from our operating results. our definition of adjusted pre-tax income, adjusted net income - republic, and adjusted diluted earnings per share may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies.
bridgeton (insurance recovery) / remediation charge and other.  during 2015, we collected an insurance recovery of $50.0 million related to our closed bridgeton landfill in missouri. as such, we recorded a reduction of remediation expenses included in our cost of operations. during 2014, we updated our cost and timeline estimates to build and operate a leachate management facility and related infrastructure, manage the remediation area and monitor the site. accordingly, we recorded environmental remediation charges of $210.6 million. additionally, we recorded certain remediation charges for the superfund site and ongoing litigation costs. during 2013, we recorded environmental remediation charges in the amount of $108.7 million to manage the remediation area and monitor the site.
negotiation and withdrawal costs - central states pension and other funds. during 2015, we recorded charges to earnings of $4.1 million for withdrawal events at the multiemployer pension plan to which we contribute related to our operations in puerto rico, as well as $0.4 million of legal charges. during 2014, we recorded charges to earnings of $1.5 million, primarily related to costs associated with our 2013 withdrawal from the central states, southeast and southwest areas pension fund (the fund). during 2013, we recorded charges to earnings of $157.7 million primarily related to our negotiation and withdrawal liability from the fund.
restructuring charges. during the fourth quarter of 2012, we announced a restructuring of our field and corporate operations to create a more efficient and competitive company. these changes included consolidating our field regions from four to three and our areas from 28 to 20, relocating office space, and reducing administrative staffing levels. during 2014, we incurred costs of $1.8 million due to a change in estimate of amounts recoverable from sublet income associated with abandoned office space with non-cancellable lease terms. during 2013, we incurred $8.6 million of restructuring charges, which consisted of severance and other employee termination benefits, relocation benefits, and the closure of offices with lease agreements with non-cancelable terms. for a detailed discussion of our 2016 restructuring, see our "recent developments" discussion contained in this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
loss on extinguishment of debt. we refinanced our credit facilities and certain of our tax-exempt financings in 2014, resulting in non-cash charges for deferred issuance costs of $1.4 million. during 2013, we refinanced certain of our tax-exempt financings that resulted in a $2.1 million non-cash charge for deferred issuance costs. for a more detailed discussion of the components of these costs and the debt series to which they relate, see our "loss on extinguishment of debt" discussion contained in the results of operations section of this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
loss (gain) on disposition of assets and impairments, net. during 2014, we recorded a charge to earnings of $20.0 million primarily related to costs associated with one of our divested landfills, of which $14.1 million is related to closure and post-closure costs and $5.9 million is related to remediation expenditures. during 2013, we recorded a net gain on disposition of assets of and impairments related to a divestiture of $1.9 million. for a more detailed discussion of the components of this, see our "loss (gain) on disposition of assets and impairments, net" discussion contained in the results of operations section of this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
tax valuation allowance adjustment. during the fourth quarter of 2013, we reduced our valuation allowance related to certain deferred tax assets for state net operating loss carryforwards due to our determination that it is more likely than not that a portion of these carryforwards would be utilized in future years.
2016 financial guidance in 2016, we will continue to focus on managing the controllable aspects of our business by enhancing the quality of our revenue, investing in profitable growth opportunities and reducing costs. our team remains focused on executing our strategy to deliver consistent earnings and free cash flow growth, and improve return on invested capital. we are committed to an efficient capital structure, maintaining our investment grade credit ratings and increasing cash returns to our shareholders.
our guidance is based on current economic conditions and does not assume any significant changes in the overall economy in 2016. specific guidance follows:
recycled commodities             -
acquisitions                   1.0
•   approximately 20% of the revenue has price changes based on a cost plus a specific profit margin or other measurement.
the consumer price index varies from a single historical stated period of time or an average of trailing historical rates over a stated period of time. in addition, the initial impact of pricing resets typically lags 6 to 12 months from the end of the index measurement period to the date the revised pricing goes into effect. as a result, current changes in a specific index may not manifest themselves in our reported pricing for several quarters into the future.
adjusted diluted earnings per share the following is a summary of anticipated adjusted diluted earnings per share for the year ending december 31, 2016 compared to the actual adjusted diluted earnings per share for the year ended december 31, 2015. adjusted diluted earnings per share is not a measure determined in accordance with u.s. gaap:
withdrawal costs - other funds        -                          0.01
we believe that the presentation of adjusted diluted earnings per share, which excludes restructuring charges, bridgeton insurance recovery, and withdrawal costs - other funds, provides an understanding of operational activities before the financial impact of certain items. we use this measure, and believe investors will find it helpful, in understanding the ongoing performance of our operations separate from items that have a disproportionate impact on our results for a particular period. we have incurred comparable charges and costs and have recorded similar recoveries in prior periods, and similar types of adjustments can reasonably be expected to be recorded in future periods. our definition of adjusted diluted earnings per share may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies.
facilities and other                                                114
restructuring in january 2016, we realigned our field support functions by combining two organizational layers into one. this includes the elimination of our three regions, the consolidation of our 20 areas into 10 and the streamlining of select roles at our phoenix headquarters. we will reinvest and deploy resources into our areas by creating 10 area offices equipped with enhanced teams of operators and functional support roles.  we expect to reduce administrative staffing levels, relocate office space and close certain office locations.  as such, we will incur restructuring charges of approximately $25 million primarily for severance benefits, transition costs and lease termination costs.  substantially all of these charges will be recorded in our corporate segment, and we expect the majority of the charges to be incurred in the first half of 2016.  we expect the savings realized from these restructuring efforts will be re-invested in our customer-focused programs and other initiatives we recently launched.
additionally, as part of these customer initiatives, we also will be consolidating our call center operations. over the next two years, we will consolidate over 100 customer service locations into three customer resource centers. the new state-of-the-art facilities and the technology deployed will provide our customer service employees with the tools and capabilities they need to provide better service to customers across a myriad of touch points, including voice, email, text, social channels and live chat.  we expect severance and other restructuring related charges may approximate $10 million over the consolidation period.
results of operations revenue we generate revenue primarily from our solid waste collection operations. our remaining revenue is from other services, including transfer station, landfill disposal, recycling, and energy services. our residential and small-container commercial collection operations in some markets are based on long-term contracts with municipalities. certain of our municipal contracts have annual price escalation clauses that are tied to changes in an underlying base index such as the consumer price index. we generally provide small-container commercial and large-container industrial collection services to customers under contracts with terms up to three years. our transfer stations, landfills and, to a lesser extent, our recycling facilities generate revenue from disposal or tipping fees charged to third parties. in general, we integrate our recycling operations with our collection operations and obtain revenue from the sale of recycled commodities. our revenue from energy services consists mainly of fees we charge for the treatment of liquid and solid waste derived from the production of oil and natural gas, as well as waste generated by coal-fired power plants. other non-core revenue consists primarily of revenue from national accounts, which represents the portion of revenue generated from nationwide contracts in markets outside our operating areas where the associated waste handling services are subcontracted to local operators. consequently, substantially all of this revenue is offset with related subcontract costs, which are recorded in cost of operations.
sale of recycled commodities         372.0           4.1                 405.8           4.6                 374.6           4.5
recycled commodities               (0.7   )     0.1         0.3
acquisitions / divestitures, net    2.2         0.8         0.5
average yield is defined as revenue growth from the change in average price per unit of service, expressed as a percentage. core price is defined as price increases to our customers and fees, excluding fuel recovery, net of price decreases to retain customers. we also measure changes in average yield and core price as a percentage of related-business revenue, defined as total revenue excluding recycled commodities and fuel recovery fees, to determine the effectiveness of our pricing strategies. average yield as a percentage of related-business revenue was 2.6%, 1.5%, and 1.4% for 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. core price as a percentage of related-business revenue was 4.0%, 3.4%, and 3.6% for 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
•   average yield increased revenue by 2.3% due to positive pricing in all lines of business.
•   the fuel recovery fee program, which mitigates our exposure to increases in fuel prices, decreased revenue by 1.4%. these fees fluctuate with the price of fuel and, consequently, any decrease in fuel prices results in a decrease in our revenue. lower fuel recovery fees for 2015 resulted primarily from the decrease in fuel prices.
•   volume increased revenue by 1.1% due to volume growth in all lines of business. the volume increase in our landfill line of business is primarily attributable to increased municipal solid waste and construction and demolition volumes, partially offset by a decline in energy services volumes.
•   recycled commodities decreased revenue by 0.7% primarily due to lower commodity prices, partially offset by an increase in production volumes. the average price for old corrugated cardboard for 2015 was $103 per ton compared to $116 per ton for 2014. the average price of old newspaper for 2015 was $80 per ton compared to $89 per ton for 2014. our processed recycled commodity volume for 2015 of 2.5 million tons sold was approximately 11% higher than the volume in 2014, primarily due to acquisitions of recycling facilities.
changing market demand for recycled commodities causes volatility in commodity prices. at current volumes and mix of materials, we believe a $10 per ton change in the price of recycled commodities will change annual revenue and operating income by approximately $27 million and $18 million, respectively.
•   acquisitions increased revenue by 2.2% primarily due to the acquisitions of rainbow disposal co., inc. in october 2014, tervita, llc (tervita) in february 2015, and our waste management contract with the county of sonoma, california that was executed in april 2015.
•   average yield increased revenue by 1.4% due to positive pricing in all lines of business.
•   volume increased revenue by 2.0% primarily due to volume increases in our large-container industrial and small-container commercial collection and landfill lines of business due to improving business activity and new national
•   recycled commodities increased revenue by 0.1% primarily due to the mix of materials and increased production volumes, offset by lower commodity prices. the average price for old corrugated cardboard for 2014 was $116 per ton compared to $128 per ton for 2013. the average price of old newspaper for 2014 was $89 per ton compared to $93 per ton for 2013. our recycled commodity volume for 2014 of 2.3 million tons sold was approximately 4% higher than the volume in 2013 as a result of our continued investment in recycling centers along with increases in brokering of recycled commodity volumes on behalf of our national accounts customers.
cost of operations cost of operations includes labor and related benefits, which consists of salaries and wages, health and welfare benefits, incentive compensation and payroll taxes. it also includes transfer and disposal costs representing tipping fees paid to third party disposal facilities and transfer stations; maintenance and repairs relating to our vehicles, equipment and containers, including related labor and benefit costs; transportation and subcontractor costs, which include costs for independent haulers that transport our waste to disposal facilities and costs for local operators who provide waste handling services associated with our national accounts in markets outside our standard operating areas; fuel, which includes the direct cost of fuel used by our vehicles, net of fuel tax credits; disposal franchise fees and taxes, consisting of landfill taxes, municipal franchise fees, host community fees and royalties; landfill operating costs, which includes financial assurance, leachate disposal, remediation charges and other landfill maintenance costs; risk management costs, which includes casualty insurance premiums and claims; cost of goods sold, which includes material costs paid to suppliers associated with recycled commodities; and other, which includes expenses such as facility operating costs, equipment rent and gains or losses on sale of assets used in our operations.
labor and related benefits                               $1,848.9            20.3   %          $1,724.1         19.6   %          $1,651.6         19.6   %
these cost categories may change from time to time and may not be comparable to similarly titled categories used by other companies. as such, you should take care when comparing our cost of operations by cost component to that of other companies.
•   labor and related benefits increased due to increased hourly and salaried wages as a result of merit increases, increased headcount, higher collection volumes and acquisitions. additionally, there was an increase in health care costs.
•   transfer and disposal costs increased primarily due to higher collection volumes. during both 2015 and 2014, approximately 68% of the total waste volume we collected was disposed at landfill sites that we own or operate (internalization).
•   maintenance and repairs expense increased due to higher collection volumes, cost of parts, internal labor, third party truck repairs, vehicle complexity and costs associated with our fleet maintenance initiative.
•   our fuel costs decreased due to lower prices of diesel fuel, our continued conversion to lower cost compressed natural gas (cng), and higher alternative fuel tax credits recognized in 2015. the national average fuel cost per gallon for 2015 was $2.71 compared to $3.83 for 2014, a decrease of $1.12 or approximately 29%.
•   risk management expenses decreased primarily due to favorable actuarial developments in our workers' compensation program, partially offset by unfavorable developments in our vehicle liability insurance program.
•   other expenses increased primarily due to higher facility operating costs, including outside facility maintenance repairs, a lower net gain on sale of operating assets, and property taxes.
•   during 2015, we collected an insurance recovery of $50.0 million related to our closed bridgeton landfill in missouri. as such, we recorded a reduction of remediation expenses. during 2014, we updated our cost and timeline estimates to build and operate a leachate management facility and related infrastructure, manage the remediation area and monitor our bridgeton landfill. accordingly, we recorded environmental remediation charges of $210.6 million. additionally, we recorded certain remediation charges for the adjacent superfund site.
•   labor and related benefits increased due to increased hourly and salaried wages as a result of merit increases and higher collection volumes. the central and east regions experienced unfavorable weather conditions during the first quarter of 2014, which contributed to increases in labor expense, resulting from lower labor productivity.
•   transfer and disposal costs increased primarily due to higher collection volumes. during both 2014 and 2013, approximately 68% of the total waste volume we collected was disposed at landfill sites that we own or operate (internalization).
•   maintenance and repairs expense increased due to higher collection volume, cost of parts, internal labor, third party truck repairs, vehicle complexity and costs associated with our fleet maintenance initiative.
•   our fuel costs decreased due to our continued conversion to lower cost cng, lower prices of diesel fuel, and higher alternative fuel tax credits recognized in 2014. the national average fuel cost per gallon for 2014 was $3.83 compared to $3.92 for 2013, a decrease of $0.09 or approximately 2%.
•   landfill operating expenses increased due to volume increases in our landfill line of business. additionally, during 2013, we recorded favorable remediation adjustments of $17.1 million, of which $15.0 million relates to changes in the estimated timing of payments for our remediation obligations, which did not recur in 2014.
•   risk management expenses increased primarily due to unfavorable actuarial developments in our vehicle liability program in 2014, compared to favorable actuarial developments in our workers' compensation, vehicle liability and general liability insurance programs in 2013. during 2014, we continued to see favorable developments in our workers' compensation program.
•   cost of goods sold relates to rebates paid for volumes delivered to our recycling facilities. cost of goods sold increased primarily due to an increase in brokering and production of recycled commodity volumes.
•   other expenses increased primarily due to higher facility operating costs, including property taxes related to infrastructure investments. other expenses also increased due to higher utility costs associated with the unfavorable weather conditions experienced in our central and east regions during the first quarter of 2014, as well as $4.8 million of 2012 alternative fuel tax credits recognized during the first quarter of 2013, that did not recur in 2014.
•   during 2014, we updated our cost and timeline estimates to build and operate a leachate management facility and related infrastructure, manage the remediation area and monitor our bridgeton landfill. accordingly, we recorded environmental remediation charges of $210.6 million. additionally, we recorded certain remediation charges for the adjacent superfund site. during 2013, we recorded environmental remediation charges in the amount of $108.7 million to manage the remediation area and monitor the site.
depreciation and amortization of property and equipment increased primarily due to higher acquisition costs of replacement vehicles, increased trucks to support volume growth, additional assets acquired with our acquisitions, and an increased number of cng vehicles in our fleet, which are more expensive to purchase than diesel vehicles. in addition, we made increased investments in new and upgraded recycling infrastructure projects that became operational over the past several quarters.
landfill depletion and amortization expense increased primarily due to increased landfill disposal volumes and an overall increase in our average depletion rate. additionally, during 2015, we recorded favorable amortization adjustments of $0.7 million relative to asset retirement obligations, compared to favorable amortization adjustments of $13.3 million during 2014.
depreciation and amortization of property and equipment increased primarily due to higher acquisition costs of replacement vehicles and an increased number of cng vehicles in our fleet. in addition, we made increased investments in new and upgraded recycling infrastructure projects.
amortization of other intangible assets and other assets expenses for amortization of other intangible assets and other assets were $71.9 million, $68.4 million and $70.7 million for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively, or 0.8% of revenue for each of 2015, 2014 and 2013. our other intangible assets and other assets primarily relate to customer relationships, franchise agreements, other municipal agreements, favorable lease assets and, to a lesser extent, non-compete agreements and trade names. the increase in amortization expense is the result of assets acquired in the acquisitions of various waste businesses throughout the year, partially offset by certain intangible assets now being fully amortized.
selling, general and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative expenses include salaries, health and welfare benefits, and incentive compensation for corporate and field general management, field support functions, sales force, accounting and finance, legal, management information systems, and clerical and administrative departments. other expenses include rent and office costs, fees for professional services provided by third parties, legal settlements, marketing, investor and community relations services, directors' and officers' insurance, general employee relocation, travel, entertainment and bank charges. restructuring charges are excluded from selling, general and administrative expenses and are discussed separately below.
these cost categories may change from time to time and may not be comparable to similarly titled categories used by other companies. as such, you should take care when comparing our selling, general and administrative expenses by cost component to those of other companies.
salaries increased primarily due to higher wages, benefits, and other payroll related items resulting from merit increases and increased headcount, as well as higher management incentive compensation.
other selling, general and administrative expenses increased primarily due to costs associated with strategic growth initiatives, as well as acquisition-related transaction and integration costs primarily associated with our acquisition of tervita in february 2015. this increase was partially offset by favorable litigation results during 2015.
salaries increased primarily due to higher wages resulting from merit increases, increased headcount and management incentive pay.
other selling, general and administrative expenses increased primarily due to costs associated with strategic growth initiatives, as well as costs incurred with the acquisition of various solid waste businesses.
negotiation and withdrawal costs - central states pension and other funds during 2015, we recorded charges to earnings of $4.1 million for withdrawal events at the multiemployer pension plan to which we contribute related to our operations in puerto rico, as well as $0.4 million of legal charges. during 2014, we recorded charges to earnings of $1.5 million, primarily related to costs associated with our 2013 withdrawal from the fund. during 2013, we recorded charges to earnings of $157.7 million, primarily related to our negotiation and withdrawal liability from the fund.
for additional discussion and detail regarding our settlement with the fund, see our central states, southeast and southwest areas pension fund discussion in note 11, employee benefit plans, to our consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this form 10-k.
loss (gain) on disposition of assets and impairments, net during 2014, we recorded a charge to earnings of $20.0 million primarily related to costs associated with one of our divested landfills, of which $14.1 million is related to closure and post-closure costs and $5.9 million is related to remediation expenditures. during 2013, we recorded a net gain on disposition of assets of and impairments of $1.9 million, primarily related to the contingent sales price of $1.0 million received in connection with a 2011 business divestiture in our west region.
we strive to have a number one or number two market position in each of the markets we serve, or have a clear path on how we will achieve a leading market position over time. in situations where we cannot establish a leading market position, or where operations are not generating acceptable returns, we may decide to divest certain assets and reallocate resources to other markets. asset or business divestitures could result in gains, losses or asset impairment charges that may be material to our results of operations in a given period.
restructuring charges during the fourth quarter of 2012, we announced a restructuring of our field and corporate operations to create a more efficient and competitive company. these changes included consolidating our field regions from four to three and our areas from 28 to 20, relocating office space, and reducing administrative staffing levels. during 2014, we incurred costs of $1.8 million due to a change in estimate of amounts recoverable from sublet income associated with abandoned office space with non-cancellable lease terms. during 2013, we incurred $8.6 million of restructuring charges, which consisted of severance and other employee termination benefits, relocation benefits, and the closure of offices with lease agreements with non-cancelable terms.
interest expense the following table provides the components of interest expense, including accretion of debt discounts and accretion of discounts primarily associated with environmental and risk insurance liabilities assumed in acquisitions (in millions of dollars):
interest expense on debt and capital lease obligations      $324.6              $310.3              $319.8
accretion of remediation liabilities and other                39.7                38.2                40.6
less: capitalized interest                                    (6.8   )            (6.4   )            (7.3   )
total interest expense increased during 2015 due to the issuance of $500.0 million of 3.20% notes in march 2015, as well as borrowings under our credit facilities.
during the second half of 2013, we entered into various interest rate swap agreements relative to our 4.750% fixed rate senior notes due in may 2023. these swap agreements, which were designated as fair value hedges, have a total notional value of $300.0 million and resulted in a $7.5 million reduction in interest expense during 2015, compared to a $7.7 million reduction in interest expense during 2014 and a $2.0 million reduction in interest expense during 2013. additionally, there were lower variable rates on our tax-exempt financings, which also contributed to the reduction in interest expense during 2014.
loss on extinguishment of debt we refinanced our credit facilities and certain of our tax-exempt financings in 2014, resulting in non-cash charges for deferred issuance costs of $1.4 million. during 2013, we refinanced certain of our tax-exempt financings that resulted in a $2.1 million non-cash charge for deferred issuance costs.
income taxes our provision for income taxes was $445.5 million, $337.4 million and $262.1 million for 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. our effective income tax rate was 37.3%, 38.1% and 30.8% for 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. our 2015 effective tax rate was favorably impacted by $17.4 million due to the resolution of outstanding tax matters in various states and puerto rico. our 2014 effective tax rate was favorably impacted by $5.1 million due to the realization of tax credits and lower state rates due to changes in estimates. our 2013 effective tax rate was favorably impacted by approximately $42 million for adjustments to our valuation allowance, primarily due to the determination that it was more likely than not the company would be able to realize certain state loss carryforwards. in addition, our 2013 effective tax rate was favorably impacted by approximately $14 million due to a settlement for tax years 2009 to 2010 with the internal revenue service appeals division and the joint committee of taxation. lastly, our 2013 effective tax rate was favorably impacted by the realization of tax credits and lower state rates due to changes in estimates of $9.6 million.
for additional discussion and detail regarding our income taxes, see note 10, income taxes, to our consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this form 10-k.
netrevenue             depreciation, amortization, depletion andaccretion beforeadjustments forasset retirementobligations            adjustments to amortizationexpensefor assetretirementobligations             depreciation,amortization,depletion andaccretion       (loss) gain ondisposition ofassets and impairments, net                  operatingincome(loss)          operatingmargin
corporate entities         164.6                                                                              42.3                                                                                    (0.5                       )                                      41.8                          -                                                                             (276.3         )
corporate entities         178.2                                                                              43.4                                                                                     1.6                                                              45.0                          (20.0                                     )                                   (525.8         )
corporate entities         124.7                                                                              48.2                                                                                     0.8                                                              49.0                          -                                                                             (501.8         )
corporate entities include legal, tax, treasury, information technology, risk management, human resources, closed landfills and other administrative functions. national accounts revenue included in corporate entities represents the portion of revenue generated from nationwide contracts in markets outside our operating areas where the associated waste handling services are subcontracted to local operators. consequently, substantially all of this revenue is offset with related subcontract costs, which are recorded in cost of operations.
east region revenue for 2015 increased 1.1% from 2014 primarily due to increases in average yield in all collection lines of business, and volume increases in our large-container industrial and residential collection and transfer station lines of business. these increases were partially offset by declines in volume in our small-container commercial collection line of business, as well as a decline in volume in our landfill line of business resulting from lower special waste volumes. additionally, we recognized lower recycled commodity revenue due to the decline in commodity prices.
•   cost of operations favorably impacted operating income margin primarily due to lower fuel costs resulting from lower prices of diesel fuel and lower risk management expenses. these favorable items were partially offset by higher labor and related benefits and repair and maintenance costs.
•   selling, general and administrative expenses favorably impacted operating income margin primarily due to favorable legal settlements from matters occurring in the ordinary course of business, compared to unfavorable legal settlement charges during 2014. this favorable impact was partially offset by higher wages and payroll related items resulting from merit increases and increased headcount, as well as higher management incentive compensation.
central region revenue for 2015 increased 2.0% from 2014 primarily due to average yield increases in all lines of business and volume increases in our small-container commercial and large-container industrial collection and landfill lines of business. volume increases in our landfill line of business were primarily attributable to increased municipal solid waste volumes, offset by a decline in our special waste volumes. additionally, there was a decline in volume in our transfer station line of business and lower recycled commodity revenue due to the decline in commodity prices.
•   cost of operations favorably impacted operating income margin primarily due to lower fuel costs resulting from lower prices of diesel fuel, partially offset by higher labor and related benefits and repair and maintenance costs.
•   depreciation and amortization of property and equipment unfavorably impacted operating income margin due to higher acquisition costs of replacement vehicles. landfill depletion and amortization also unfavorably impacted operating income margin due to higher favorable amortization adjustments in 2014 relative to asset retirement obligations. during 2015, we recognized favorable amortization adjustments of $0.9 million, compared to favorable amortization adjustments of $6.1 million during 2014.
•   selling, general and administrative expenses unfavorably impacted operating income margin primarily due to higher wages and payroll related items resulting from merit increases and increased headcount, as well as higher management incentive compensation.
west region revenue for 2015 increased 7.0% from 2014 primarily due to acquisitions, including a waste management contract with the county of sonoma, california that was executed in april 2015. on an aggregate basis, acquisitions increased revenue by $142.1 million. excluding the impact of acquisitions, revenue increased due to increases in average yield in all lines of business and volume increases in all collection lines of business. additionally, revenue increased due to volume increases in our landfill line of business, except for our base energy services waste volumes. partially offsetting these revenue increases was lower recycled commodity revenue due to the decline in commodity prices.
operating income in our west region increased from $825.7 million for 2014 to $832.4 million for 2015. operating margin decreased from 23.6% for 2014 to 22.3% for 2015. overall, our operating margins were unfavorably impacted due to the impact of commodity prices on our recycling business and higher integration, transition and operating costs in our acquired energy services business. the following cost categories impacted operating income:
•   cost of operations unfavorably impacted operating income margin primarily due to higher labor and related benefits, transfer and disposal costs, and repair and maintenance costs. partially offsetting these unfavorable items were lower fuel costs resulting from lower prices of diesel fuel.
•   depreciation and amortization of property and equipment unfavorably impacted operating income margin primarily due to higher asset acquisition costs. landfill depletion and amortization also was unfavorably impacted by the unfavorable amortization adjustment of $0.3 million in 2015, compared to the favorable amortization adjustment of $5.6 million that occurred during 2014 due to an increase in deemed airspace at one of our active landfills. additionally, landfill depletion and amortization was unfavorably impacted in the aggregate by increased landfill disposal volumes and an overall increase in our average depletion rate.
•   selling, general and administrative expenses unfavorably impacted operating income margin primarily due to higher labor and related benefits, and acquisition-related transaction and integration costs associated with our recent acquisitions.
corporate entities operating loss in our corporate entities decreased from $525.8 million for 2014 to $276.3 million for 2015 primarily due to an insurance recovery of $50.0 million related to our closed bridgeton landfill during 2015, compared to unfavorable remediation and litigation adjustments in 2014 of $227.1 million. partially offsetting this improvement were additional costs associated with strategic growth initiatives, as well as acquisition-related transaction costs primarily associated with our acquisition of tervita in february 2015. additionally, we recognized an unfavorable impact from higher labor and related benefits, including management incentive compensation.
east region revenue for 2014 increased 1.8% from 2013 primarily due to increases in average yield in all lines of business except for landfill construction and demolition. volumes increased in our small-container commercial and large-container industrial collection, transfer station, and landfill special waste and construction and demolition lines of business but were partially offset by the decline in volume in our residential collection line of business. these increases were also partially offset by lower recycled commodity revenue.
•   cost of operations unfavorably impacted operating income margin primarily due to higher repair and maintenance costs, increased labor and benefits, and utility costs resulting largely from unfavorable weather conditions during the first quarter of 2014. these unfavorable items were partially offset by lower cost of goods sold and decreased fuel costs due to lower diesel fuel prices.
•   depreciation and amortization of property and equipment unfavorably impacted operating income margin due to higher acquisition costs of replacement vehicles. landfill depletion and amortization also unfavorably impacted operating income margin due to an overall increase in the average depletion rate, partially offset by favorable adjustments for asset retirement obligations of $3.2 million, compared to net unfavorable adjustments of $4.7 million in 2013.
central region revenue for 2014 increased 4.7% from 2013 primarily due to average yield increases in our small-container commercial and large-container industrial collection and transfer station lines of business, as well as volume increases in all collection and landfill lines of business except for construction and demolition. these increases were partially offset by lowered recycled commodity revenue and a decrease in volume in our transfer station line of business.
•   landfill depletion was favorably impacted by the amortization adjustments of $5.6 million primarily due to an increase in deemed probable airspace expansion at one of our active landfills in 2014. partially offsetting this favorable impact was higher depletion rates resulting from the acquisition of the san angelo landfill in the third quarter of 2014.
•   gain on disposition of assets and impairments, net unfavorably impacted operating income margin during 2014 primarily due to contingent sale price of $1.0 million received in 2013 on a 2011 business divestiture.
corporate entities operating loss in our corporate entities increased from $501.8 million for 2013 to $525.8 million for 2014. the increase in operating loss primarily relates to unfavorable remediation and litigation adjustments in 2014 of $227.1 million recorded at our closed bridgeton landfill, compared to $108.7 million recorded in 2013. additionally, during 2013 we recorded a net favorable adjustment of $8.3 million resulting from a change in our estimated future bad debts, favorable remediation adjustments of $17.1 million relating to changes in the estimated timing of payments for our remediation obligations and a favorable remediation adjustment for a closed landfill site of $12.1 million, which did not recur in 2014. partially offsetting this increase in operating loss was a charge to earnings of $140.7 million in 2013 for our partial withdrawal liability from the fund and puerto rico multiemployer pension plans, which also did not recur in 2014.
restructuring in january 2016, we realigned our field support functions by combining two organizational layers into one. this includes the elimination of our three regions, the consolidation of our 20 areas into 10 and the streamlining of select roles at our phoenix headquarters.  the areas will be grouped and overseen by two executive vice presidents of operations.  in connection with our restructuring we will further evaluate our 2016 reporting segments.
landfill and environmental matters our landfill costs include daily operating expenses, costs of capital for cell development, costs for final capping, closure and post-closure, and the legal and administrative costs of ongoing environmental compliance. daily operating expenses include leachate treatment and disposal, methane gas and groundwater monitoring and system maintenance, interim cap maintenance, and costs associated with applying daily cover materials. we expense all indirect landfill development costs as they are incurred. we use life cycle accounting and the units-of-consumption method to recognize certain direct landfill costs related to landfill development. in life cycle accounting, certain direct costs are capitalized and charged to depletion expense based on the consumption of cubic yards of available airspace. these costs include all costs to acquire and construct a site, including excavation, natural and synthetic liners, construction of leachate collection systems, installation of methane gas collection and monitoring systems, installation of groundwater monitoring wells, and other costs associated with acquiring and developing the
site. obligations associated with final capping, closure and post-closure are capitalized and amortized on a units-of-consumption basis as airspace is consumed.
cost and airspace estimates are developed at least annually by engineers. our operating and accounting personnel use these estimates to adjust the rates we use to expense capitalized costs. changes in these estimates primarily relate to changes in costs, available airspace, inflation and applicable regulations. changes in available airspace include changes in engineering estimates, changes in design and changes due to the addition of airspace lying in expansion areas that we believe have a probable likelihood of being permitted.
available airspace balanceas ofdecember 31,2014          newexpansionsundertaken          landfillsacquired,net ofdivestitures          permitsgranted,net ofclosures   airspaceconsumed             changesinengineeringestimates           balanceas ofdecember 31,2015
permitted airspace                       4,584.1                                   -                                    7.2                                       61.6                    (77.0      )                        100.6                                4,676.5
number of sites:
permitted airspace                           189                                                                          4                                          -                                                                                                 193
balanceas ofdecember 31,2013          newexpansionsundertaken   landfillsacquired,net ofdivestitures             permitsgranted,net ofclosures   airspaceconsumed             changesinengineeringestimates           balanceas ofdecember 31,2014
permitted airspace                       4,650.6                                   -                 -                                                        79.8                    (74.6      )                        (71.7                )               4,584.1
number of sites:
permitted airspace                           190                                                                                                                (1   )                                                                                             189
balanceas ofdecember 31,2012          newexpansionsundertaken   landfillsacquired,net ofdivestitures             permitsgranted,net ofclosures   airspaceconsumed        changesinengineeringestimates           balanceas ofdecember 31,2013
permitted airspace                       4,562.5                                   -                 -                                                       164.4                    (73.3      )                    (3.0                )               4,650.6
number of sites:
permitted airspace                           191                                                                                                                (1   )                                                                                        190
changes in engineering estimates typically include modifications to the available disposal capacity of a landfill based on a refinement of the capacity calculations resulting from updated information.
as of december 31, 2015, we owned or operated 193 active solid waste landfills with total available disposal capacity estimated to be 4,966.6 million in-place cubic yards. total available disposal capacity represents the sum of estimated permitted airspace plus an estimate of probable expansion airspace. engineers develop these estimates at least annually using information provided by annual aerial surveys. as of december 31, 2015, total available disposal capacity is estimated to be 4,676.5 million in-place cubic yards of permitted airspace plus 290.1 million in-place cubic yards of probable expansion airspace. before airspace included in an expansion area is determined to be probable expansion airspace and, therefore,
included in our calculation of total available disposal capacity, it must meet all of our expansion criteria. see note 2, summary of significant accounting policies, and note 8, landfill and environmental costs, to our consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this form 10-k for further information. also see our "critical accounting judgments and estimates" section of this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
as of december 31, 2015, twelve of our landfills met all of our criteria for including their probable expansion airspace in their total available disposal capacity. at projected annual volumes, these twelve landfills have an estimated remaining average site life of 46 years, including probable expansion airspace. the average estimated remaining life of all of our landfills is 65 years. we have other expansion opportunities that are not included in our total available airspace because they do not meet all of our criteria for treatment as probable expansion airspace.
the following table reflects the estimated operating lives of our active landfill sites based on available and probable disposal capacity using current annual volumes as of december 31, 2015:
numberof siteswithoutprobableexpansionairspace         numberof siteswithprobableexpansionairspace          totalsites           percentoftotal
final capping, closure and post-closure costs as of december 31, 2015, accrued final capping, closure and post-closure costs were $1,181.6 million, of which $87.4 million were current and $1,094.2 million were long-term as reflected in our consolidated balance sheets in accrued landfill and environmental costs included in item 8 of this form 10-k.
remediation and other charges for landfill matters it is reasonably possible that we will need to adjust our liabilities to reflect the effects of new or additional information, to the extent that such information impacts the costs, timing or duration of the required actions. future changes in our estimates of the costs, timing or duration of the required actions could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
bridgeton landfill.  during the year ended december 31, 2015, we paid $34.5 million related to management and monitoring of the remediation area for our closed bridgeton landfill in missouri. we continue to work with state and federal regulatory agencies on our remediation efforts.  from time to time, this may require us to modify our future operating timeline and procedures, which could result in changes to our expected liability. as of december 31, 2015, the remediation liability recorded for this site is $217.5 million, of which $21.7 million is expected to be paid during 2016. we believe the remaining reasonably possible high end of our range would be approximately $164 million higher than the amount recorded as of december 31, 2015.
congress landfill. in august 2010, congress development company agreed with the state of illinois to have a final consent order (final order) entered by the circuit court of illinois, cook county. pursuant to the final order, we agreed to continue to implement certain remedial activities at the congress landfill. the remediation liability recorded as of december 31, 2015 is $78.5 million, of which $3.4 million is expected to be paid during 2016. we believe the remaining reasonably possible high end of our range would be approximately $16 million higher than the amount recorded as of december 31, 2015. because favorable developments have occurred with respect to (1) the volume of leachate pumped at the site and (2) our ability to dispose of leachate in the local publicly owned treatment works, we no longer need to expand the onsite treatment facility and
our expected costs have decreased from prior years. further, the majority of the final order requirements have been satisfied and the site now is primarily going through routine operation for a closed landfill. accordingly, we will omit the congress landfill from future reports.
balanceas ofdecember 31,2014            capitaladditions   retirements           acquisitionsnet ofdivestitures             non-cashadditionsfor assetretirementobligations       additionschargedtoexpense                 impairments,transfersandotheradjustments       adjustmentsforassetretirementobligations                 balanceas ofdecember 31,2015
balanceas ofdecember 31,2013       capitaladditions            retirements           acquisitionsnet ofdivestitures             non-cashadditionsfor assetretirementobligations       additionschargedtoexpense            impairments,transfersandotheradjustments        adjustmentsforassetretirementobligations                 balanceas ofdecember 31,2014
balanceas ofdecember 31,2012            capitaladditions   retirements       acquisitionsnet ofdivestitures             non-cashadditionsfor assetretirementobligations       additionschargedtoexpense                 impairments,transfersandotheradjustments       adjustmentsforassetretirementobligations                 balanceas ofdecember 31,2013
total estimated available disposal capacity (in millions of cubic yards)                4,966.6               4,845.8               4,873.5
as of december 31, 2015, we expect to spend an estimated additional $8.2 billion on existing landfills, primarily related to cell construction and environmental structures, over their remaining lives. our total expected investment, excluding non-depletable land, estimated to be $11.7 billion, or $2.36 per cubic yard, is used in determining our depletion and amortization expense based on airspace consumed using the units-of-consumption method.
property and equipment the following tables reflect the activity in our property and equipment accounts for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 (in millions of dollars):
gross property and equipment balanceas ofdecember 31,2014            capitaladditions      retirements                acquisitions,net ofdivestitures       non-cashadditionsfor assetretirementobligations          adjustmentsforassetretirementobligations                 impairments,transfersandotheradjustments            balanceas ofdecember 31,2015
accumulated depreciation, amortization and depletion balanceas ofdecember 31,2014            additionschargedtoexpense            retirements           acquisitions,net ofdivestitures            adjustmentsforassetretirementobligations                 impairments,transfersandotheradjustments       balanceas ofdecember 31,2015
gross property and equipment balanceas ofdecember 31,2013            capitaladditions      retirements           acquisitions,net ofdivestitures            non-cashadditionsfor assetretirementobligations          adjustmentsforassetretirementobligations                 impairments,transfersandotheradjustments            balanceas ofdecember 31,2014
accumulated depreciation, amortization and depletion balanceas ofdecember 31,2013            additionschargedtoexpense                retirements       acquisitions,net ofdivestitures            adjustmentsforassetretirementobligations            impairments,transfersandotheradjustments            balanceas ofdecember 31,2014
gross property and equipment balanceas ofdecember 31,2012            capitaladditions      retirements           acquisitions,net ofdivestitures            non-cashadditionsfor assetretirementobligations           adjustmentsforassetretirementobligations                 impairments,transfersandotheradjustments            balanceas ofdecember 31,2013
accumulated depreciation, amortization and depletion balanceas ofdecember 31,2012            additionschargedtoexpense            retirements           acquisitions,net ofdivestitures            adjustmentsforassetretirementobligations            impairments,transfersandotheradjustments            balanceas ofdecember 31,2013
liquidity and capital resources the major components of changes in cash flows for 2015, 2014 and 2013 are discussed in the following paragraphs. the following table summarizes our cash flow from operating activities, investing activities and financing activities for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 (in millions of dollars):
net cash provided by operating activities      $1,679.7              $1,529.8              $1,548.2
net cash used in investing activities          (1,482.8   )            (959.8   )            (933.9   )
net cash used in financing activities            (239.7   )            (708.1   )            (468.6   )
cash flows provided by operating activities the most significant items affecting the comparison of our operating cash flows for 2015 and 2014 are summarized below:
changes in assets and liabilities, net of effects from business acquisitions and divestitures, decreased our cash flow from operations by $316.7 million in 2015, compared to a decrease of $295.6 million in 2014, primarily as a result of the following:
•   our accounts receivable, exclusive of the change in allowance for doubtful accounts and customer credits, increased $15.7 million during 2015 due to the timing of billings net of collections, compared to a $54.3 million increase in 2014. as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, our days sales outstanding were 38 days, or 26 and 25 days net of deferred revenue, respectively.
•   cash paid for remediation obligations was $19.4 million lower during 2015 compared to 2014 primarily due to remediation activity at our closed bridgeton landfill.
•   in december 2015 we settled outstanding liabilities with respect to the withdrawal events and paid $153.5 million to the fund.
in addition, cash paid for income taxes was approximately $321 million and $382 million for 2015 and 2014, respectively. income taxes paid in 2015 reflect the favorable tax depreciation provisions of the protecting americans from tax hikes act signed into law in december 2015. cash paid for interest was $327.6 million and $320.2 million for 2015 and 2014, respectively.
the most significant items affecting the comparison of our operating cash flows for 2014 and 2013 are summarized below:
changes in assets and liabilities, net of effects of business acquisitions and divestitures, decreased our cash flow from operations by $295.6 million in 2014, compared to a decrease of $256.6 million in 2013, primarily as a result of the following:
•   our accounts receivable, exclusive of the change in allowance for doubtful accounts and customer credits, increased $54.3 million during 2014 due to the timing of billings, net of collections, compared to a $61.6 million increase in 2013. as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, our days sales outstanding were 38 days, or 25 and 26 days net of deferred revenue, respectively.
•   our prepaid expenses and other assets increased $41.3 million during 2014 which is primarily due to the timing of withdrawals to fund payroll, compared to an $11.4 million increase in 2013.
•   cash paid for restructuring expenditures was $14.5 million lower during 2014 compared to 2013 due to the expiration of severance and other employee termination benefits, relocation benefits and the closure of offices with lease agreements with non-cancelable terms associated with our restructuring activities during the fourth quarter of 2012.
•   cash paid for capping, closure and post-closure obligations was $31.0 million lower during 2014 compared to 2013 primarily due to a $17.8 million payment to settle our post-closure liability for one of our divested closed landfill sites in 2013.
•   cash paid for remediation obligations was $23.1 million lower during 2014 compared to 2013 primarily due to remediation activity at our closed bridgeton landfill.
•   our other liabilities decreased $32.1 million during 2014 primarily due to the timing of payment for certain tax related accruals and other accrued expenses, as compared to a $2.4 million increase in 2013.
in addition, cash paid for income taxes was approximately $382 million and $288 million for 2014 and 2013, respectively. the increase was primarily due to higher expected taxable income and the related deductible timing differences associated with certain remediation charges.
we use cash flows from operations to fund capital expenditures, acquisitions, dividend payments, share repurchases and debt repayments.
cash flows used in investing activities the most significant items affecting the comparison of our cash flows used in investing activities for 2015, 2014 and 2013 are summarized below:
•   capital expenditures during 2015 were $945.6 million, compared with $862.5 million for 2014 and $880.8 million for 2013. property and equipment received during 2015, 2014 and 2013 was $953.0 million, $872.9 million and $879.8 million, respectively.
•   during 2015, 2014 and 2013, we paid $572.7 million, $195.7 million and $68.7 million, respectively, for business acquisitions.
•   our restricted cash and marketable securities balance decreased (increased) $15.3 million, $70.8 million and $(5.5) million for 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the decrease of $15.3 million during 2015 is due to a release of funds restricted for certain construction related activities, whereas the decrease of $70.8 million during 2014 was due to a release of restricted investments related to a change in certain of our closure and post-closure obligation requirements and a release of restricted investments related to our insurance programs. the increase of $5.5 million during 2013 was primarily due to investments in restricted cash related to our insurance program. we received $50.0 million and
$25.0 million in connection with issuances of tax-exempt bonds during 2014 and 2013, respectively. funds received from issuances of tax-exempt bonds are deposited directly into trust accounts by the bonding authority at the time of issuance. reimbursements from the trust for qualifying expenditures or for repayments of the related tax-exempt bonds are presented as investing activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows. such reimbursements amounted to $18.7 million, $51.1 million and $27.8 million during 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
we intend to finance capital expenditures and acquisitions through cash on hand, restricted cash held for capital expenditures, cash flows from operations, our revolving credit facilities, and tax-exempt bonds and other financings. we expect to primarily use cash for consideration paid for future business acquisitions.
cash flows used in financing activities the most significant items affecting the comparison of our cash flows used in financing activities for 2015, 2014 and 2013 are summarized below:
•   during 2015, we issued $500.0 million of notes for net cash proceeds of $497.9 million. net proceeds of notes payable and long-term debt were $2.7 million during 2015, compared to net payments of $15.1 million and $58.9 million during 2014 and 2013, respectively. for a more detailed discussion, see the "financial condition" section of this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
financial condition cash and cash equivalents as of december 31, 2015, we had $32.4 million of cash and cash equivalents and $100.3 million of restricted cash deposits and restricted marketable securities, including $2.1 million of restricted cash and marketable securities held for capital expenditures under certain debt facilities, $16.8 million pursuant to a holdback arrangement, $27.3 million of restricted cash and marketable securities pledged to regulatory agencies and governmental entities as financial guarantees of our performance related to our final capping, closure and post-closure obligations at our landfills, and $54.1 million of restricted cash and marketable securities related to our insurance obligations.
we intend to use excess cash on hand and cash from operating activities to fund capital expenditures, acquisitions, dividend payments, share repurchases and debt repayments. debt repayments may include purchases of our outstanding indebtedness in the secondary market or otherwise. we believe that our excess cash, cash from operating activities and our availability to draw from our credit facilities provide us with sufficient financial resources to meet our anticipated capital requirements and maturing obligations as they come due.
we may choose to voluntarily retire certain portions of our outstanding debt before their maturity dates using cash from operations or additional borrowings. we may also explore opportunities in the capital markets to fund redemptions should market conditions be favorable. early extinguishment of debt will result in an impairment charge in the period in which the debt is repaid. the loss on early extinguishment of debt relates to premiums paid to effectuate the repurchase and the relative portion of unamortized note discounts and debt issue costs.
credit facilities in june 2014, we entered into a $1.25 billion unsecured revolving credit facility (the replacement credit facility), which replaced our $1.0 billion credit facility maturing in april 2016. the replacement credit facility matures in june 2019 and includes a feature that allows us to increase availability, at our option, by an aggregate amount up to $500.0 million through increased commitments from existing lenders or the addition of new lenders. at our option, borrowings under the replacement credit facility bear interest at a base rate, or a eurodollar rate, plus an applicable margin based on our debt ratings (all as defined in the agreements).
contemporaneous with the execution of the replacement credit facility, we entered into amendment no. 3 to our existing $1.25 billion unsecured credit facility (the existing credit facility and, together with the replacement credit facility, the credit facilities), to reduce the commitments under the existing credit facility to $1.0 billion and conform certain terms of the
existing credit facility with those of the replacement credit facility. amendment no. 3 does not extend the maturity date of the existing credit facility, which matures in may 2017. the existing credit facility also maintains the feature that allows us to increase availability, at our option, by an aggregate amount of up to $500.0 million through increased commitments from existing lenders or the addition of new lenders.
the credit agreements require us to comply with financial and other covenants. to the extent we are not in compliance with these covenants, we cannot pay dividends and repurchase common stock. compliance with covenants also is a condition for any incremental borrowings under our credit facilities, and failure to meet these covenants would enable the lenders to require repayment of any outstanding loans (which would adversely affect our liquidity). as of december 31, 2015, our ebitda to interest ratio was 7.17 compared to the 3.00 minimum required by the covenants, and our total debt to ebitda ratio was 2.89 compared to the 3.75 maximum allowed by the covenants. in connection with entering into the replacement credit facility and amendment no. 3 to the existing credit facility, our maximum total debt to ebitda ratio was increased to 3.75 for each fiscal quarter ending before and including december 31, 2015, and 3.50 for each fiscal quarter ending thereafter. as of december 31, 2015, we were in compliance with the covenants under our credit facilities, and we expect to be in compliance throughout 2016.
ebitda, which is a non-u.s. gaap measure, is calculated as defined in our credit facility agreements. in this context, ebitda is used solely to provide information regarding the extent to which we are in compliance with debt covenants and is not comparable to ebitda used by other companies or used by us for other purposes.
failure to comply with the financial and other covenants under our credit facilities, as well as the occurrence of certain material adverse events, would constitute defaults and would allow the lenders under our credit facilities to accelerate the maturity of all indebtedness under the related agreements. this could also have an adverse impact on the availability of financial assurances. in addition, maturity acceleration on our credit facilities constitutes an event of default under our other debt instruments, including our senior notes, and, therefore, our senior notes would also be subject to acceleration of maturity. if such acceleration were to occur, we would not have sufficient liquidity available to repay the indebtedness. we would likely have to seek an amendment under our credit facilities for relief from the financial covenants or repay the debt with proceeds from the issuance of new debt or equity, or asset sales, if necessary. we may be unable to amend our credit facilities or raise sufficient capital to repay such obligations in the event the maturities are accelerated.
availability under our credit facilities totaled $1,727.7 million and $1,615.4 million as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, and can be used for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, letters of credit and other general corporate purposes. as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, we had no borrowings under our credit facilities. we had $503.3 million and $615.1 million of letters of credit outstanding under our credit facilities as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
we also have a $125.0 million unsecured credit facility agreement (the uncommitted credit facility) bearing interest at libor plus an applicable margin. our uncommitted credit facility is subject to facility fees defined in the agreement, regardless of usage. we can use borrowings under the uncommitted credit facility for working capital and other general corporate purposes. the agreements governing our uncommitted credit facility require us to comply with covenants. the uncommitted credit facility may be terminated by either party at any time. as of december 31, 2015, we had $19.0 million of borrowings under our uncommitted credit facility.
senior notes and debentures during 2015, we issued $500.0 million of 3.20% notes due 2025 (the 3.20% notes). the 3.20% notes are unsubordinated and unsecured obligations. we used the net proceeds from the 3.20% notes to refinance debt incurred in connection with our acquisition of all of the equity interests of tervita during 2015.
as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, we had $6,364.6 million and $5,863.6 million, respectively, of unsecured senior notes and debentures outstanding with maturities ranging from 2018 to 2041.
interest rate swap agreements during the second half of 2013, we entered into various interest rate swap agreements relative to our 4.750% fixed rate senior notes due in may 2023. the goal was to reduce overall borrowing costs and rebalance our debt portfolio's ratio of fixed to floating interest rates. as of december 31, 2015, these swap agreements have a total notional value of $300.0 million and require us to pay interest at floating rates based on changes in libor, and receive interest at a fixed rate of 4.750%. for 2015 and 2014, we recognized $7.5 million and $7.7 million, respectively, as offsetting benefits to our interest expense from these swap agreements, which mature in may 2023.
tax-exempt financings as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, we had $1,079.1 million and $1,083.8 million, respectively, of fixed and variable rate tax-exempt financings outstanding with maturities ranging from 2019 to 2044. approximately 90% of our tax-exempt financings are remarketed quarterly by remarketing agents to effectively maintain a variable yield. the holders of the bonds can put them back to the remarketing agents at the end of each interest period. to date, the remarketing agents have been able to remarket our variable rate unsecured tax-exempt bonds. these bonds have been classified as long-term because of our ability and intent to refinance them using availability under our credit facilities, if necessary.
as of december 31, 2015, we had $100.3 million of restricted cash and marketable securities, of which $2.1 million represented proceeds from the issuance of tax-exempt bonds and other tax-exempt financings and will be used to fund capital expenditures under the terms of the agreements. restricted cash and marketable securities also include amounts held in trust as a financial guarantee of our performance.
fuel hedges we use derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges to manage our exposure to changes in diesel fuel prices. we have entered into multiple agreements related to forecasted diesel fuel purchases. the agreements qualified for, and were designated as, effective hedges of changes in the prices of forecasted diesel fuel purchases (fuel hedges). for a summary of our outstanding fuel hedges as of december 31, 2015, see note 16, financial instruments, to our consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this form 10-k.
the aggregate fair values of our outstanding fuel hedges as of december 31, 2015 and 2014 were current liabilities of $37.8 million and $34.4 million, respectively, and have been recorded in other accrued liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets.
the effective portions of the changes in fair values as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, net of tax, of $22.3 million and $20.3 million, respectively, have been recorded in stockholders' equity as components of accumulated other comprehensive loss.
during 2015 and 2014, approximately 20% of our fuel volume purchases were hedged with swap agreements. additionally, we generally recover approximately 80% of our fuel costs with fuel recovery fees from customers.
recycling commodity hedges revenue from the sale of recycled commodities is primarily from sales of old corrugated cardboard and old newspaper. from time to time we use derivative instruments such as swaps and costless collars designated as cash flow hedges to manage our exposure to changes in prices of these commodities. we had no outstanding recycling commodity hedges as of december 31, 2015 and december 31, 2014. for further discussion, see note 16, financial instruments, to our consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this form 10-k.
year endingdecember 31,             operatingleases           maturities ofnotes payable,capital leasesand other long-term debt           scheduled interest payment obligations            final capping,closure andpost-closure           remediation           unconditionalpurchasecommitments                 total
the present value of capital lease obligations is included in our consolidated balance sheets.
the estimated remaining final capping, closure and post-closure and remediation expenditures presented above are not inflated or discounted and reflect the estimated future payments for liabilities incurred and recorded as of december 31, 2015 and for liabilities yet to be incurred over the remaining life of our landfills.
unconditional purchase commitments consist primarily of (1) disposal related agreements that include fixed or minimum royalty payments, host agreements and take-or-pay and put-or-pay agreements and (2) other obligations including committed capital expenditures and consulting service agreements.
financial assurance we must provide financial assurance to governmental agencies and a variety of other entities under applicable environmental regulations relating to our landfill operations for capping, closure and post-closure costs, and related to our performance under certain collection, landfill and transfer station contracts. we satisfy these financial assurance requirements by providing surety bonds, letters of credit, or insurance policies (financial assurance instruments), or trust deposits, which are included in restricted cash and marketable securities and other assets in our consolidated balance sheets. the amount of the financial assurance requirements for capping, closure and post-closure costs is determined by applicable state environmental regulations. the financial assurance requirements for capping, closure and post-closure costs may be associated with a portion of the landfill or the entire landfill. generally, states require a third-party engineering specialist to determine the estimated capping, closure and post-closure costs that are used to determine the required amount of financial assurance for a landfill. the amount of financial assurance required can, and generally will, differ from the obligation determined and recorded under u.s. gaap. the amount of the financial assurance requirements related to contract performance varies by contract. additionally, we must provide financial assurance for our insurance program and collateral for certain performance obligations. we do not expect a material increase in financial assurance requirements during 2016, although the mix of financial assurance instruments may change.
these financial assurance instruments are issued in the normal course of business and are not considered indebtedness. because we currently have no liability for the financial assurance instruments, they are not reflected in our consolidated balance sheets; however, we record capping, closure and post-closure liabilities and insurance liabilities as they are incurred.
off-balance sheet arrangements we have no off-balance sheet debt or similar obligations, other than operating leases and financial assurances, which are not classified as debt. we have no transactions or obligations with related parties that are not disclosed, consolidated into or reflected in our reported financial position or results of operations. we have not guaranteed any third-party debt.
free cash flow we define free cash flow, which is not a measure determined in accordance with u.s. gaap, as cash provided by operating activities less purchases of property and equipment, plus proceeds from sales of property and equipment, as presented in our consolidated statements of cash flows.
cash provided by operating activities              $1,679.7              $1,529.8              $1,548.2
for a discussion of the changes in the components of free cash flow, see our discussion regarding cash flows provided by operating activities and cash flows used in investing activities contained elsewhere in this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
purchases of property and equipment as reflected in our consolidated statements of cash flows and as presented in the free cash flow table above represent amounts paid during the period for such expenditures. the following table reconciles property and equipment reflected in the consolidated statements of cash flows to property and equipment received for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 (in millions of dollars):
we believe that presenting free cash flow provides useful information regarding our recurring cash provided by operating activities after expenditures for property and equipment received, plus proceeds from sales of property and equipment. it also demonstrates our ability to execute our financial strategy, which includes reinvesting in existing capital assets to ensure a high level of customer service, investing in capital assets to facilitate growth in our customer base and services provided, maintaining our investment grade credit ratings and minimizing debt, paying cash dividends and repurchasing common stock, and maintaining and improving our market position through business optimization. in addition, free cash flow is a key metric used to determine executive compensation. the presentation of free cash flow has material limitations. free cash flow does not represent our cash flow available for discretionary expenditures because it excludes certain expenditures that are required or that we have committed to such as debt service requirements and dividend payments. our definition of free cash flow may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies.
contingencies for a description of our commitments and contingencies, see note 8, landfill and environmental costs, note 10, income taxes, and note 17, commitments and contingencies, to our consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this form 10-k.
critical accounting judgments and estimates our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap and necessarily include certain estimates and judgments made by management. the following is a list of accounting policies that we believe are the most critical in understanding our consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows and that may require management to make subjective or complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain. such critical accounting policies, estimates and judgments are applicable to all of our operating segments.
we have noted examples of the residual accounting and business risks inherent in the accounting for these areas. residual accounting and business risks are defined as the inherent risks that we face after the application of our policies and processes that are generally outside of our control or ability to forecast.
our landfill assets and liabilities fall into the following two categories, each of which requires accounting judgments and estimates:
•   landfill development costs that are capitalized as an asset.
•   landfill retirement obligations relating to our capping, closure and post-closure liabilities that result in a corresponding landfill retirement asset.
landfill development costs we use life-cycle accounting and the units-of-consumption method to recognize landfill development costs over the life of the site. in life-cycle accounting, all current and future capitalized costs to acquire and construct a site are calculated, and charged to expense based on the consumption of cubic yards of available airspace. obligations associated with final capping, closure
and post-closure are also capitalized, and amortized on a units-of-consumption basis as airspace is consumed. cost and airspace estimates are developed at least annually by engineers.
site permits.    to develop, construct and operate a landfill, we must obtain permits from various regulatory agencies at the local, state and federal levels. the permitting process requires an initial site study to determine whether the location is feasible for landfill operations. the initial studies are reviewed by our environmental management group and then submitted to the regulatory agencies for approval. during the development stage we capitalize certain costs that we incur after site selection but before the receipt of all required permits if we believe that it is probable that the site will be permitted.
•   changes in legislative or regulatory requirements may cause changes to the landfill site permitting process. these changes could make it more difficult and costly to obtain and maintain a landfill permit.
•   studies performed could be inaccurate, which could result in the denial or revocation of a permit and changes to accounting assumptions. conditions could exist that were not identified in the study, which may make the location not feasible for a landfill and could result in the denial of a permit. denial or revocation of a permit could impair the recorded value of the landfill asset.
•   actions by neighboring parties, private citizen groups or others to oppose our efforts to obtain, maintain or expand permits could result in denial, revocation or suspension of a permit, which could adversely impact the economic viability of the landfill and could impair the recorded value of the landfill. as a result of opposition to our obtaining a permit, improved technical information as a project progresses, or changes in the anticipated economics associated with a project, we may decide to reduce the scope of, or abandon a project, which could result in an asset impairment.
technical landfill design.    upon receipt of initial regulatory approval, technical landfill designs are prepared. the technical designs, which include the detailed specifications to develop and construct all components of the landfill including the types and quantities of materials that will be required, are reviewed by our environmental management group. the technical designs are submitted to the regulatory agencies for approval. upon approval of the technical designs, the regulatory agencies issue permits to develop and operate the landfill.
•   changes in legislative or regulatory requirements may require changes in the landfill technical designs. these changes could make it more difficult and costly to meet new design standards.
•   technical designs could be inaccurate and could result in increased construction costs, difficulty in obtaining a permit or the use of rates to recognize the amortization of landfill development costs and asset retirement obligations that are not appropriate.
permitted and probable landfill disposal capacity.    included in the technical designs are factors that determine the ultimate disposal capacity of the landfill. these factors include the area over which the landfill will be developed, such as the depth of excavation, the height of the landfill elevation and the angle of the side-slope construction. the disposal capacity of the landfill is calculated in cubic yards. this measurement of volume is then converted to a disposal capacity expressed in tons based on a site-specific expected density to be achieved over the remaining operating life of the landfill.
•   estimates of future disposal capacity may change as a result of changes in legislative or regulatory design requirements.
•   the density of waste may vary due to variations in operating conditions, including waste compaction practices, site design, climate and the nature of the waste.
•   capacity is defined in cubic yards but waste received is measured in tons. the number of tons per cubic yard varies by type of waste and our rate of compaction.
development costs.    the types of costs that are detailed in the technical design specifications generally include excavation, natural and synthetic liners, construction of leachate collection systems, installation of methane gas collection systems and monitoring probes, installation of groundwater monitoring wells, construction of leachate management facilities and other costs associated with the development of the site. we review the adequacy of our cost estimates on an annual basis by comparing estimated costs with third-party bids or contractual arrangements, reviewing the changes in year over year cost estimates for reasonableness, and comparing our resulting development cost per acre with prior period costs. these development costs,
together with any costs incurred to acquire, design and permit the landfill, including capitalized interest, are recorded to the landfill asset on the balance sheet as incurred.
•   actual future costs of construction materials and third-party labor could differ from the costs we have estimated because of the level of demand and the availability of the required materials and labor. technical designs could be altered due to unexpected operating conditions, regulatory changes or legislative changes.
landfill development asset amortization.    to match the expense related to the landfill asset with the revenue generated by the landfill operations, we amortize the landfill development asset over its operating life on a per-ton basis as waste is accepted at the landfill. the landfill asset is fully amortized at the end of a landfill's operating life. the per-ton rate is calculated by dividing the sum of the landfill development asset net book value plus estimated future development costs (as described above) for the landfill, by the landfill's estimated remaining disposal capacity. the expected future development costs are not inflated or discounted, but rather expressed in nominal dollars. this rate is applied to each ton accepted at the landfill to arrive at amortization expense for the period.
amortization rates are influenced by the original cost basis of the landfill, including acquisition costs, which in turn is determined by geographic location and market values. we secure significant landfill assets through business acquisitions and value them at the time of acquisition based on fair value. amortization rates are also influenced by site-specific engineering and cost factors.
•   changes in our future development cost estimates or our disposal capacity will normally result in a change in our amortization rates and will impact amortization expense prospectively. an unexpected significant increase in estimated costs or reduction in disposal capacity could affect the ongoing economic viability of the landfill and result in asset impairment.
on at least an annual basis, we update the estimates of future development costs and remaining disposal capacity for each landfill. these costs and disposal capacity estimates are reviewed and approved by senior operations management annually. changes in cost estimates and disposal capacity are reflected prospectively in the landfill amortization rates that are updated annually.
obligations associated with final capping activities that occur during the operating life of the landfill are recognized on a units-of-consumption basis as airspace is consumed within each discrete capping event. obligations related to closure and post-closure activities that occur after the landfill has ceased operations are recognized on a units-of-consumption basis as airspace is consumed throughout the entire life of the landfill. landfill retirement obligations are capitalized as the related liabilities are recognized and amortized using the units-of-consumption method over the airspace consumed within the capping event or the airspace consumed within the entire landfill, depending on the nature of the obligation. all obligations are initially measured at estimated fair value. fair value is calculated on a present value basis using an inflation rate and our credit-adjusted, risk-free rate in effect at the time the liabilities were incurred. future costs for final capping, closure and post-closure are developed at least annually by engineers, and are inflated to future value using estimated future payment dates and inflation rate projections.
landfill capping.    as individual areas within each landfill reach capacity, we must cap and close the areas in accordance with the landfill site permit. these requirements are detailed in the technical design of the landfill site process previously described.
closure and post-closure.    closure costs are costs incurred after a landfill stops receiving waste, but prior to being certified as closed. after the entire landfill has reached capacity and is certified closed, we must continue to maintain and monitor the site for a post-closure period, which generally extends for 30 years. costs associated with closure and post-closure requirements generally include maintenance of the site, the monitoring of methane gas collection systems and groundwater systems, and other activities that occur after the site has ceased accepting waste. costs associated with post-closure monitoring generally include groundwater sampling, analysis and statistical reports, third-party labor associated with gas system operations and maintenance, transportation and disposal of leachate, and erosion control costs related to the final cap.
landfill retirement obligation liabilities and assets.    estimates of the total future costs required to cap, close and monitor each landfill as specified by the landfill permit are updated annually. the estimates include inflation, the specific timing of future cash outflows, and the anticipated waste flow into the capping events. our cost estimates are inflated to the period of
the present value of the remaining capping costs for specific capping events and the remaining closure and post-closure costs for each landfill are recorded as incurred on a per-ton basis. these liabilities are incurred as disposal capacity is consumed at the landfill.
capping, closure and post-closure liabilities are recorded in layers and discounted using our credit-adjusted risk-free rate in effect at the time the obligation is incurred (4.75% in 2015, 4.5% in 2014, and 5.0% in 2013).
retirement obligations are increased each year to reflect the passage of time by accreting the balance at the weighted average credit-adjusted risk-free rate that was used to calculate each layer of the recorded liabilities. this accretion is charged to operating expenses. actual cash expenditures reduce the asset retirement obligation liabilities as they are made.
corresponding retirement obligation assets are recorded for the same value as the additions to the capping, closure and post-closure liabilities. the retirement obligation assets are amortized to expense on a per-ton basis as disposal capacity is consumed. the per-ton rate is calculated by dividing the sum of each of the recorded retirement obligation asset's net book value and expected future additions to the retirement obligation asset by the remaining disposal capacity. a per-ton rate is determined for each separate capping event based on the disposal capacity relating to that event. closure and post-closure per-ton rates are based on the total disposal capacity of the landfill.
•   changes in legislative or regulatory requirements, including changes in capping, closure activities or post-closure monitoring activities, types and quantities of materials used, or term of post-closure care, could cause changes in our cost estimates.
•   changes in the landfill retirement obligation due to changes in the anticipated waste flow, changes in airspace compaction estimates or changes in the timing of expenditures for closed landfills and fully incurred but unpaid capping events are recorded in results of operations prospectively. this could result in unanticipated increases or decreases in expense.
•   actual timing of disposal capacity utilization could differ from projected timing, causing differences in timing of when amortization and accretion expense is recognized for capping, closure and post-closure liabilities.
•   changes in inflation rates could impact our actual future costs and our total liabilities.
•   changes in our capital structure or market conditions could result in changes to the credit-adjusted risk-free rate used to discount the liabilities, which could cause changes in future recorded liabilities, assets and expense.
•   amortization rates could change in the future based on the evaluation of new facts and circumstances relating to landfill capping design, post-closure monitoring requirements, or the inflation or discount rate.
on an annual basis, we update our estimates of future capping, closure and post-closure costs and of future disposal capacity for each landfill. revisions in estimates of our costs or timing of expenditures are recognized immediately as increases or decreases to the capping, closure and post-closure liabilities and the corresponding retirement obligation assets. changes in the assets result in changes to the amortization rates which are applied prospectively, except for fully incurred capping events and closed landfills, where the changes are recorded immediately in results of operations since the associated disposal capacity has already been consumed.
permitted and probable disposal capacity.  disposal capacity is determined by the specifications detailed in the landfill permit. we classify this disposal capacity as permitted. we also include probable expansion disposal capacity in our remaining disposal capacity estimates, thus including additional disposal capacity being sought through means of a permit expansion. probable expansion disposal capacity has not yet received final approval from the applicable regulatory agencies, but we have determined that certain critical criteria have been met and that the successful completion of the expansion is probable. we have developed six criteria that must be met before an expansion area is designated as probable expansion airspace. we believe that satisfying all of these criteria demonstrates a high likelihood that expansion airspace that is incorporated in our landfill costing will be permitted. however, because some of these criteria are judgmental, they may exclude expansion airspace that will eventually be permitted or include expansion airspace that will not be permitted. in either of these scenarios, our amortization, depletion and accretion expense could change significantly. our internal criteria to classify disposal capacity as probable expansion airspace are as follows:
•   we own the land associated with the expansion airspace or control it pursuant to an option agreement;
•   we are committed to supporting the expansion project financially and with appropriate resources;
•   there are no identified fatal flaws or impediments associated with the project, including political impediments;
•   the expansion is attainable within a reasonable time frame; and
•   we believe it is likely we will receive the expansion permit.
after successfully meeting these criteria, the disposal capacity that will result from the planned expansion is included in our remaining disposal capacity estimates. additionally, for purposes of calculating landfill amortization and capping, closure and post-closure rates, we include the incremental costs to develop, construct, close and monitor the related probable expansion disposal capacity.
•   we may be unsuccessful in obtaining permits for probable expansion disposal capacity because of the failure to obtain the final local, state or federal permits or due to other unknown reasons. if we are unsuccessful in obtaining permits for probable expansion disposal capacity, or the disposal capacity for which we obtain approvals is less than what was estimated, both our estimated total costs and disposal capacity will be reduced, which generally increases the rates we charge for landfill amortization and capping, closure and post-closure accruals. an unexpected decrease in disposal capacity could also cause an asset impairment.
environmental liabilities we are subject to an array of laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment, and we remediate sites in the ordinary course of our business. under current laws and regulations, we may be responsible for environmental remediation at sites that we either own or operate, including sites that we have acquired, or sites where we have (or a company that we have acquired has) delivered waste. our environmental remediation liabilities primarily include costs associated with remediating groundwater, surface water and soil contamination, as well as controlling and containing methane gas migration and the related legal costs. to estimate our ultimate liability at these sites, we evaluate several factors, including the nature and extent of contamination at each identified site, the required remediation methods, timing of expenditures, the apportionment of responsibility among the potentially responsible parties and the financial viability of those parties. we accrue for costs associated with environmental remediation obligations when such costs are probable and reasonably estimable in accordance with accounting for loss contingencies. we periodically review the status of all environmental matters and update our estimates of the likelihood of and future expenditures for remediation as necessary. changes in the liabilities resulting from these reviews are recognized currently in earnings in the period in which the adjustment is known. adjustments to estimates are reasonably possible in the near term and may result in changes to recorded amounts. with the exception of those obligations assumed in the acquisition of allied, environmental obligations are recorded on an undiscounted basis. environmental obligations assumed in the acquisition of allied, which were initially estimated on a discounted basis, are accreted to full value over time through charges to interest expense. adjustments arising from changes in amounts and timing of estimated costs and settlements may result in increases or decreases in these obligations and are calculated on a discounted basis as they were initially estimated on a discounted basis. these adjustments are charged to operating income when they are known. we perform a comprehensive review of our environmental obligations annually and also review changes in facts and circumstances associated with these obligations at least quarterly. we have not reduced the liabilities we have recorded for recoveries from other potentially responsible parties or insurance companies.
•   we cannot determine with precision the ultimate amounts of our environmental remediation liabilities. our estimates of these liabilities require assumptions about uncertain future events. thus, our estimates could change substantially as additional information becomes available regarding the nature or extent of contamination, the required remediation methods, timing of expenditures, the final apportionment of responsibility among the potentially responsible parties identified, the financial viability of those parties, and the actions of governmental agencies or private parties with interests in the matter. the actual environmental costs may exceed our current and future accruals for these costs, and any such adjustments could be material.
•   actual amounts could differ from the estimated liabilities as a result of changes in estimated future litigation costs to pursue the matter to ultimate resolution.
•   an unanticipated environmental liability that arises could result in a material charge to our consolidated statement of income.
insurance reserves and related costs our insurance programs for workers' compensation, commercial general and auto liability, environmental and remediation liability, and employee-related health care benefits are subject to high deductible insurance policies. accruals for insurance or
deductible reserves are based on claims filed and estimates of claims incurred but not reported. we maintain high deductibles for commercial general liability, automobile liability and workers' compensation coverage, ranging from $3.0 million to $5.0 million.
•   incident rates, including frequency and severity, and other actuarial assumptions could change causing our current and future actuarially determined obligations to change, which would be reflected in our consolidated statement of income in the period in which such adjustment is known.
loss contingencies we are subject to various legal proceedings, claims and regulatory matters, the outcomes of which are subject to significant uncertainty. we determine whether to disclose material loss contingencies or accrue for loss contingencies based on an assessment of whether the risk of loss is remote, reasonably possible or probable, and whether it can be reasonably estimated. we analyze our litigation and regulatory matters based on available information to assess the potential liabilities. management develops its assessment based on an analysis of possible outcomes under various strategies. we record and disclose loss contingencies pursuant to the applicable accounting guidance for such matter.
•   actual costs may vary from our estimates for a variety of reasons, including differing interpretations of laws, opinions on culpability and assessments of the amount of damages.
•   loss contingency assumptions involve judgments that are inherently subjective and generally involve matters that are by their nature complex and unpredictable. if a loss contingency results in an adverse judgment or is settled for a significant amount, it could have a material adverse impact on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows in the period in which such judgment or settlement occurs.
evaluation criteria.    we test long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of the assets may not be recoverable. examples of such events could include a significant adverse change in the extent or manner in which we use a long-lived asset, a change in its physical condition, or new circumstances that could cause an expectation that it is more likely than not that we would sell or otherwise dispose of a long-lived asset significantly before the end of its previously estimated useful life.
•   our most significant asset impairment exposure, other than goodwill (which is discussed below), relates to our landfills. a significant reduction in our estimated disposal capacity as a result of unanticipated events such as regulatory developments, revocation of an existing permit or denial of an expansion permit, or changes in our assumptions used to calculate disposal capacity, could trigger an impairment charge.
recognition criteria.  if such circumstances arise, we recognize impairment for the difference between the carrying amount and fair value of the asset if the net book value of the asset exceeds the sum of the estimated undiscounted cash flows expected to result from its use and eventual disposition. we generally use the present value of the expected cash flows from that asset to determine fair value.
goodwill recoverability we have historically evaluated goodwill for impairment annually as of december 31, or when an indicator of impairment exists. during 2015 we changed the date of our annual goodwill impairment assessment for our reporting units to october 1st. this voluntary change in the annual goodwill testing date is a change in accounting principle, which we believe is preferable as it better aligns the timing of the assessment with our planning and forecasting process and also provides additional time to complete our annual assessment in advance of our year-end reporting. this change in assessment date was applied prospectively and did not delay, accelerate or avoid a potential impairment charge.
we test goodwill for impairment using a two-step process. the first step is a screen for potential impairment, while the second step measures the amount of the impairment, if any. the first step compares the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount, including goodwill.
significant estimates used in our fair value calculation using discounted future cash flows include: (1) estimates of future revenue and expense growth by reporting unit, which we estimate to range from 3% to 5%; (2) future estimated effective tax rates, which we estimate to be 40%; (3) future estimated capital expenditures as well as future required investments in working capital; (4) estimated discount rates, which we estimate to range between 6% and 8%; and (5) the future terminal value of the reporting unit, which is based on its ability to exist into perpetuity. significant estimates used in the fair value calculation using market value multiples include: (a) estimated future growth potential of the reporting unit; (b) estimated multiples of revenue or earnings a willing buyer is likely to pay; and (c) the estimated control premium a willing buyer is likely to pay.
in addition, we evaluate a reporting unit for impairment if events or circumstances change between annual tests, indicating a possible impairment. examples of such events or circumstances include: (1) a significant adverse change in legal factors or in the business climate; (2) an adverse action or assessment by a regulator; (3) a more likely than not expectation that a reporting unit or a significant portion thereof will be sold; (4) continued or sustained losses at a reporting unit; (5) a significant decline in our market capitalization as compared to our book value; or (6) the testing for recoverability of a significant asset group within the reporting unit.
we assign assets and liabilities from our corporate operating segment to our three reporting units to the extent that such assets or liabilities relate to the cash flows of the reporting unit and would be included in determining the reporting unit's fair value.
in preparing our annual test for impairment as of october 1, 2015, we determined that our indicated fair value of total invested capital exceeded our total market capitalization. we believe one of the primary reconciling differences between the indicated fair value of total invested capital and our total market capitalization is due to a control premium. we believe the control premium represents the value a market participant could extract as savings and/or synergies by obtaining control.
as of october 1, 2015, we determined that the indicated fair value of our reporting units exceeded their carrying value by approximately 50% on average and, therefore, we noted no indicators of impairment at our reporting units.
our operating segments, which also represent our reporting units, are comprised of several vertically integrated businesses. when an individual business within an integrated operating segment is divested, goodwill is allocated to that business based on its fair value relative to the fair value of its operating segment.
•   future events could cause us to conclude that impairment indicators exist and that goodwill associated with acquired businesses is impaired.
•   the valuation of identifiable goodwill requires significant estimates and judgment about future performance, cash flows and fair value. our future results could be affected if these current estimates of future performance and fair value change. for example, a reduction in long-term growth assumptions could reduce the estimated fair value of the operating segments to below their carrying values, which could trigger an impairment charge. similarly, an increase in our discount rate could trigger an impairment charge. any resulting impairment charge could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
in january 2016, we realigned our field support functions by combining two organizational layers into one. this includes the elimination of our three regions, the consolidation of our 20 areas into 10 and the streamlining of select roles at our phoenix headquarters.  the areas will be grouped and overseen by two executive vice presidents of operations.  in connection with our restructuring, we will further evaluate our 2016 reporting segments.  we have considered the implications of our restructuring on our reporting units used to measure for goodwill impairment, and we have noted no indicators of goodwill impairment.
income taxes our income tax expense, deferred taxes and liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits reflect management's best assessment of estimated future taxes to be paid. we are subject to u.s. federal income taxes and to the income taxes of numerous states and puerto rico. significant judgments and estimates are required in determining the combined income tax expense.
deferred income taxes arise from temporary differences between the financial reporting and income tax bases of assets (other than non-deductible goodwill) and liabilities, which will result in taxable or deductible amounts in the future. deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using the income tax rate in effect during the year in which the differences are expected to reverse.
we record net deferred tax assets to the extent we believe these assets will more likely than not be realized. in making this determination, we consider all available positive and negative evidence, including scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, tax planning strategies and recent financial operations. the assumptions about future taxable income require the use of significant judgment and are consistent with the plans and estimates we are using to manage the underlying businesses. in the event we determine that we would be able to realize our deferred income tax assets in the future in excess of their net recorded amount, we will make an adjustment to the valuation allowance which would reduce our provision for income taxes.
the calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws and regulations in a multitude of jurisdictions. regarding the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in the financial statements, we record unrecognized tax benefits as liabilities in accordance with asc 740 when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination, including resolutions of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits. we recognize interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions within the provision for income taxes in our consolidated statements of income. accrued interest and penalties are included within other accrued liabilities, deferred income taxes and other long-term tax liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets. we adjust these liabilities when our judgment changes as a result of the evaluation of new information not previously available. because of the complexity of some of these uncertainties, the ultimate resolution may result in a payment that is materially different from our current estimate of the unrecognized tax benefit liabilities. these differences will be reflected as increases or decreases to income tax expense in the period in which new information is available.
•   income tax assets and liabilities established in purchase accounting for acquisitions are based on assumptions that could differ from the ultimate outcome of the tax matters. such adjustments would be charged or credited to earnings, unless they meet certain remeasurement criteria and are allowed to be adjusted to goodwill.
•   changes in the estimated realizability of deferred tax assets could result in adjustments to our provision for income taxes.
•   valuation allowances for deferred tax assets and the realizability of net operating loss carryforwards for tax purposes are based on our judgment. if our judgments and estimates concerning valuation allowances and the realizability of net operating loss carryforwards are incorrect, our provision for income taxes would change.
•   we are regularly under examination or administrative review by various taxing authorities. the internal revenue code, state tax laws and income tax regulations are a complex set of rules that we must interpret and apply. positions taken in tax years under examination or subsequent years are subject to challenge. accordingly, we may have exposure for additional tax liabilities arising from these audits if any positions taken by us or by companies we have acquired are disallowed by the taxing authorities.
•   we adjust our liabilities for uncertain tax positions when our judgment changes as a result of the evaluation of new information not previously available. due to the complexity of some of these uncertainties, their ultimate resolution may result in payments that are materially different from our current estimates of the tax liabilities. these differences will be reflected as increases or decreases to our provision for income taxes in the period in which they are determined.
defined benefit pension plans we currently have one qualified defined benefit pension plan, the bfi retirement plan (the plan). the plan covers certain employees in the united states, including some employees subject to collective bargaining agreements. the plan's benefit formula is based on a percentage of compensation as defined in the plan document. the benefits of approximately 97% of the current plan participants were frozen upon allied's acquisition of bfi in 1999.
our pension contributions are made in accordance with funding standards established by the employee retirement income security act of 1974 and the internal revenue code, as amended by the pension protection act of 2006.
the plan's assets are invested as determined by our employee benefits committee. as of december 31, 2015, the plan assets were invested in fixed income funds, equity funds and cash. the employee benefits committee annually reviews and adjusts the plan's asset allocation as deemed necessary. as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, the plan was underfunded by $5.4 million and $4.2 million, respectively.
•   changes in the plan's investment mix and performance of the equity and bond markets and fund managers could impact the amount of pension income or expense recorded, the funded status of the plan and the need for future cash contributions.
assumptions.  the benefit obligation and associated income or expense related to the plan are determined based on assumptions concerning items such as discount rates, mortality rates, expected rates of return and average rates of compensation increases. our assumptions are reviewed annually and adjusted as deemed necessary.
we determine the discount rate based on a model that matches the timing and amount of expected benefit payments to maturities of high quality bonds priced as of the plan measurement date. where that timing does not correspond to a published high-quality bond rate, our model uses an expected yield curve to determine an appropriate current discount rate. the yield on the bonds is used to derive a discount rate for the liability. if the discount rate were to increase by 1%, our benefit obligation would decrease by approximately $20 million. if the discount rate were to decrease by 1%, our benefit obligation would increase by approximately $24 million.
in developing our expected rate of return assumption, we evaluate long-term expected and historical returns on the plan assets, giving consideration to our asset mix and the anticipated duration of the plan obligations. the average rate of compensation increase reflects our expectations of average pay increases over the periods benefits are earned. there are no participants in the plan that continue to earn service benefits.
•   our assumed discount rate is sensitive to changes in market-based interest rates. a decrease in the discount rate will increase our related benefit plan obligation.
new accounting standards for a description of new accounting standards that may affect us, see note 2, summary of significant accounting policies, to our consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this form 10-k.