item 1a. risk factors the following discussion of risk factors contains "forward-looking statements," as discussed in "cautionary note regarding forward-looking statements". these risk factors may be important to understanding any statement in this annual report on form 10-k or elsewhere. the following information should be read in conjunction with "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" (md&a), and the consolidated financial statements and related notes in "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" of this form 10-k report.
our businesses routinely encounter and address risks, some of which will cause our future results to be different - sometimes materially different - than we anticipate. discussion about important operational risks that our businesses encounter can be found in the business descriptions in "item 1. business" and the md&a section of this form 10-k report. below, we describe certain important strategic, operational, financial, and legal and compliance risks. our reactions to material future developments as well as our competitors' reactions to those developments will affect our future results.
risks relating to our businesses
macroeconomic conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
key macroeconomic conditions historically have affected our business, results of operations and financial condition and are likely to affect them in the future. consumer confidence, unemployment and housing indicators are among the factors that often impact consumer spending behavior. poor economic conditions reduce the usage of our credit cards and other financing products and the average purchase amount of transactions on our credit cards and through our other products, which, in each case, reduces our interest and fee income. we rely primarily on interest and fee income to generate our net earnings. our interest and fee income was $13.2 billion for the year ended december 31, 2015. poor economic conditions also adversely affect the ability and willingness of customers to pay amounts owed to us, increasing delinquencies, bankruptcies, charge-offs and allowances for loan losses, and decreasing recoveries. for example, our over-30 day delinquency rate as a percentage of period-end loan receivables was 8.25% at december 31, 2009 during the financial crisis, compared to 4.06% at december 31, 2015, and our full-year net charge-off rate was 11.26% for the year ended december 31, 2009, compared to 4.33% for the year ended december 31, 2015. we believe the delinquency rate in our portfolio is at historically low levels and charge-off rates in our portfolio are back to pre-recession levels, and they both may increase and are likely to increase materially if economic conditions deteriorate.
while certain economic conditions in the united states have shown signs of improvement, economic growth has been slow and uneven as consumers continue to recover from previously high unemployment rates, lower housing values, concerns about the level of u.s. government debt and fiscal actions that may be taken to address this, as well as economic and political conditions in the global markets. a prolonged period of slow economic growth or a significant deterioration in economic conditions would likely affect consumer spending levels and the ability and willingness of customers to pay amounts owed to us, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
macroeconomic conditions may also cause net earnings to fluctuate and diverge from expectations of securities analysts and investors, who may have differing assumptions regarding the impact of these conditions on our business, and this may adversely impact our stock price.
our results of operations and growth depend on our ability to retain existing partners and attract new partners.
substantially all of our revenue is generated from the credit products we provide to customers of our partners pursuant to program agreements we enter into with our partners. as a result, our results of operations and growth depend on our ability to retain existing partners and attract new partners. historically, there has been turnover in our partners, and we expect this will continue in the future. for example, during the year ended december 31, 2015, we sold certain credit card portfolios associated with retail partners whose program agreements with us were not extended beyond their contractual expiration dates.
program agreements with our retail card partners and national and regional retailer and manufacturer payment solutions partners typically are for multi-year terms. these program agreements generally permit our partner to terminate the agreement prior to its scheduled termination date for various reasons, including, in some cases, if we fail to meet certain service levels or change certain key cardholder terms or our credit criteria, we fail to achieve certain targets with respect to approvals of new customers as a result of the credit criteria we use, we elect not to increase the program size when the outstanding loan receivables under the program reach certain thresholds or we are not adequately capitalized, or certain force majeure events or changes in our ownership occur or a material adverse change in our financial condition occurs. a few payment solutions programs with national and regional retailer and manufacturer partners also may be terminated at will by the partner on specified notice to us (e.g., several months). in addition, programs with manufacturers, buying groups and industry associations generally are made available to payment solutions partners such as individual retail outlets, dealers and merchants under dealer agreements, which typically may be terminated at will by the partner on short notice to us (e.g., 15 days).
there is significant competition for our existing partners, and our failure to retain our existing larger partner relationships upon the expiration or our earlier loss of a relationship upon the exercise of a partner's early termination rights, or the expiration or termination of a substantial number of smaller partner relationships, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations (including growth rates) and financial condition to the extent we do not acquire new partners of similar size and profitability or otherwise grow our business. the competition for new partners is also significant, and our failure to attract new partners could adversely affect our ability to grow.
a significant percentage of our platform revenue comes from relationships with a small number of retail card partners, and the loss of any of these retail card partners could adversely affect our business and results of operations.
our five largest programs (gap, jcpenney, lowe's, sam's club and walmart) accounted in aggregate for 49% of our total platform revenue for the year ended december 31, 2015 and 51% of loan receivables at december 31, 2015. our programs with jcpenney and walmart each accounted for more than 10% of our total platform revenue and jcpenney, lowe's and walmart each accounted for more than 10% of our total platform interest and fees and other income, in each case for the year ended december 31, 2015. sam's club is a subsidiary of walmart that is a separate contracting entity with its own program agreement with us, which we report separately from the walmart program. we expect to have significant concentration in our largest relationships for the foreseeable future. see "item 1. business-retail card partners."
the program agreements generally permit us or our partner to terminate the agreement prior to its scheduled termination date under various circumstances as described in the preceding risk factor. some of our program agreements also provide that, upon expiration or termination, our partner may purchase or designate a third party to purchase the accounts and loans generated with respect to its program and all related customer data. the loss of any of our largest partners or a material reduction in the interest and fees we receive from their customers could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
our results depend, to a significant extent, on the active and effective promotion and support of our products by our partners.
our partners generally accept most major credit cards and various other forms of payment, and therefore our success depends on their active and effective promotion of our products to their customers. we depend on our partners to integrate the use of our credit products into their store culture by training their sales associates about our products, having their sales associates encourage their customers to apply for, and use, our products and otherwise effectively marketing our products. in addition, although our retail card programs and our payment solutions programs with national and regional retailer partners typically are exclusive with respect to the credit products we offer at that partner, some payment solutions programs and most carecredit provider relationships are not exclusive to us, and therefore a partner may choose to promote a competitor's financing over ours, depending upon cost, availability or attractiveness to consumers or other factors. typically, we do not have, or utilize, any recourse against these non-exclusive partners when they do not sufficiently promote our products. partners may also implement or fail to implement changes in their systems and technologies that may disrupt the integration between their systems and technologies and ours, which could disrupt the use of our products. the failure by our partners to effectively promote and support our products as well as changes they may make in their business models that negatively impact card usage could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. in addition, if our partners engage in improper business practices, do not adhere to the terms of our program agreements or other contractual arrangements or standards, or otherwise diminish the value of our brand, we may suffer reputational damage and customers may be less likely to use our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
our results are impacted, to a significant extent, by the financial performance of our partners.
our ability to generate new loans and the interest and fees and other income associated with them is dependent upon sales of merchandise and services by our partners. the retail and healthcare industries in which our partners operate are intensely competitive. our partners compete with retailers and department stores in their own geographic areas, as well as catalog and internet sales businesses. our partners in the healthcare industry compete with other healthcare providers. our partners' sales may decrease or may not increase as we anticipate for various reasons, some of which are in the partners' control and some of which are not. for example, partner sales may be adversely affected by macroeconomic conditions having a national, regional or more local effect on consumer spending, business conditions affecting a particular partner or industry, or catastrophes affecting broad or more discrete geographic areas. if our partners' sales decline for any reason, it generally results in lower credit sales, and therefore lower loan volume and associated interest and fees and other income for us from their customers. in addition, if a partner closes some or all of its stores or becomes subject to a voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy proceeding (or if there is a perception that it may become subject to a bankruptcy proceeding), its customers who have used our financing products may have less incentive to pay their outstanding balances to us, which could result in higher charge-off rates than anticipated and our costs for servicing its customers' accounts may increase. this risk is particularly acute with respect to our largest partners that account for a significant amount of our platform revenue. see "-a significant percentage of our platform revenue comes from relationships with a small number of retail card partners, and the loss of any of these retail card partners could adversely affect our business and results of operations." moreover, if the financial condition of a partner deteriorates significantly or a partner becomes subject to a bankruptcy proceeding, we may not be able to recover for customer returns, customer payments made in partner stores or other amounts due to us from the partner. a decrease in sales by our partners for any reason or a bankruptcy proceeding involving any of them could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations.
adverse financial market conditions or our inability to effectively manage our funding and liquidity risk could have a material adverse effect on our funding, liquidity and ability to meet our obligations.
we need to effectively manage our funding and liquidity in order to meet our cash requirements such as day-to-day operating expenses, extensions of credit to our customers, payments of principal and interest on our borrowings and payments on our other obligations. our primary sources of funding and liquidity are collections from our customers, deposits, funds from securitized financings and proceeds from unsecured borrowings. if we do not have sufficient liquidity, we may not be able to meet our obligations, particularly during a liquidity stress event. if we maintain or are required to maintain too much liquidity, it could be costly and reduce our financial flexibility.
we will need additional financing in the future to refinance any existing debt and finance growth of our business. the availability of additional financing will depend on a variety of factors such as financial market conditions generally, including the availability of credit to the financial services industry, consumers' willingness to place money on deposit in the bank, our performance and credit ratings and the performance of our securitized portfolios. disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in the capital, credit or deposit markets, such as the uncertainty and volatility experienced in the capital and credit markets during the financial crisis and more recently arising from the sovereign debt crisis in europe and other economic and political conditions in the global markets and concerning the level of u.s. government debt and fiscal measures that may be taken over the longer term to address these matters, may limit our ability to obtain additional financing or refinance maturing liabilities on desired terms (including funding costs) in a timely manner or at all. as a result, we may be forced to delay obtaining funding or be forced to issue or raise funding on undesirable terms, which could significantly reduce our financial flexibility and cause us to contract or not grow our business, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial conditions.
in addition, at december 31, 2015, we had an aggregate of $6.1 billion of undrawn committed capacity from private lenders under two of our existing securitization programs. our ability to draw on such commitments is subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, including the applicable securitization trust having sufficient collateral to support the draw and the absence of an early amortization event. moreover, there are regulatory reforms that have recently been proposed or adopted in the united states and internationally that are intended to address certain issues that affected banks in the recent financial crisis. these reforms, generally referred to as "basel iii," subject banks to more stringent capital, liquidity and leverage requirements. to the extent that the basel iii requirements result in increased costs to the banks providing undrawn committed capacity under our securitization programs, these costs are likely to be passed on to us. in addition, in response to basel iii, some banks in the market (including certain of the private lenders in our securitization programs) have added provisions to their credit agreements permitting them to delay disbursement of funding requests for 30 days or more. if our bank lenders require delayed disbursements of funding and/or higher pricing for committing undrawn capacity to us, our cost of funding and access to liquidity could be adversely affected.
while financial market conditions have generally stabilized and improved since the financial crisis, there can be no assurance that significant disruptions, uncertainties and volatility will not occur in the future. if we are unable to continue to finance our business, access capital markets and attract deposits on favorable terms and in a timely manner, or if we experience an increase in our borrowing costs or otherwise fail to manage our liquidity effectively, our results of operations and financial condition may be materially adversely affected.
a reduction in our credit ratings could materially increase the cost of our funding from, and restrict our access to, the capital markets.
our senior unsecured debt currently is rated bbb- (stable outlook) by fitch ratings, inc. ("fitch") and bbb- (stable outlook) by standard & poor's ("s&p"). although we have not requested that moody's investor services, inc. ("moody's") provide a rating for our senior unsecured debt, we believe that if moody's were to issue a rating on our unsecured debt, its rating would be lower than the comparable ratings issued by fitch and s&p. the ratings for our unsecured debt are based on a number of factors, including our financial strength, as well as factors that may not be within our control, such as macroeconomic conditions and the rating agencies' perception of the industries in which we operate and the products we offer. the ratings of our asset-backed securities are, and will continue to be, based on a number of factors, including the quality of the underlying loans and the credit enhancement structure with respect to each series of asset-backed securities, as well as our credit rating as sponsor and servicer of our publicly registered securitization trust. these ratings also reflect the various methodologies and assumptions used by the rating agencies, which are subject to change and could adversely affect our ratings. the rating agencies regularly evaluate our credit ratings as well as the credit ratings of our asset-backed securities. a downgrade in our unsecured debt or asset-backed securities credit ratings (or investor concerns that a downgrade may occur) could materially increase the cost of our funding from, and restrict our access to, the capital markets.
if the ratings on our asset-backed securities are reduced, put on negative watch or withdrawn, it may have an adverse effect on the liquidity or the market price of our asset-backed securities and on the cost of, or our ability to continue using, securitized financings to the extent anticipated.
our inability to securitize our loans would have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, cost of funds and financial condition.
we use the securitization of loans, which involves the transfer of loans to a trust and the issuance by the trust of asset-backed securities to third-party investors, as a significant source of funding. our average level of securitized financings from third parties was $13.9 billion and $14.8 billion for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. for a discussion of our securitization activities, see "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations-funding, liquidity and capital resources-funding sources-securitized financings" and note 5. variable interest entities to our consolidated and combined financial statements.
although the securitization market for credit cards has been re-established since the financial crisis that began in 2008, there can be no assurance that the market will not experience future disruptions. the extent to which we securitize our loans in the future will depend in part upon the conditions in the securities markets in general and the credit card asset-backed securities market in particular, the overall credit quality of our loans and the conformity of the loans and our securitization program to rating agency requirements, the costs of securitizing our loans, and the legal, regulatory, accounting and tax requirements governing securitization transactions. in the event we are unable to refinance existing asset-backed securities from our publicly registered securitization trust with new securities from the same trust, there are structural and regulatory constraints on our ability to refinance these asset-backed securities with bank deposits or other funding at the bank, and therefore we would be required to rely on sources outside of the bank, which may not be available or may be available only at higher cost. a prolonged inability to securitize our loans on favorable terms, or at all, or to refinance our asset-backed securities would have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, cost of funds and financial condition.
the occurrence of an early amortization of our securitization facilities would have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and cost of funds.
our liquidity would be materially adversely affected by the occurrence of events resulting in the early amortization of our existing securitized financings. during an early amortization period, principal collections from the loans in our asset-backed securitization trusts would be applied to repay principal of the asset-backed securities rather than being available on a revolving basis to fund purchases of newly originated loans. this would negatively impact our liquidity, including our ability to originate new loans under existing accounts, and require us to rely on alternative funding sources, which might increase our funding costs or might not be available when needed.
our loss of the right to service or subservice our securitized loans would have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and cost of funds.
synchrony currently acts as servicer with respect to our publicly registered securitization trust and its related series of asset-backed securities, and the bank acts as servicer with respect to our other two securitization trusts. if synchrony or the bank, as applicable, defaults in its servicing obligations, an early amortization event could occur with respect to the relevant asset-backed securities and/or synchrony or the bank, as applicable, could be replaced as servicer. servicer defaults include, for example, the failure of the servicer to make any payment, transfer or deposit in accordance with the securitization documents, a breach of representations, warranties or agreements made by the servicer under the securitization documents, the delegation of the servicer's duties contrary to the securitization documents and the occurrence of certain insolvency events with respect to the servicer. such an amortization event would have the adverse consequences discussed in the immediately preceding risk factor.
if either synchrony or the bank defaults in its servicing obligations with respect to any of our three securitization trusts, a third party could be appointed as servicer of the related trust. if a third-party servicer is appointed, there is no assurance that the third party will engage us as sub-servicer, in which event we would no longer be able to control the manner in which the related trust's assets are serviced, and the failure of a third party to appropriately service such assets could lead to an early amortization event in the affected securitization trust, which would have the adverse consequences discussed in the immediately preceding risk factor.
lower payment rates on our securitized loans could materially adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition.
certain collections from our securitized loans come back to us through our subsidiaries, and we use these collections to fund our purchase of newly originated loans to collateralize our securitized financings. if payment rates on our securitized loans are lower than they have historically been, fewer collections will be remitted to us on an ongoing basis. further, certain series of our asset-backed securities include a requirement that we accumulate principal collections in a restricted account for a specified number of months prior to the applicable security's maturity date. we are required under the program documents to lengthen this accumulation period to the extent we expect the payment rates to be low enough that the current length of the accumulation period is inadequate to fully fund the restricted account by the applicable security's maturity date. lower payment rates, and in particular, payment rates that are low enough that we are required to lengthen our accumulation periods, could materially adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition.
our inability to grow our deposits in the future could materially adversely affect our liquidity and ability to grow our business.
we obtain deposits directly from retail and commercial customers or through brokerage firms that offer our deposit products to their customers. at december 31, 2015, we had $29.7 billion in direct deposits (which includes deposits from banks and financial institutions) and $13.7 billion in deposits originated through brokerage firms (including network deposit sweeps procured through a program arranger who channels brokerage account deposits to us). a key part of our liquidity plan and funding strategy is to significantly expand our direct deposits.
the deposit business is highly competitive, with intense competition in attracting and retaining deposits. we compete on the basis of the rates we pay on deposits, features and benefits of our products, the quality of our customer service and the competitiveness of our digital banking capabilities. our ability to originate and maintain retail deposits is also highly dependent on the strength of the bank and the perceptions of consumers and others of our business practices and our financial health. adverse perceptions regarding our reputation could lead to difficulties in attracting and retaining deposits accounts. negative public opinion could result from actual or alleged conduct in a number of areas, including lending practices, regulatory compliance, inadequate protection of customer information or sales and marketing activities, and from actions taken by regulators or others in response to such conduct.
the demand for the deposit products we offer may also be reduced due to a variety of factors, such as demographic patterns, changes in customer preferences, reductions in consumers' disposable income, regulatory actions that decrease customer access to particular products or the availability of competing products. competition from other financial services firms and others that use deposit funding products may affect deposit renewal rates, costs or availability. changes we make to the rates offered on our deposit products may affect our profitability and liquidity.
the fdia prohibits an insured bank from accepting brokered deposits or offering interest rates on any deposits significantly higher than the prevailing rate in the bank's normal market area or nationally (depending upon where the deposits are solicited), unless it is "well capitalized," or it is "adequately capitalized" and receives a waiver from the fdic. a bank that is "adequately capitalized" and accepts brokered deposits under a waiver from the fdic may not pay an interest rate on any deposit in excess of 75 basis points over certain prevailing market rates. there are no such restrictions under the fdia on a bank that is "well capitalized" and at december 31, 2015, the bank met or exceeded all applicable requirements to be deemed "well capitalized" for purposes of the fdia. however, there can be no assurance that the bank will continue to meet those requirements. limitations on the bank's ability to accept brokered deposits for any reason (including regulatory limitations on the amount of brokered deposits in total or as a percentage of total assets) in the future could materially adversely impact our funding costs and liquidity. any limitation on the interest rates the bank can pay on deposits could competitively disadvantage us in attracting and retaining deposits and have a material adverse effect on our business.
changes in market interest rates could have a material adverse effect on our net earnings, funding and liquidity.
changes in market interest rates cause our net interest income and our interest expense to increase or decrease, as certain of our assets and liabilities carry interest rates that fluctuate with market benchmarks. at december 31, 2015, 55.6% of our loan receivables bore a fixed interest rate to the customer, and we generally fund these assets with fixed rate certificates of deposit, securitized financing and unsecured debt. at december 31, 2015, 44.4% of our loan receivables bore a floating interest rate to the customer, and we generally fund these assets with floating rate deposits, asset-backed securities and unsecured debt. the interest rate benchmark for our floating rate assets is the prime rate, and the interest rate benchmark for our floating rate liabilities is generally either the london interbank offered rate ("libor") or the federal funds rate. the prime rate and libor or the federal funds rate could reset at different times or could diverge, leading to mismatches in the interest rates on our floating rate assets and floating rate liabilities. to the extent we are unable to effectively match the interest rates on our assets and liabilities (including, in the future, potentially through the use of derivatives), our net earnings could be materially adversely affected.
competitive and regulatory factors may limit our ability to raise interest rates, fixed or floating, on our loans. in addition, some of our program agreements limit the rate of interest we can charge to customers under those agreements. if interest rates were to rise materially over a sustained period of time, and we are unable to sufficiently raise our interest rates in a timely manner, or at all, our net interest margin could be adversely impacted, which could have a material adverse effect on our net earnings.
interest rates may also adversely impact our customers' spending levels and ability and willingness to pay amounts owed to us. our floating rate credit products bear interest rates that fluctuate with the prime rate. higher interest rates often lead to higher payment obligations by customers to us and other lenders under mortgage, credit card and other consumer loans, which may reduce our customers' ability to remain current on their obligations to us and therefore lead to increased delinquencies, bankruptcies, charge-offs and allowances for loan losses, and decreasing recoveries, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our net earnings.
changes in interest rates and competitor responses to these changes may also impact customer decisions to maintain deposits with us, and reductions in deposits could materially adversely affect our funding costs and liquidity.
we assess our interest rate risk by estimating the effect on our net earnings of various scenarios that differ based on assumptions about the direction and the magnitude of interest rate changes. we take risk mitigation actions based on those assessments. changes in interest rates could materially reduce our net interest income and our net earnings, and could also increase our funding costs and reduce our liquidity, especially if actual conditions turn out to be materially different from those we assumed. for a discussion of interest rate risk sensitivities, see "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk-interest rate risk."
our risk management processes and procedures may not be effective in mitigating our risks.
our risk management processes and procedures seek to appropriately balance risk and return and mitigate risks. we have established processes and procedures intended to identify, measure, monitor and control the types of risk to which we are subject, including credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, strategic risk and operational (including compliance) risk. credit risk is the risk of loss that arises when an obligor fails to meet the terms of an obligation. we are exposed to both consumer credit risk, from our customer loans, and institutional credit risk, principally from our partners. market risk is the risk of loss due to changes in external market factors such as interest rates. liquidity risk is the risk that financial condition or overall safety and soundness are adversely affected by an inability, or perceived inability, to meet obligations and support business growth. strategic risk is the risk from changes in the business environment, improper implementation of decisions or inadequate responsiveness to changes in the business environment. operational risk is the risk of loss arising from inadequate or failed processes, people or systems, external events (i.e., natural disasters) or compliance, reputational or legal matters and includes those risks as they relate directly to our company as well as to third parties with whom we contract or otherwise do business. see "item 1. business-credit risk management" and "risk management" for additional information on the types of risks affecting our business.
we seek to monitor and control our risk exposure through a framework that includes our risk appetite statement, era process, risk policies, procedures and controls, reporting requirements, credit risk culture and governance structure. management of our risks in some cases depends upon the use of analytical and/or forecasting models. if the models that we use to manage these risks are ineffective at predicting future losses or are otherwise inadequate, we may incur unexpected losses or otherwise be adversely affected. in addition, the information we use in managing our credit and other risk may be inaccurate or incomplete as a result of error or fraud, both of which may be difficult to detect and avoid. there may also be risks that exist, or that develop in the future, that we have not appropriately anticipated, identified or mitigated including when processes are changed or new products and services are introduced. if our risk management framework does not effectively identify and control our risks, we could suffer unexpected losses or be adversely affected, and that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
we rely extensively on models in managing many aspects of our business, and if they are not accurate or are misinterpreted, it could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
we rely extensively on models in managing many aspects of our business, including liquidity and capital planning (including stress testing), customer selection, credit and other risk management, pricing, reserving and collections management. the models may prove in practice to be less predictive than we expect for a variety of reasons, including as a result of errors in constructing, interpreting or using the models or the use of inaccurate assumptions (including failures to update assumptions appropriately or in a timely manner). our assumptions may be inaccurate for many reasons including that they often involve matters that are inherently difficult to predict and beyond our control (e.g., macroeconomic conditions and their impact on partner and customer behaviors) and they often involve complex interactions between a number of dependent and independent variables, factors and other assumptions. the errors or inaccuracies in our models may be material, and could lead us to make wrong or sub-optimal decisions in managing our business, and this could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
our business depends on our ability to successfully manage our credit risk, and failing to do so may result in high charge-off rates.
our success depends on our ability to manage our credit risk while attracting new customers with profitable usage patterns. we select our customers, manage their accounts and establish terms and credit limits using proprietary scoring models and other analytical techniques that are designed to set terms and credit limits to appropriately compensate us for the credit risk we accept, while encouraging customers to use their available credit. the models and approaches we use to manage our credit risk may not accurately predict future charge-offs for various reasons discussed in the preceding risk factor.
our ability to manage credit risk and avoid high charge-off rates also may be adversely affected by economic conditions that may be difficult to predict, such as the recent financial crisis. although delinquencies and charge-offs continued to decline through 2015, they both may increase in the future and are likely to increase materially if economic conditions deteriorate. we remain subject to conditions in the consumer credit environment. there can be no assurance that our credit underwriting and risk management strategies will enable us to avoid high charge-off levels or delinquencies, or that our allowance for loan losses will be sufficient to cover actual losses.
a customer's ability to repay us can be negatively impacted by increases in their payment obligations to other lenders under mortgage, credit card and other loans (including student loans). these changes can result from increases in base lending rates or structured increases in payment obligations, and could reduce the ability of our customers to meet their payment obligations to other lenders and to us. in addition, a customer's ability to repay us can be negatively impacted by the restricted availability of credit to consumers generally, including reduced and closed lines of credit. customers with insufficient cash flow to fund daily living expenses and lack of access to other sources of credit may be more likely to increase their card usage and ultimately default on their payment obligations to us, resulting in higher credit losses in our portfolio. our collection operations may not compete effectively to secure more of customers' diminished cash flow than our competitors. in addition, we may not identify customers who are likely to default on their payment obligations to us and reduce our exposure by closing credit lines and restricting authorizations quickly enough, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. at december 31, 2015, 26.9% of our portfolio's loan receivables were from consumers with a fico score of 660 or less (excluding unrated accounts), who typically have higher delinquency and credits losses than consumers with higher fico scores.
our ability to manage credit risk also may be adversely affected by legal or regulatory changes (such as bankruptcy laws and minimum payment regulations) and collection regulations, competitors' actions and consumer behavior, as well as inadequate collections staffing, techniques, models and performance of vendors such as collection agencies.
our allowance for loan losses may prove to be insufficient to cover losses on our loans.
we maintain an allowance for loan losses (a reserve established through a provision for losses charged to expense) that we believe is appropriate to provide for incurred losses in our loan portfolio. in addition, for portfolios we may acquire when we enter into new partner program agreements, any deterioration in the performance of the purchased portfolios after acquisition results in incremental loss reserves. growth in our loan portfolio generally would lead to an increase in the allowance for loan losses.
the process for establishing an allowance for loan losses is critical to our results of operations and financial condition, and requires complex models and judgments, including forecasts of economic conditions. changes in economic conditions affecting borrowers, new information regarding our loans and other factors, both within and outside of our control, may require an increase in the allowance for loan losses. we may underestimate our incurred losses and fail to maintain an allowance for loan losses sufficient to account for these losses. in cases where we modify a loan, if the modified loans do not perform as anticipated, we may be required to establish additional allowances on these loans.
we periodically review and update our methodology, models and the underlying assumptions, estimates and assessments we use to establish our allowance for loan losses to reflect our view of current conditions. moreover, our regulators, as part of their supervisory function, periodically review the methodology, models and the underlying assumptions, estimates and assessments we use for calculating, and the adequacy of, our allowance for loan losses. our regulators, based on their judgment, may conclude that we should modify our methodology, models or the underlying assumptions, estimates and assessments, increase our allowance for loan losses and/or recognize further losses. we continue to review and evaluate our methodology, models and the underlying assumptions, estimates and assessments we use and we will implement further enhancements or changes to them, as needed. we cannot assure you that our loan loss reserves will be sufficient to cover actual losses. future increases in the allowance for loan losses or recognized losses (as a result of any review, update, regulatory guidance or otherwise) will result in a decrease in net earnings and capital and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
if assumptions or estimates we use in preparing our financial statements are incorrect or are required to change, our reported results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected.
we are required to make various assumptions and estimates in preparing our financial statements under gaap, including for purposes of determining allowances for loan losses, asset impairment, reserves related to litigation and other legal matters, valuation of income and other taxes and regulatory exposures and the amounts recorded for certain contractual payments to be paid to or received from partners and others under contractual arrangements. in addition, significant assumptions and estimates are involved in determining certain disclosures required under gaap, including those involving the fair value of our financial instruments. if the assumptions or estimates underlying our financial statements are incorrect, the actual amounts realized on transactions and balances subject to those estimates will be different, and this could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
in addition, the financial accounting standards board ("fasb") is currently reviewing or proposing changes to several financial accounting and reporting standards that govern key aspects of our financial statements, including the proposed standard on accounting for credit losses and other areas where assumptions or estimates are required. as a result of changes to financial accounting or reporting standards, whether promulgated or required by the fasb or other regulators, we could be required to change certain of the assumptions or estimates we previously used in preparing our financial statements, which could materially impact how we record and report our results of operations and financial condition generally. for additional information on the key areas for which assumptions and estimates are used in preparing our financial statements, see "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations-critical accounting estimates" and note 2. basis of presentation and summary of significant accounting policies to our consolidated and combined financial statements.
we may not be able to offset increases in our costs with decreased payments under our retailer share arrangements, which could reduce our profitability.
most of our retail card program agreements and certain other program agreements contain retailer share arrangements that provide for payments to our partners if the economic performance of the relevant program exceeds a contractually defined threshold. although the share arrangements vary by partner, these arrangements are generally structured to measure the economic performance of the program, based typically on agreed upon program revenues (including interest income and certain other income) less agreed upon program expenses (including interest expense, provision for loan losses, retailer payments and operating expenses), and share portions of this amount above a negotiated threshold. these arrangements are typically designed to permit us to achieve an economic return before we are required to make payments to our partners based on the agreed contractually defined threshold. however, because the threshold and the economic performance of a program that are used to calculate payments to our partners may be based on, among other things, agreed upon measures of program expenses rather than our actual expenses, we may not be able to pass on increases in our actual expenses (such as funding costs or operating expenses) in the form of reduced payments under our retailer share arrangements, and our economic return on a program could be adversely affected.
competition in the consumer finance industry is intense.
the success of our business depends on our ability to retain existing partners and attract new partners. the competition for partners is intense and becoming more competitive. our primary competitors for partners include major financial institutions, such as alliance data, american express, capital one, chase, citibank, td bank and wells fargo, and to a lesser extent, potential partners' own in-house financing capabilities. some of our competitors are substantially larger, have substantially greater resources and may offer a broader range of products and services. we compete for partners on the basis of a number of factors, including program financial and other terms, underwriting standards, marketing expertise, service levels, product and service offerings (including incentive and loyalty programs), technological capabilities and integration, brand and reputation. in addition, some of our competitors for partners have a business model that allows for their partners to manage underwriting (e.g., new account approval), customer service and collections, and other core banking responsibilities that we retain but some partners may prefer to handle. as a result of competition, we may be unable to acquire new partners, lose existing relationships to competing companies or find it more costly to maintain our existing relationships.
our success also depends on our ability to attract and retain customers and generate usage of our products by them. the consumer credit and payments industry is highly competitive and we face an increasingly dynamic industry as emerging technologies enter the marketplace. as a form of payment, our products compete with cash, checks, debit cards, general purpose credit cards (including visa and mastercard, american express and discover card), other private label card brands and, to a certain extent, prepaid cards. we also compete with non-traditional providers such as paypal. in the future, we expect our products may face increased competition from new emerging payment technologies, such as apple pay, android pay, chase pay, samsung pay, square and walmart pay, as well as consortia of merchants that are expected to combine payment systems to reduce interchange and other costs (e.g., currentc), to the extent that our products are not accepted in, or compatible with, such technologies. we may also face increased competition from current competitors or others who introduce or embrace disruptive technology that significantly changes the consumer credit and payment industry. we compete for customers and their usage of our products, and to minimize transfers to competitors of our customers' outstanding balances, based on a number of factors, including pricing (interest rates and fees), product offerings, credit limits, incentives (including loyalty programs) and customer service. although we offer a variety of consumer credit products, some of our competitors provide a broader selection of services, including home and automobile loans, debit cards and bank branch atm access, which may position them better among customers who prefer to use a single financial institution to meet all of their financial needs. some of our competitors are substantially larger than we are, which may give those competitors advantages, including a more diversified product and customer base, the ability to reach out to more customers and potential customers, operational efficiencies, more versatile technology platforms, broad-based local distribution capabilities and lower-cost funding. in addition, some of our competitors, including new and emerging competitors in the digital and mobile payments space, are not subject to the same regulatory requirements or legislative scrutiny to which we are subject, which also could place us at a competitive disadvantage. customer attrition from any or all of our credit products or any lowering of the pricing of our products by reducing interest rates or fees in order to retain customers could reduce our revenues and therefore our earnings.
in our retail deposits business, we have acquisition and servicing capabilities similar to other direct banking competitors. we compete for deposits with traditional banks and, in seeking to grow our direct banking business, we compete with other banks that have direct banking models similar to ours, such as ally financial, american express, capital one 360 (ing), discover, nationwide, sallie mae and usaa. competition among direct banks is intense because online banking provides customers the ability to rapidly deposit and withdraw funds and open and close accounts in favor of products and services offered by competitors.
if we are unable to compete effectively for partners, customer usage or deposits, our business and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
our business is heavily concentrated in u.s. consumer credit, and therefore our results are more susceptible to fluctuations in that market than a more diversified company.
our business is heavily concentrated in u.s. consumer credit. as a result, we are more susceptible to fluctuations and risks particular to u.s. consumer credit than a more diversified company. for example, our business is particularly sensitive to macroeconomic conditions that affect the u.s. economy, consumer spending and consumer credit. we are also more susceptible to the risks of increased regulations and legal and other regulatory actions that are targeted at consumer credit or the specific consumer credit products that we offer (including promotional financing). due to our carecredit platform, we are also more susceptible to increased regulations and legal and other regulatory actions targeted at elective healthcare related procedures or services, in contrast to other industries. our business concentration could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
our industry is subject to rapid and significant changes in technologies, products and services. a key part of our financial success depends on our ability to develop and commercialize new products and services or enhancements to existing products and services, including with respect to loyalty programs, mobile and point of sale technologies, and new synchrony-branded bank deposit and credit products. realizing the benefits of those products and services is uncertain. we may not assign the appropriate level of resources, priority or expertise to the development and commercialization of these new products, services or enhancements. our ability to develop, acquire or commercialize competitive technologies, products or services on acceptable terms or at all may be limited by intellectual property rights that third parties, including competitors and potential competitors, may assert. in addition, success is dependent on factors such as partner and customer acceptance, adoption and usage, competition, the effectiveness of marketing programs, the availability of appropriate technologies and business processes and regulatory approvals. success of a new product, service or enhancement also may depend upon our ability to deliver it on a large scale, which may require a significant investment.
we also may select, utilize and invest in technologies, products and services that ultimately do not achieve widespread adoption and therefore are not as attractive or useful to our partners, customers and service partners as we anticipate, or partners may not recognize the value of our new products and services or believe they justify any potential costs or disruptions associated with implementing them. in addition, because our products and services typically are marketed through our partners, if our partners are unwilling or unable to effectively implement our new technologies, products, services or enhancements, we may be unable to grow our business. competitors may also develop or adopt technologies or introduce innovations that change the markets we operate in and make our products less competitive and attractive to our partners and customers.
in any event, we may not realize the benefit of new technologies, products, services or enhancements for many years or competitors may introduce more compelling products, services or enhancements. our failure to successfully develop and commercialize new or enhanced products, services or enhancements could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
we may not realize the value of strategic investments that we pursue and such investments could divert resources or introduce unforeseen risks to our business.
we may execute strategic acquisitions or partnerships or make other strategic investments in businesses, products, technologies or platforms to enhance or grow our business. these strategic investments may introduce new costs or liabilities which could impact our ability to grow or maintain acceptable performance.
we may be unable to integrate systems, personnel or technologies from our strategic investments. these strategic investments may also present unforeseen legal, regulatory or other challenges that we may not be able to manage effectively. the planning and integration of an acquisition, partnership or investment may shift employee time and other resources which could impair our ability to focus on our core business.
strategic investments may not perform as expected due to lack of acceptance by partners, customers or employees, higher than forecasted costs, lengthy transition periods, synergies or savings not being realized and a variety of other factors. this may result in a delay or unrealized benefit, or in some cases, increased costs or other unforeseen risks to our business.
reductions in interchange fees may reduce the competitive advantages our private label credit card products currently have by virtue of not charging interchange fees and would reduce our income from those fees.
interchange is a fee merchants pay to the interchange network in exchange for the use of the network's infrastructure and payment facilitation, and which are paid to credit card issuers to compensate them for the risk they bear in lending money to customers. we earn interchange fees on dual card transactions but we do not charge or earn interchange fees from our partners or customers on our private label credit card products.
merchants, trying to decrease their operating expenses, have sought to, and have had some success at, lowering interchange rates. several recent events and actions indicate a continuing increase in focus on interchange by both regulators and merchants. beyond pursuing litigation, legislation and regulation, merchants are also pursuing alternate payment platforms as a means to lower payment processing costs. to the extent interchange fees are reduced, one of our current competitive advantages with our partners-that we typically do not charge interchange fees when our private label credit card products are used to purchase our partners' goods and services-may be reduced. moreover, to the extent interchange fees are reduced, our income from those fees will be lower. we received approximately $505 million of interchange fees for the year ended december 31, 2015. as a result, a reduction in interchange fees could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. in addition, for our dual cards, we are subject to the operating regulations and procedures set forth by the interchange network, and our failure to comply with these operating regulations, which may change from time to time, could subject us to various penalties or fees, or the termination of our license to use the interchange network, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
fraudulent activity associated with our products and services could negatively impact our operating results, brand and reputation and cause the use of our products and services to decrease and our fraud losses to increase.
we are subject to the risk of fraudulent activity associated with partners, customers and third parties handling customer information. our fraud-related losses have increased significantly in recent years and were $219 million, $154 million and $134 million for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. our fraud-related losses are due primarily to our dual card product, which has grown in recent years and, like the overall market for general purpose credit cards, has experienced significant counterfeit and mail/phone fraud (including as a result of well-publicized security breaches at retailers unrelated to us). our products are also susceptible to application fraud, because among other things, we provide immediate access to the credit line at the time of approval. in addition, sales on the internet and through mobile channels are becoming a larger part of our business and fraudulent activity is higher as a percentage of sales in those channels than in stores. dual cards and private label credit cards are susceptible to different types of fraud, and, depending on our product channel mix (including as a result of the introduction, if any, of a synchrony-branded general purpose credit card), we may continue to experience variations in, or levels of, fraud-related expense that are different from or higher than that experienced by some of our competitors or the industry generally.
the risk of fraud continues to increase for the financial services industry in general, and credit card fraud, identity theft and related crimes are likely to continue to be prevalent, and perpetrators are growing more sophisticated. our resources, technologies and fraud prevention tools may be insufficient to accurately detect and prevent fraud. in 2015, we reissued all active dual cards (visa and mastercards) that were active at the time when the portfolio was reissued with new emv chip cards with all of our retail partners, but the types of fraud perpetrated will continue to shift to other fraud types, and we expect to see an increase in the rates of attack in application fraud, account takeover, and card-not-present fraud. high profile fraudulent activity also could negatively impact our brand and reputation, which could negatively impact the use of our cards and thereby have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. in addition, significant increases in fraudulent activity could lead to regulatory intervention (such as increased customer notification requirements and mandatory issuance of cards with emv chips), which could increase our costs and also negatively impact our operating results, brand and reputation and could lead us to take steps to reduce fraud risk, which could increase our costs.
cyber-attacks or other security breaches could have a material adverse effect on our business.
in the normal course of business, we collect, process and retain sensitive and confidential information regarding our partners and our customers. we also have arrangements in place with our partners and other third parties through which we share and receive information about their customers who are or may become our customers. although we devote significant resources and management focus to ensuring the integrity of our systems through information security and business continuity programs, our facilities and systems, and those of our partners and third-party service providers, are vulnerable to external or internal security breaches, acts of vandalism, computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, programming or human errors, or other similar events. we and our partners and third-party service providers have experienced all of these events in the past and expect to continue to experience them in the future. these events could interrupt our business or operations, result in significant legal and financial exposure, supervisory liability, damage to our reputation or a loss of confidence in the security of our systems, products and services. although the impact to date from these events has not had a material adverse effect on us, we cannot be sure this will be the case in the future.
information security risks for large financial institutions like us have increased recently in part because of new technologies, the use of the internet and telecommunications technologies (including mobile devices) to conduct financial and other business transactions and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, perpetrators of fraud, hackers, terrorists and others. in addition to cyber-attacks or other security breaches involving the theft of sensitive and confidential information, hackers recently have engaged in attacks against large financial institutions that are designed to disrupt key business services, such as consumer-facing web sites. the separation and our emergence as a separately branded company could increase our profile and therefore our risk of being targeted for cyber-attacks and other security breaches, including attacks targeting our key business services and websites. we are not able to anticipate or implement effective preventive measures against all security breaches of these types, especially because the techniques used change frequently and because attacks can originate from a wide variety of sources. we employ detection and response mechanisms designed to contain and mitigate security incidents, but early detection may be thwarted by sophisticated attacks and malware designed to avoid detection.
we also face risks related to cyber-attacks and other security breaches in connection with credit card transactions that typically involve the transmission of sensitive information regarding our customers through various third-parties, including our partners, retailers that are not our partners where our dual cards are used, merchant acquiring banks, payment processors, card networks (e.g., visa and mastercard) and our processors (e.g., first data). some of these parties have in the past been the target of security breaches and cyber-attacks, and because the transactions involve third parties and environments such as the point of sale that we do not control or secure, future security breaches or cyber-attacks affecting any of these third parties could impact us through no fault of our own, and in some cases, we may have exposure and suffer losses for breaches or attacks relating to them. we also rely on numerous other third-party service providers to conduct other aspects of our business operations and face similar risks relating to them. while we regularly conduct security assessments of significant third-party service providers, we cannot be sure that their information security protocols are sufficient to withstand a cyber-attack or other security breach.
the access by unauthorized persons to, or the improper disclosure by us of, confidential information regarding our customers or our own proprietary information, software, methodologies and business secrets could interrupt our business or operations, result in significant legal and financial exposure, supervisory liability, damage to our reputation or a loss of confidence in the security of our systems, products and services, all of which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. in addition, recently there have been a number of well-publicized attacks or breaches directed at others in our industry that have heightened concern by consumers generally about the security of using credit cards, which have caused some consumers, including our customers, to use our credit cards less in favor of alternative methods of payment and has led to increased regulatory focus on, and potentially new regulations relating to, these matters. further cyber-attacks or other breaches in the future, whether affecting us or others, could intensify consumer concern and regulatory focus and result in reduced use of our cards and increased costs, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business.
the failure of third parties to provide various services that are important to our operations could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
some services important to our business are outsourced to third-party vendors. for example, our credit card transaction processing, production and related services (including the printing and mailing of customer statements) are handled by first data. first data, and, in some cases, other third-party vendors, are the sole source or one of a limited number of sources of the services they provide for us. it would be difficult and disruptive for us to replace some of our third-party vendors, particularly first data, in a timely manner if they were unwilling or unable to provide us with these services in the future (as a result of their financial or business conditions or otherwise), and our business and operations likely would be materially adversely affected. first data has publicly disclosed that it is highly leveraged and that it has incurred net losses of $1.5 billion, $458 million and $869 million for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. our principal agreement with first data expires in november 2026, unless it is terminated earlier or is extended pursuant to the terms thereof. in addition, if a third-party provider fails to provide the services we require, fails to meet contractual requirements, such as compliance with applicable laws and regulations, or suffers a cyber-attack or other security breach, our business could suffer economic and reputational harm that could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
we are replacing the third-party vendor that manages the technology platform for our online retail deposits. this transition to a new vendor could have a material adverse effect on our business.
the technology platform for our online retail deposits is currently managed by fis, and will be managed by a replacement vendor, fiserv. during 2015, we began the process of transitioning the core banking and deposit services provided by fis to fiserv. we currently expect our planned transition to our new vendor will be completed in 2016. this transition to a new vendor could be difficult for us and could have a material adverse effect on our business.
disruptions in the operation of our computer systems and data centers could have a material adverse effect on our business.
our ability to deliver products and services to our partners and our customers, service our loans and otherwise operate our business and comply with applicable laws depends on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of our computer systems and data centers, as well as those of our partners and third-party service providers. these computer systems and data centers may encounter service interruptions at any time due to system or software failure, natural disaster or other reasons. in addition, the implementation of technology changes and upgrades to maintain current and integrate new systems may also cause service interruptions, transaction processing errors and system conversion delays and may cause our failure to comply with applicable laws, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business.
in connection with the separation, we have migrated, and in some cases, established with third parties, key parts of our technology infrastructure, including our data centers. as we migrated, and continue to migrate, to our new data centers, our partners have needed, and will need, to make changes to their networks to establish connectivity with us. these infrastructure changes, both the ones that we make and the ones required of our partners, may cause disruptions, systems interruptions, transaction processing errors and system conversion delays.
we expect that new technologies and business processes applicable to the consumer credit industry will continue to emerge, and these new technologies and business processes may be better than those we currently use. the pace of technology change is high and our industry is intensely competitive, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to sustain our investment in new technology as critical systems and applications become obsolete and better ones become available. a failure to maintain current technology and business processes could cause disruptions in our operations or cause our products and services to be less competitive, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we have international operations that subject us to various international risks as well as increased compliance and regulatory risks and costs.
we have international operations, primarily in india, the philippines and canada, and some of our third-party service providers provide services to us from other countries, all of which subject us to a number of international risks, including, among other things, sovereign volatility and socio-political instability. u.s. regulations also govern various aspects of the international activities of domestic corporations and increase our compliance and regulatory risks and costs. any failure on our part or the part of our service providers to comply with applicable u.s. regulations, as well as the regulations in the countries and markets in which we or they operate, could result in fines, penalties, injunctions or other similar restrictions, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
if we are alleged to have infringed upon the intellectual property rights owned by others or are not able to protect our intellectual property, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected.
competitors or other third parties may allege that we, or consultants or other third parties retained or indemnified by us, infringe on their intellectual property rights. we also may face allegations that our employees have misappropriated intellectual property of their former employers or other third parties. given the complex, rapidly changing and competitive technological and business environment in which we operate, and the potential risks and uncertainties of intellectual property-related litigation, an assertion of an infringement claim against us may cause us to spend significant amounts to defend the claim (even if we ultimately prevail), pay significant money damages, lose significant revenues, be prohibited from using the relevant systems, processes, technologies or other intellectual property, cease offering certain products or services, or incur significant license, royalty or technology development expenses. moreover, it has become common in recent years for individuals and groups to purchase intellectual property assets for the sole purpose of making claims of infringement and attempting to extract settlements from companies like ours. even in instances where we believe that claims and allegations of intellectual property infringement against us are without merit, defending against such claims is time consuming and expensive and could result in the diversion of time and attention of our management and employees. in addition, although in some cases a third party may have agreed to indemnify us for such costs, such indemnifying party may refuse or be unable to uphold its contractual obligations.
moreover, we rely on a variety of measures to protect our intellectual property and proprietary information, including copyrights, trademarks, patents, trade secrets and controls on access and distribution. these measures may not prevent misappropriation or infringement of our intellectual property or proprietary information and a resulting loss of competitive advantage, and in any event, we may be required to litigate to protect our intellectual property and proprietary information from misappropriation or infringement by others, which is expensive, could cause a diversion of resources and may not be successful. third parties may challenge, invalidate or circumvent our intellectual property, or our intellectual property may not be sufficient to provide us with competitive advantages. our competitors or other third parties may independently design around or develop similar technology, or otherwise duplicate our services or products such that we could not assert our intellectual property rights against them. in addition, our contractual arrangements may not effectively prevent disclosure of our intellectual property or confidential and proprietary information or provide an adequate remedy in the event of an unauthorized disclosure.
we have launched our new brand, "synchrony," and expect to spend significant amounts over the next few years promoting the new brand. we recently filed trademark applications to protect our new name in the united states and certain other countries, but the registrations of many of these trademarks are not complete and they may ultimately not become registered. our use of our new name (for our existing or any new products in the united states or other countries) may be challenged by third parties, and we may become involved in legal proceedings to protect or defend our rights with respect to our new name, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
litigation, regulatory actions and compliance issues could subject us to significant fines, penalties, judgments, remediation costs and/or requirements resulting in increased expenses.
our business is subject to increased risks of litigation and regulatory actions as a result of a number of factors and from various sources, including the highly regulated nature of the financial services industry, the focus of state and federal prosecutors on banks and the financial services industry and the structure of the credit card industry.
in the normal course of business, from time to time, we have been named as a defendant in various legal actions, including arbitrations, class actions and other litigation, arising in connection with our business activities. certain of the legal actions include claims for substantial compensatory and/or punitive damages, or claims for indeterminate amounts of damages. in addition, while historically the arbitration provision in our customer agreements generally has limited our exposure to consumer class action litigation, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in enforcing our arbitration clause in the future. there may also be legislative, administrative or regulatory efforts to directly or indirectly prohibit the use of pre-dispute arbitration clauses, or we may be compelled as a result of competitive pressure or reputational concerns to voluntarily eliminate pre-dispute arbitration clauses. in march 2015, the cfpb issued a report scrutinizing pre-dispute arbitration clauses, and in october 2015, the cfpb published proposals that would require any arbitration agreement included in a contract for a consumer financial product or service to provide explicitly that the arbitration agreement is inapplicable to cases filed in court on behalf of a class unless and until class certification is denied or the class claims are dismissed. if the cfpb proposals are enacted, our exposure to class action litigation could increase significantly.
we are also involved, from time to time, in reviews, investigations and proceedings (both formal and informal) by governmental agencies regarding our business (collectively, "regulatory matters"), which could subject us to significant fines, penalties, obligations to change our business practices or other requirements resulting in increased expenses, diminished earnings and damage to our reputation. the current environment of additional regulation, increased regulatory compliance efforts and enhanced regulatory enforcement has resulted in significant operational and compliance costs and may prevent or make it less attractive for us to continue providing certain products and services. there is no assurance that these regulatory matters or other factors will not, in the future, affect how we conduct our business and in turn have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
we contest liability and/or the amount of damages as appropriate in each pending matter. the outcome of pending and future matters could be material to our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows depending on, among other factors, the level of our earnings for that period, and could adversely affect our business and reputation. for a discussion of certain legal proceedings, see "item 1. business-regulation-consumer financial services regulation," note 17. legal proceedings and regulatory matters to our consolidated and combined financial statements, and "item 3. legal proceedings."
in addition to litigation and regulatory matters, from time to time, through our operational and compliance controls, we identify compliance issues that require us to make operational changes and, depending on the nature of the issue, result in financial remediation to impacted cardholders. these self-identified issues and voluntary remediation payments could be significant depending on the issue and the number of cardholders impacted. they also could generate litigation or regulatory investigations that subject us to additional adverse effects on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
damage to our reputation could negatively impact our business.
recently, financial services companies have been experiencing increased reputational risk as consumers take issue with certain of their practices or judgments. maintaining a positive reputation is critical to our attracting and retaining customers, partners, investors and employees. in particular, adverse perceptions regarding our reputation could also make it more difficult for us to execute on our strategy of increasing retail deposits at the bank and may lead to decreases in deposits. harm to our reputation can arise from many sources, including employee misconduct, misconduct by our partners, outsourced service providers or other counterparties, litigation or regulatory actions, failure by us or our partners to meet minimum standards of service and quality, inadequate protection of customer information and compliance failures. negative publicity regarding us (or others engaged in a similar business or activities), whether or not accurate, may damage our reputation, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
our business could be adversely affected if we are unable to attract, retain and motivate key officers and employees.
our success depends, in large part, on our ability to retain, recruit and motivate key officers and employees. our senior management team has significant industry experience and would be difficult to replace. competition for senior executives in the financial services and payment industry is intense. we may not be able to attract and retain qualified personnel to replace or succeed members of our senior management team or other key personnel. guidance issued by the federal banking regulators, as well as proposed rules implementing the executive compensation provisions of the dodd-frank act, may limit the type and structure of compensation arrangements that we may enter into with our most senior executives. in addition, proposed rules under the dodd-frank act would prohibit the payment of "excessive" compensation to our executives. compensation paid to officers of the bank would be subject to comparable limitations. these restrictions could negatively impact our ability to compete with other companies in recruiting, retaining and motivating key personnel. failure to retain talented senior leadership could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
tax legislation initiatives or challenges to our tax positions could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
we operate in multiple jurisdictions and we are subject to tax laws and regulations of the u.s. federal, state and local governments, and of various foreign jurisdictions. from time to time, legislative initiatives may be proposed, such as proposals for fundamental tax reform in the united states and lowering the corporate tax rate, which may impact our effective tax rate and could adversely affect our deferred tax assets, tax positions and/or our tax liabilities. in addition, u.s. federal, state and local, as well as foreign, tax laws and regulations are extremely complex and subject to varying interpretations. there can be no assurance that our historical tax positions will not be challenged by relevant tax authorities or that we would be successful in defending our position in connection with any such challenge.
state sales tax rules and regulations, and their application and interpretation by the respective states, could change and adversely affect our results of operations.
state sales tax rules and regulations, and their application and interpretation by the respective states, could adversely affect our results of operations. retailers collect sales tax from retail customers and remit those collections to the applicable states. when customers fail to repay their loans, including the amount of sales tax advanced by us to the merchant on their behalf, we are entitled, in some cases, to seek a refund of the amount of sales tax from the applicable state. sales tax laws and regulations enacted by the various states are subject to interpretation, and our compliance with such laws is routinely subject to audit and review by the states. audit risk is concentrated in several states, and these states are conducting ongoing audits. the outcomes of ongoing and any future audits and changes in the states' interpretation of the sales tax laws and regulations involving the recovery of tax on bad debts could materially adversely impact our results of operations.
we could have a material indemnification obligation to ge under the tssa if we cause the split-off from ge or certain preliminary transactions to fail to qualify for tax-free treatment or in the case of certain significant transfers of our stock following the split-off from ge.
ge completed its exit from its investment in us in an exchange offer that concluded in november 2015, resulting in our split-off from ge. the split-off was designed to qualify for taxfree treatment to ge and its shareholders under section 355 of the internal revenue code of 1986, as amended (the "code"). ge obtained a private letter ruling from the irs regarding certain issues relating to the taxfree treatment of the split-off and a series of preliminary transactions that occurred prior to implementing the exchange offer. although the irs private letter ruling is generally binding on the irs, the continuing validity of such ruling is subject to the accuracy of factual representations and assumptions made in the irs private letter ruling. the irs private letter ruling addresses only certain aspects of the transaction. as a result, ge obtained an opinion from tax counsel confirming the tax-free treatment of the split-off. the opinion is based upon various factual representations and assumptions, as well as certain undertakings made by us and ge. if any of those factual representations or assumptions in the irs private letter ruling or tax opinion are untrue or incomplete in any material respect, any undertaking is not complied with, or the facts upon which the irs private letter ruling or tax opinion was based are materially different from the facts at the time of the distribution, the split-off may not qualify for taxfree treatment. opinions of counsel are not binding on the irs. as a result, the conclusions expressed in the opinion of counsel could be challenged by the irs, and if the irs prevails in such challenge, the tax consequences of the split-off could be materially less favorable. if the split-off (or any of the preliminary transactions) is determined to be taxable, ge and its shareholders could incur significant tax liabilities, and under the tssa we entered into with ge, we may be required to indemnify ge for any liabilities incurred by ge if the liabilities are caused by any action or inaction undertaken by us following the ipo or as a result of any direct or indirect transfers of our stock following the exchange offer.
in order to preserve the taxfree status of the split-off and the preliminary transactions to ge, the tssa includes a provision generally prohibiting us from taking any action or inaction that is within our control (other than actions or inactions that implemented the split-off or certain preliminary transactions or actions or inactions that are consented to by ge or are at the direction of ge) that would cause the split-off (or the preliminary transactions) to become taxable, and providing for an indemnity obligation from us to ge for tax liabilities incurred by ge as a result of a breach of these provisions by us or as a result of any direct or indirect transfers of our stock following the exchange offer. as a result, we may not, as part of a plan that includes the exchange offer, enter into certain mergers or other change of control transactions.
the obligations associated with being an independent public company require significant resources and management attention.
as an independent public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the exchange act, the sarbanes-oxley act and sec rules thereunder, the dodd-frank act and regulations of the nyse. the exchange act requires that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our business and financial condition. the sarbanes-oxley act and sec rules thereunder require, among other things, that we establish and maintain effective internal controls and procedures for financial reporting. such requirements have and will increase our legal, accounting and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming and costly and could be burdensome on our personnel, systems and resources.
pursuant to the sarbanes-oxley act and sec rules, our management is required to conduct an annual evaluation of our internal controls over financial reporting and include a report of management on our internal controls in our annual reports on form 10-k. in addition, our independent auditors will attest to the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting beginning with this annual report on form 10-k for the year ending december 31, 2015. failure to achieve and maintain an effective internal control environment could have a material adverse effect on our business and the trading prices of our securities.
our business is subject to government regulation, supervision, examination and enforcement, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
our business, including our relationships with our customers, is subject to regulation, supervision and examination under u.s. federal, state and foreign laws and regulations. these laws and regulations cover all aspects of our business, including lending practices, treatment of our customers, safeguarding deposits, customer privacy and information security, capital structure, liquidity, dividends and other capital distributions, transactions with affiliates and conduct and qualifications of personnel. as a savings and loan holding company, synchrony is subject to regulation, supervision and examination by the federal reserve board. as a large provider of consumer financial services, we are also subject to regulation, supervision and examination by the cfpb. the bank is a federally chartered savings association. as such, the bank is subject to regulation, supervision and examination by the occ, which is its primary regulator, and by the cfpb. in addition, the bank, as an insured depository institution, is supervised by the fdic. we and the bank are regularly reviewed and examined by our respective regulators, which results in supervisory comments and directions relating to many aspects of our business that require response and attention. see "item 1. business-regulation" for more information about the regulations applicable to us.
banking laws and regulations are primarily intended to protect federally insured deposits, the dif and the banking system as a whole, and not intended to protect our stockholders, noteholders or creditors. if we or the bank fail to satisfy applicable laws and regulations, our respective regulators have broad discretion to enforce those laws and regulations, including with respect to the operation of our business, required capital levels, payment of dividends and other capital distributions, engaging in certain activities and making acquisitions and investments. our regulators also have broad discretion with respect to the enforcement of applicable laws and regulations, including through enforcement actions that could subject us to civil money penalties, customer remediation programs, increased compliance costs, and limits or prohibitions on our ability to offer certain products and services or to engage in certain activities. in addition, to the extent we undertake actions requiring regulatory approval or non-objection, our regulators may make their approval or non-objection subject to conditions or restrictions that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. any other actions taken by our regulators could also have a material adverse impact on our business, reputation and brand, results of operations and financial condition. moreover, some of our competitors are subject to different, and in some cases less restrictive, legislative and regulatory regimes, which may have the effect of providing them with a competitive advantage over us.
new laws or regulations or policy or practical changes in enforcement of existing laws or regulations applicable to our businesses, or our own reexamination of our current practices, could adversely impact our profitability, limit our ability to continue existing or pursue new business activities, require us to change certain of our business practices or alter our relationships with customers, affect retention of our key personnel, or expose us to additional costs (including increased compliance costs and/or customer remediation). these changes may also require us to invest significant management attention and resources to make any necessary changes and could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. for example, the cfpb has broad authority over our businesses. see "-there continues to be uncertainty as to how the consumer financial protection bureau's actions will impact our business; the agency's actions have had and may continue to have an adverse impact on our business."
we are also subject to potential enforcement and other actions that may be brought by state attorneys general or other state enforcement authorities and other governmental agencies. any such actions could subject us to civil money penalties and fines, customer remediation programs and increased compliance costs, as well as damage our reputation and brand and limit or prohibit our ability to offer certain products and services or engage in certain business practices. for a discussion of risks related to actions or proceedings brought by regulatory agencies, see "-risks relating to our business-litigation, regulatory actions and compliance issues could subject us to significant fines, penalties, judgments, remediation costs and/or requirements resulting in increased expenses."
the dodd-frank act has had, and may continue to have, a significant impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the dodd-frank act was enacted on july 21, 2010. while certain provisions in the act were effective immediately, many of the provisions require implementing regulations to be effective. the dodd-frank act and regulations promulgated thereunder have had, and may continue to have, a significant adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. for example, the dodd-frank act and related regulations restrict certain business practices, impose more stringent capital, liquidity and leverage ratio requirements, as well as additional costs (including increased compliance costs and increased costs of funding raised through the issuance of asset-backed securities), on us, limit the fees we can charge for services and impact the value of our assets. in addition, the dodd-frank act requires us to serve as a source of financial strength for any insured depository institution we control, such as the bank. such support may be required by the federal reserve board at times when we might otherwise determine not to provide it or when doing so is not otherwise in the interest of synchrony or its stockholders, noteholders or creditors. we describe certain provisions of the dodd-frank act and other legislative and regulatory developments in "item 1. business-regulation." federal agencies continue to promulgate regulations to implement the dodd-frank act, and these regulations may continue to have a significant adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
many provisions of the dodd-frank act require the adoption of additional rules to implement. in addition, the dodd-frank act mandates multiple studies, which could result in additional legislative or regulatory action. as a result, the ultimate impact of the dodd-frank act and its implementing regulations remains unclear and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
there continues to be uncertainty as to how the consumer financial protection bureau's actions will impact our business; the agency's actions have had and may continue to have an adverse impact on our business.
the cfpb, which commenced operations in july 2011, has broad authority over our businesses. this includes authority to write regulations under federal consumer financial protection laws and to enforce those laws against and examine large financial institutions, such as us and the bank, for compliance. the cfpb is authorized to prevent "unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices" through its regulatory, supervisory and enforcement authority. the federal reserve board and the occ and state government agencies may also invoke their supervisory and enforcement authorities to prevent unfair and deceptive acts or practices. these federal and state agencies are authorized to remediate violations of consumer protection laws in a number of ways, including collecting civil money penalties and fines and providing for customer restitution. the cfpb also engages in consumer financial education, requests data and promotes the availability of financial services to underserved consumers and communities. in addition, the cfpb maintains an online complaint system that allows consumers to log complaints with respect to various consumer finance products, including the products we offer. this system could inform future cfpb decisions with respect to its regulatory, enforcement or examination focus.
there continues to be uncertainty as to how the cfpb's strategies and priorities, including in both its examination and enforcement processes, will impact our businesses and our results of operations going forward. actions by the cfpb could result in requirements to alter or cease offering affected products and services, making them less attractive to consumers, less profitable to us, and restricting our ability to offer them. for example, since 2013, we have entered into two consent orders with the cfpb - the 2013 cfpb consent order with respect to carecredit, and the 2014 cfpb consent order with respect to our debt cancellation product and sales practices and an unrelated issue that arose from the bank's self-identified omission of certain spanish-speaking customers and customers residing in puerto rico from two offers that were made to certain delinquent customers. both consent orders required remediation to certain consumers and changes to certain business practices. see "item 1. business-regulation-consumer financial services regulation," and "-changes to our methods of offering our carecredit products could materially impact operating results."
although we have committed significant resources to enhancing our compliance programs, changes by the cfpb in regulatory expectations, interpretations or practices or interpretations that are different or stricter than ours or those adopted in the past by other regulators could increase the risk of additional enforcement actions, fines and penalties. in december 2015, the cfpb published its second biennial report reviewing the consumer credit card market. in the report, the cfpb identified areas of concern for consumers, including deferred interest products, subprime specialist credit card issuers, and unexpected rate increases with respect to variable interest rate products. in addition, the report analyzed issues regarding debt sales and debt collection practices, the adequacy and availability of online disclosures, as well as of the disclosures associated with rewards products and grace periods. actions by the cfpb with respect to any of these areas could result in requirements to alter our products and services that may make them less attractive to consumers or less profitable to us. see "-changes to our methods of offering our carecredit products could materially impact operating results."
future actions by the cfpb (or other regulators) against us or our competitors that discourage the use of products we offer or suggest to consumers the desirability of other products or services could result in reputational harm and a loss of customers. if the cfpb changes regulations which were adopted in the past by other regulators and transferred to the cfpb by the dodd-frank act, or modifies, through supervision or enforcement, past related regulatory guidance or interprets existing regulations in a different or stricter manner than they have been interpreted in the past by us, the industry or other regulators, our compliance costs and litigation exposure could increase materially. if future regulatory or legislative restrictions or prohibitions are imposed that affect our ability to offer promotional financing, including deferred interest, for certain of our products or require us to make significant changes to our business practices, and we are unable to develop compliant alternatives with acceptable returns, these restrictions or prohibitions could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
the dodd-frank act authorizes state officials to enforce regulations issued by the cfpb and to enforce the act's general prohibition against unfair, deceptive or abusive practices. this could make it more difficult than in the past for federal financial regulators to declare state laws that differ from federal standards to be preempted. to the extent that states enact requirements that differ from federal standards or state officials and courts adopt interpretations of federal consumer laws that differ from those adopted by the cfpb, we may be required to alter or cease offering products or services in some jurisdictions, which would increase compliance costs and reduce our ability to offer the same products and services to consumers nationwide, and we may be subject to a higher risk of state enforcement actions.
changes to our methods of offering our carecredit products could materially impact operating results.
the 2013 cfpb consent order relating to our carecredit platform required us to pay up to $34.1 million to qualifying customers, and among other things, to provide additional training and monitoring of our carecredit enrolled network providers, to include provisions in agreements with our carecredit enrolled network providers prohibiting charges for certain services not yet rendered, to make changes to certain consumer disclosures, application procedures and procedures for resolution of customer complaints, and to terminate carecredit enrolled network providers that have chargeback rates in excess of certain thresholds. some of the changes required by the 2013 cfpb consent order are similar to requirements in the assurance. we believe the bank to be in compliance with the material business practice changes required by the 2013 cfpb consent order and the assurance, subject to ongoing reporting, chargeback monitoring, and biannual enrolled network provider retraining obligations. we will continue to actively monitor and access the impact of these changes on our carecredit program. in addition to the costs of remediation, which were not material for the assurance and were $34.1 million for the 2013 cfpb consent order, we will incur an estimated ongoing annual cost of approximately $2 million. although at this time we do not believe that the 2013 cfpb consent order and the assurance will have a material adverse impact on our results of operations going forward, we may elect or be required to make changes with respect to these and other deferred interest products in the future, and those changes may adversely affect customers' use of our credit cards or our business. in addition, our resolutions with the cfpb and the new york attorney general do not preclude other regulators or state attorneys general from seeking additional monetary or injunctive relief with respect to carecredit, and any such relief could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
failure by synchrony and the bank to meet applicable capital adequacy and liquidity requirements could have a material adverse effect on us.
synchrony and the bank must meet rules for capital adequacy as discussed in "item 1. business-regulation." as a stand-alone savings and loan holding company, synchrony is subject to capital requirements similar to those that apply to the bank. we cannot predict the effects of these capital requirements on synchrony. in addition, synchrony and the bank may be subject to increasingly stringent capital adequacy standards in the future.
synchrony and the bank must also comply with regulatory requirements related to the maintenance, management, monitoring and reporting of liquidity as discussed in "item 1. business-regulation."  these liquidity requirements are new, and synchrony and the bank may become subject to additional liquidity requirements in the future.  we cannot predict the effects of such liquidity requirements on synchrony. the bank is required to conduct stress tests on an annual basis, and beginning on january 1, 2017, synchrony will be required to conduct stress tests on an annual basis. under the occ's and the federal reserve board's stress test regulations, the bank is, and synchrony will be, required to use stress-testing methodologies providing for results under at least three different sets of conditions, including baseline, adverse and severely adverse conditions. in addition, although as a savings and loan holding company we currently are not subject to the federal reserve board's comprehensive capital analysis and review ("ccar") rule, the federal reserve board may in the future require us to comply with the ccar process or some modified version of the ccar process. under such process, the federal reserve board would measure our minimum capital requirement levels under various stress scenarios. further, while as a savings and loan holding company we currently are not subject to the federal reserve board's capital planning rule, we plan to prepare and submit a form of capital plan to the federal reserve board, and we may in the future be required to seek the federal reserve board's review and approval of our capital plan consistent with the capital planning rule. to the extent we are made subject to the ccar process or the capital planning rule, our ability to return capital to shareholders or to reinvest capital in our business may be curtailed.
if synchrony or the bank fails to meet current or future minimum capital, leverage or other financial requirements, its operations, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. among other things, failure by synchrony or the bank to maintain its status as "well capitalized" (or otherwise meet current or future minimum capital, leverage or other financial requirements) could compromise our competitive position and result in restrictions imposed by the federal reserve board or the occ, including, potentially, on the bank's ability to engage in certain activities. these could include restrictions on the bank's ability to enter into transactions with affiliates, accept brokered deposits, grow its assets, engage in material transactions, extend credit in certain highly leveraged transactions, amend or change its charter, bylaws or accounting methods, pay interest on its liabilities without regard to regulatory caps on the rates that may be paid on deposits and pay dividends or repurchase stock. in addition, failure to maintain the well capitalized status of the bank could result in our having to invest additional capital in the bank, which could in turn require us to raise additional capital. the market and demand for, and cost of, our asset-backed securities also could be adversely affected by failure to meet current or future capital requirements.
we are subject to restrictions that limit our ability to pay dividends and repurchase our common stock; the bank is subject to restrictions that limit its ability to pay dividends to us, which could limit our ability to pay dividends or make payments on our indebtedness.
we are limited in our ability to pay dividends and repurchase our common stock by our regulators who have broad authority to review our capital planning and risk management processes, and our current, projected and stressed capital levels, and to object to any capital action that they consider to be unsafe or unsound. in addition, the declaration and amount of any future dividends to holders of our common stock or stock repurchases will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on many factors, including the financial condition, earnings, capital and liquidity requirements of us and the bank, applicable regulatory requirements, corporate law and contractual restrictions (including restrictions contained in the bank term loan) and other factors that our board of directors deems relevant. if we are unable to pay dividends or repurchase our common stock, it could adversely affect the market price of our common stock and market perceptions of synchrony financial. see "item 1. business-regulation-savings and loan holding company regulation-dividends and stock repurchases."
we rely significantly on dividends and other distributions and payments from the bank for liquidity, including to pay our obligations under our indebtedness and other indebtedness as they become due, and federal law limits the amount of dividends and other distributions and payments that the bank may pay to us. for example, occ regulations limit the ability of savings associations to make distributions of capital, including payment of dividends, stock redemptions and repurchases, cash-out mergers and other transactions charged to the capital account. the bank must obtain the occ's approval prior to making a capital distribution in certain circumstances, including if the bank proposes to make a capital distribution when it does not meet certain capital requirements (or will not do so as a result of the proposed capital distribution) or certain net income requirements. in addition, the bank must file a prior written notice of a planned or declared dividend or other distribution with the federal reserve board. the federal reserve board or the occ may object to a capital distribution if, among other things, the bank is, or as a result of such dividend or distribution would be, undercapitalized or the federal reserve board or occ has safety and soundness concerns. additional restrictions on bank dividends may apply if the bank fails the qtl test. the application of these restrictions on the bank's ability to pay dividends involves broad discretion on the part of our regulators. limitations on the bank's payments of dividends and other distributions and payments that we receive from the bank could reduce our liquidity and limit our ability to pay dividends or our obligations under our indebtedness. see "item 1. business-regulation-savings association regulation-dividends and stock repurchases" and "-activities."
regulations relating to privacy, information security and data protection could increase our costs, affect or limit how we collect and use personal information and adversely affect our business opportunities.
we are subject to various privacy, information security and data protection laws, including requirements concerning security breach notification, and we could be negatively impacted by them. for example, in the united states, certain of our businesses are subject to the glba and implementing regulations and guidance. among other things, the glba: (i) imposes certain limitations on the ability of financial institutions to share consumers' nonpublic personal information with nonaffiliated third parties, (ii) requires that financial institutions provide certain disclosures to consumers about their information collection, sharing and security practices and affords customers the right to "opt out" of the institution's disclosure of their personal financial information to nonaffiliated third parties (with certain exceptions) and (iii) requires financial institutions to develop, implement and maintain a written comprehensive information security program containing safeguards that are appropriate to the financial institution's size and complexity, the nature and scope of the financial institution's activities, and the sensitivity of customer information processed by the financial institution as well as plans for responding to data security breaches.
moreover, various united states federal banking regulatory agencies, states and foreign jurisdictions have enacted data security breach notification requirements with varying levels of individual, consumer, regulatory and/or law enforcement notification in certain circumstances in the event of a security breach. many of these requirements also apply broadly to our partners that accept our cards. in many countries that have yet to impose data security breach notification requirements, regulators have increasingly used the threat of significant sanctions and penalties by data protection authorities to encourage voluntary notification and discourage data security breaches.
furthermore, legislators and/or regulators in the united states and other countries in which we operate are increasingly adopting or revising privacy, information security and data protection laws that potentially could have a significant impact on our current and planned privacy, data protection and information security-related practices, our collection, use, sharing, retention and safeguarding of consumer and/or employee information, and some of our current or planned business activities. this could also increase our costs of compliance and business operations and could reduce income from certain business initiatives. in the united states, this includes increased privacy-related enforcement activity at the federal level, by the federal trade commission, as well as at the state level, such as with regard to mobile applications.
compliance with current or future privacy, data protection and information security laws (including those regarding security breach notification) affecting customer and/or employee data to which we are subject could result in higher compliance and technology costs and could restrict our ability to provide certain products and services (such as products or services that involve us sharing information with third parties or storing sensitive credit card information), which could materially and adversely affect our profitability. our failure to comply with privacy, data protection and information security laws could result in potentially significant regulatory investigations and government actions, litigation, fines or sanctions, consumer or partner actions and damage to our reputation and our brand, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
our use of third-party vendors and our other ongoing third-party business relationships are subject to increasing regulatory requirements and attention.
we regularly use third-party vendors and subcontractors as part of our business. we also have substantial ongoing business relationships with our partners and other third parties. these types of third-party relationships are subject to increasingly demanding regulatory requirements and attention by our federal bank regulators (the federal reserve board, the occ and the fdic) and our consumer regulator (the cfpb). regulatory guidance requires us to enhance our due diligence, ongoing monitoring and control over our third-party vendors and subcontractors and other ongoing third-party business relationships, including with our partners. in certain cases, we may be required to renegotiate our agreements with these vendors and/or their subcontractors to meet these enhanced requirements, which could increase our costs. we expect that our regulators will hold us responsible for deficiencies in our oversight and control of our third-party relationships and in the performance of the parties with which we have these relationships. as a result, if our regulators conclude that we have not exercised adequate oversight and control over our third-party vendors and subcontractors or other ongoing third-party business relationships or that such third parties have not performed appropriately, we could be subject to enforcement actions, including the imposition of civil money penalties or other administrative or judicial penalties or fines as well as requirements for customer remediation.
failure to comply with anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism financing laws could have significant adverse consequences for us.
we maintain an enterprise-wide program designed to enable us to comply with all applicable anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism financing laws and regulations, including the bank secrecy act and the usa patriot act. this program includes policies, procedures, processes and other internal controls designed to identify, monitor, manage and mitigate the risk of money laundering or terrorist financing posed by our products, services, customers and geographic locale. these controls include procedures and processes to detect and report suspicious transactions, perform customer due diligence, respond to requests from law enforcement, and meet all recordkeeping and reporting requirements related to particular transactions involving currency or monetary instruments. we cannot be sure our programs and controls will be effective to ensure our compliance with all applicable anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism financing laws and regulations, and our failure to comply could subject us to significant sanctions, fines, penalties and reputational harm, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated and combined financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this report. the discussion below contains forward-looking statements that are based upon current expectations and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. actual results may differ materially from these expectations. see "cautionary note regarding forward-looking statements."
introduction and business overview
we are one of the premier consumer financial services companies in the united states. we provide a range of credit products through programs we have established with a diverse group of national and regional retailers, local merchants, manufacturers, buying groups, industry associations and healthcare service providers, which we refer to as our "partners". during 2015, we financed $113.6 billion of purchase volume, and at december 31, 2015, we had $68.3 billion of loan receivables and 68.3 million active accounts. for the year ended december 31, 2015, we had net earnings of $2.2 billion, representing a return on assets of 2.9%.
we offer our credit products primarily through our wholly-owned subsidiary, synchrony bank (the "bank"). through the bank, we offer a range of deposit products insured by the federal deposit insurance corporation ("fdic"). we are continuing to expand our direct banking operations to increase our deposit base as a source of stable and diversified low cost funding for our credit activities. we had $43.4 billion in deposits at december 31, 2015.
our separation from ge on october 14, 2015, we received approval from the board of governors of the federal reserve system (the "federal reserve board") to become a stand-alone savings and loan holding company, to retain control of the bank and to retain control of our nonbank subsidiaries following the completion of ge's offer to exchange shares of ge common stock for all of our shares of our common stock owned by ge (the "exchange offer"). on november 17, 2015, we announced the completion of the exchange offer and our separation from ge (the "separation"). following the separation, ge no longer owns any of our outstanding common stock.
our sales platforms
we conduct our operations through a single business segment. profitability and expenses, including funding costs, loan losses and operating expenses, are managed for the business as a whole. substantially all of our operations are within the united states. we offer our products through three sales platforms (retail card, payment solutions and carecredit). those platforms are organized by the types of products we offer and the partners we work with, and are measured on platform revenue, loan receivables, new accounts and other sales metrics. see "item 1. business-our sales platforms."
(1)   for a definition of platform revenue, which is a non-gaap measure, and its reconciliation to interest and fees on loans, see "results of operations-platform analysis-non-gaap measure".
retail card retail card is a leading provider of private label credit cards, and also provides dual cards and small and medium-sized business credit products. our patented dual cards are credit cards that function as private label credit cards when used to purchase goods and services from our partners and as general purpose credit cards when used elsewhere. we offer one or more of these products primarily through 22 national and regional retailers with which we have ongoing program agreements. the average length of our relationship with these retail card partners is 17 years. retail card's platform revenue consists of interest and fees on our loan receivables, plus other income, less retailer share arrangements. other income primarily consists of interchange fees earned on dual card transactions (when the card is used outside of our partners' sales channels) and fees paid to us by customers who purchase our debt cancellation products, less loyalty program payments. substantially all of the credit extended in this platform is on standard terms.
payment solutions payment solutions is a leading provider of promotional financing for major consumer purchases, offering primarily private label credit cards and installment loans. at december 31, 2015, payment solutions offered these products through participating partners consisting of national and regional retailers, local merchants, manufacturers, buying groups and industry associations. substantially all of the credit extended in this platform is promotional financing. payment solutions' platform revenue primarily consists of interest and fees on our loan receivables, including "merchant discounts," which are fees paid to us by our partners in almost all cases to compensate us for all or part of foregone interest income associated with promotional financing.
carecredit carecredit is a leading provider of promotional financing to consumers for elective healthcare procedures or services, such as dental, veterinary, cosmetic, vision and audiology. at december 31, 2015, we had a network of carecredit providers that collectively have approximately 195,000 locations, the vast majority of which are individual or small groups of independent healthcare providers, through which we offer a carecredit branded private label credit card. substantially all of the credit extended in this platform is promotional financing. carecredit's platform revenue primarily consists of interest and fees on our loan receivables, including merchant discounts.
our credit products
through our platforms, we offer three principal types of credit products: credit cards, commercial credit products and consumer installment loans. see "item 1. business - our credit products."
credit cards we offer two principal types of credit cards: private label credit cards and dual cards:
   private label credit cards. private label credit cards are partner-branded credit cards (e.g., lowe's or amazon) or program-branded credit cards (e.g., carcareone or carecredit) that are used primarily for the purchase of goods and services from the partner or within the program network. in retail card, credit under our private label credit cards typically is extended on standard terms only, and in payment solutions and carecredit, credit under our private label credit cards typically is extended pursuant to a promotional financing offer.
   dual cards. our patented dual cards are credit cards that function as private label credit cards when used to purchase goods and services from our partners and as general purpose credit cards when used elsewhere. credit extended under our dual cards typically is extended under standard terms only. currently, only retail card offers dual cards. at december 31, 2015, we offered dual cards through 16 of our 22 active retail card programs.
commercial credit products we offer private label cards and co-branded cards for commercial customers that are similar to our consumer offerings. we also offer a commercial pay-in-full accounts receivable product to a wide range of business customers. we offer our commercial credit products primarily through our retail card platform to the commercial customers of our retail card partners.
installment loans in payment solutions, we originate installment loans to consumers (and a limited number of commercial customers) in the united states, primarily in the power product market (motorcycles, atvs and lawn and garden). installment loans are closed-end credit accounts where the customer pays down the outstanding balance in installments. installment loans are assessed periodic finance charges using fixed interest rates.
business trends and conditions
we believe our business and results of operations will be impacted in the future by various trends and conditions, including the following:
   growth in loan receivables and interest income. we believe continuing improvement in the u.s. economy and employment rates will contribute to an increase in consumer credit spending. in addition, we expect the use of credit cards to continue to increase versus other forms of payment such as cash and checks. we anticipate that these trends, combined with our marketing and partner engagement strategies, will contribute to growth in our loan receivables. in the near-to-medium term, we expect our total interest income to continue to grow, driven by the expected growth in average loan receivables. our historical growth rates in loan receivables and interest income have benefited from new partner acquisitions, and therefore, if we do not continue to acquire new partners, replace the programs that are not extended or otherwise grow our business, our growth rates in loan receivables and interest income in the future will be lower than in recent periods. in addition, we do not expect to make any significant changes to customer pricing or merchant discount pricing in the near term, and therefore we expect yields generated from interest and fees on interest-earning assets will remain relatively stable.
   extended duration of our retail card program agreements. we have extended many of our largest retail card program agreements, and as a result, we expect to continue to benefit from these programs on a long-term basis as indicated by the expiration schedule, which indicates for each period the number of programs scheduled to expire and the proportion of platform revenue that these programs comprised for the year ended december 31, 2015. see "business - retail card" for additional information on the expiration of these programs.
a total of 17 of our 22 retail card program agreements now have an expiration date in 2019 or beyond. these 17 program agreements represented in the aggregate 89.7% of our retail card platform revenue for the year ended december 31, 2015 and 91.6% of our retail card loan receivables at december 31, 2015.
   increases in retailer share arrangement payments and other expense under extended program agreements. we believe that as a result of both the overall growth of our programs, as well as amendments we have made to the terms of certain program agreements that we extended during 2015, the payments we make to our partners under these extended retailer share arrangements, in the aggregate, are likely to increase both in absolute terms and as a percentage of our net earnings. overall, we expect our payments to our partners under our retailer share arrangements to grow generally in line with the growth of our retail card loan receivables.
in addition, under the terms of certain program agreements we have extended in recent years, we have agreed to dedicate increased marketing expense and other investments to promote these programs. we expect to benefit from these increased payments and other expenses, as they will create additional incentives for our partners to support their programs and, in the case of increased marketing expense and other investments, directly promote these programs, all of which we expect will have a positive impact on purchase volume and result in higher loan receivables and increased interest and fees on loans. we also expect to benefit from the extended duration of our amended program agreements.
   stable asset quality. our credit performance continued to improve through 2015. our net charge-off rates decreased to 4.33% for the year ended december 31, 2015 from 4.51% for the year ended december 31, 2014, and our over-30 day delinquency rate decreased to 4.06% at december 31, 2015 from 4.14% at december 31, 2014, which are lower year-end levels than we experienced immediately prior to the financial crisis in 2007. in the near term, we expect the u.s. employment rate to continue to stabilize, and we do not anticipate making significant changes to our underwriting standards. accordingly, we expect our charge-off rates to remain relatively stable in the near term. provision for loan losses increased slightly by $35 million, or 1.2%, for the year ended december 31, 2015, as the growth in loan receivables was partially offset by the benefit from improving asset quality trends. as the credit environment stabilizes, we do not believe this benefit will repeat in the near term and expect that our provision for loan losses will increase at a higher rate than we experienced in 2015, primarily driven by our receivables growth.
   growth in interchange revenues and loyalty program costs. we believe that as a result of the overall growth in dual card transactions occurring outside of our retail card partners' locations, interchange revenues will continue to increase. the expected growth in these transactions is driven, in part, by both existing and new loyalty programs with our retail card partners. in addition, we continue to offer and add new loyalty programs for our private label credit cards, for which we do not receive interchange fees. the growth in these existing and new loyalty programs will result in an increase in costs associated with these programs. overall, we expect both our interchange revenues and loyalty program costs to grow in excess of the growth of our retail card loan receivables, and expect the increase in loyalty program costs to be higher than that expected for interchange revenues due to the additional loyalty programs for our private label credit cards. these increases have been contemplated in our program agreements with our retail card partners and are a component of the calculation of our payments due under our retailer share arrangements.
   impact of regulatory developments. our business and the consumer financial services industry continues to be subject to regulation from various regulatory authorities, including the cfpb, which was established through the dodd frank act. for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, we incurred $9 million, $26 million and $133 million, respectively, in expenses related to litigation and regulatory matters. the expenses incurred in 2013, primarily related to an increase to our reserve for the matters settled with the cfpb and the doj in late 2013 and 2014. see "item 1. business-regulation-consumer financial services regulation."
   capital and liquidity levels. we expect to maintain sufficient capital and liquidity resources to support our daily operations, our business growth, and our credit ratings as well as regulatory and compliance requirements in a cost effective and prudent manner through expected and unexpected market environments. following the separation, we expect to continue to increase our capital and liquidity levels by, among other things, retaining net earnings and not paying a dividend or returning capital through stock repurchases until we have the non-objection of the federal reserve board to do so. our board of directors intends to establish dividends and share repurchases programs, in each case consistent with maintaining capital ratios well in excess of minimum regulatory requirements. at december 31, 2015, the company had an estimated fully phased-in basel iii common equity tier 1 ratio of 15.9%. we also expect that our liquidity portfolio will continue to be sufficient to support all of our business objectives.
seasonality
in our retail card and payment solutions platforms, we experience fluctuations in transaction volumes and the level of loan receivables as a result of higher seasonal consumer spending and payment patterns that typically result in an increase of loan receivables from august through a peak in late december, with reductions in loan receivables occurring over the first and second quarters of the following year as customers pay their balances down.
the seasonal impact to transaction volumes and the loan receivables balance typically results in fluctuations in our results of operations, delinquency metrics and the allowance for loan losses as a percentage of total loan receivables between quarterly periods. these fluctuations are generally most evident between the fourth quarter and the first quarter of the following year.
in addition to the seasonal variance in loan receivables discussed above, we also experience a seasonal increase in delinquency rates and delinquent loan receivables balances during the third and fourth quarters of each year due to lower customer payment rates. our delinquency rates and delinquent loan receivables balances typically decrease during the subsequent first and second quarters as customers begin to pay down their loan balances and return to current status. because customers who were delinquent during the fourth quarter of a calendar year have a higher probability of returning to current status when compared to customers who are delinquent at the end of each of our interim reporting periods, we expect that a higher proportion of delinquent accounts outstanding at an interim period end will result in charge-offs, as compared to delinquent accounts outstanding at a year end. consistent with this historical experience, we generally experience a higher allowance for loan losses as a percentage of total loan receivables at the end of an interim period, as compared to the end of a calendar year. in addition, despite improving credit metrics such as declining past due amounts, we may experience an increase in our allowance for loan losses at an interim period end compared to the prior year end, reflecting these same seasonal trends.
key earnings metrics growth metrics
asset quality metrics capital and liquidity
(a) represents tier 1 common equity calculated under basel i regulatory capital standards, see "item 7. -management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations-capital-non-gaap measures."
(b) calculated under basel iii regulatory capital standards, subject to transition provisions.
highlights for year ended december 31, 2015
below are highlights of our performance for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014, as applicable, except as otherwise noted.
   net earnings increased 5.0% to $2,214 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, driven by higher net interest income, partially offset by increases in retailer share arrangements, provision for loan losses and other expenses.
   loan receivables increased 11.4% to $68,290 million at december 31, 2015 compared to december 31, 2014, primarily driven by higher purchase volume and average active account growth, and included growth associated with the bp portfolio acquired in the second quarter of 2015.
   net interest income increased 6.8% to $12,093 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, primarily due to higher average loan receivables, partially offset by higher interest expense driven by increased liquidity, funding mix and growth.
   retailer share arrangements increased 6.3% to $2,738 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, primarily as a result of growth and improved performance of the programs in which we have retailer share arrangements, partially offset with increased other expense and loyalty costs associated with these programs.
   loan delinquencies as a percentage of period-end loan receivables decreased with the over-30 day delinquency rate decreasing to 4.06% at december 31, 2015 from 4.14% at december 31, 2014, primarily driven by improving asset quality trends and general improvement in the u.s. economy. net charge-off rates decreased 18 basis points to 4.33% for the year ended december 31, 2015, from 4.51% for the year ended december 31, 2014 reflecting these same trends.
   provision for loan losses increased by $35 million, or 1.2%, to $2,952 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, primarily due to portfolio growth, partially offset by improving asset quality trends. our allowance coverage ratio (allowance for loan losses as a percent of end of period loan receivables) decreased to 5.12% at december 31, 2015, as compared to 5.28% at december 31, 2014, reflecting the recent improvements in our asset quality trends.
   other expense increased by $337 million, or 11.5%, for the year ended december 31, 2015, driven by investments in growth and infrastructure build in preparation for separation from ge and also included expenses for the completion of the emv card rollout for active dual card accounts.
   we continue to invest in our direct banking activities to grow our deposit base. total deposits increased 24.3% to $43.4 billion at december 31, 2015, compared to december 31, 2014, driven primarily by growth in our direct deposits of 50.8% to $29.7 billion, partially offset by a reduction in our brokered deposits.
   we extended our retail card program agreements with amazon, chevron, dick's sporting goods and paypal, launched our new program with bp, and announced our new partnerships with citgo and stash hotel rewards.
   we entered into new program agreements in our payment solutions sales platform with guitar center, mattress firm, the container store and newegg and extended our program agreements with discount tire, sleepy's, p.c. richard &amp; son, conn's, polaris industries, mohawk flooring, art van furniture and mega group usa, a national home furnishings buying group of independent retailers.
   in our carecredit sales platform, we added rite aid to our network of providers, added a new endorsement with vsp, the nation's largest vision insurance provider, and renewed our endorsement with the american society of plastic surgeons.
highlights for year ended december 31, 2014
below are highlights of our performance in 2014. these highlights generally are based on a comparison between our 2014 and 2013 results, except as otherwise noted.
   net earnings increased 6.6% to $2,109 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, driven by higher net interest income and a reduction in our provision for loan losses, partially offset by increases in retailer share arrangements and other expenses.
   net interest income increased 7.1% to $11,320 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, primarily due to higher average loan receivables.
   retailer share arrangements increased 8.5% to $2,575 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, primarily as a result of improved performance, and the growth of the programs in which we had retailer share arrangements, as well as from changes to the terms of the retailer share arrangements for those partners with whom we extended program agreements in late 2013 and in 2014.
   loan delinquencies as a percentage of period-end loan receivables decreased with the over-30 day delinquency rate decreasing to 4.14% at december 31, 2014 from 4.35% at december 31, 2013, driven by continued improvement in the u.s. economy and employment rates. net charge-off rates decreased to 4.51% for the year ended december 31, 2014, from 4.68% for the year ended december 31, 2013.
   provision for loan losses decreased by $155 million, or 5.0%, to $2,917 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. this decrease was driven primarily as a result of an incremental provision of $642 million recorded during 2013 relating to the enhancements to our allowance for loan loss methodology, which was not repeated in 2014. this decrease was partially offset by increased provisions in 2014 primarily driven by portfolio growth. our allowance coverage ratio (allowance for loan losses as a percent of end of period loan receivables) increased to 5.28% at december 31, 2014, as compared to 5.05% at december 31, 2013, reflecting a transition to a stable credit outlook at december 31, 2014 from an improving outlook at december 31, 2013.
   other expense increased to $2,927 million from $2,484 million for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, driven by business growth, increased marketing investments and incremental costs associated with building our stand-alone infrastructure.
   we completed our ipo, resulting in the issuance of a total of 128.5 million shares of our common stock, and entered into our new debt financings, which increased our indebtedness with third parties and reduced our funding from gecc. the net proceeds from these transactions increased our liquidity portfolio by $7.3 billion. our liquidity portfolio, including undrawn credit facilities, was $19.0 billion at december 31, 2014.
   we invested in our direct banking activities to grow our deposit base. total deposits increased 35.9% to $35.0 billion at december 31, 2014, compared to december 31, 2013, driven primarily by growth in our direct deposits of 79.1% to $19.7 billion at december 31, 2014.
   during the year ended december 31, 2014, we extended five program agreements in retail card (american eagle, gap, lowe's, qvc and sam's club), and in february 2015, we extended our program agreement with amazon. these programs represented, in the aggregate $22.2 billion in loan receivables at december 31, 2014. program agreements with three retail card partners representing $0.5 billion in loan receivables, including loan receivables held for sale, at december 31, 2014, were not renewed.
   during the year ended december 31, 2014, we entered into an agreement with bp, for a retail card program which commenced in may 2015, and which became one of our 20 largest program agreements.
   in our payment solutions sales platform, we increased the number of participating partners in our network by over 2,000 partners, compared to the number of partners at december 31, 2013. in our carecredit network, we increased the number of provider locations by over 9,000 locations, compared to the number of locations at december 31, 2013.
summary earnings the following table sets forth our results of operations for the periods indicated.
provision for loan losses                                                                  2,952               2,917               3,072
net interest income, after retailer share arrangements and provision for loan losses       6,403               5,828               5,126
earnings before provision for income taxes                                                 3,531               3,386               3,142
provision for income taxes                                                                 1,317               1,277               1,163
other financial and statistical data the following table sets forth certain other financial and statistical data for the periods indicated.
at and for the years ended december 31 ($ in millions)                                   2015                  2014                2013
financial position data (average):
loan receivables, including held for sale                                         $62,120               $57,101             $52,407
total assets                                                                      $77,245               $66,152             $56,184
deposits                                                                          $38,300               $30,350             $22,911
total equity                                                                      $11,578                $7,888              $5,121
selected performance metrics:
carecredit                                                                         $7,757                $7,111              $6,759
net charge-offs as a % of average loan receivables, including held for sale          4.33   %              4.51   %            4.68   %
return on assets(5)                                                                   2.9   %               3.2   %             3.5   %
return on equity(6)                                                                  19.1   %              26.7   %            38.6   %
equity to assets(7)                                                                 14.99   %             11.92   %            9.11   %
other expense as a % of average loan receivables, including held for sale            5.25   %              5.13   %            4.74   %
efficiency ratio(8)                                                                  33.5   %              31.7   %            28.6   %
selected period end data:
allowance for loan losses                                                          $3,497                $3,236              $2,892
(1)   purchase volume, or net credit sales, represents the aggregate amount of charges incurred on credit cards or other credit product accounts less returns during the period. purchase volume includes activity related to our portfolios classified as held for sale.
(2)   active accounts represent credit card or installment loan accounts on which there has been a purchase, payment or outstanding balance in the current month.
(3)   net interest margin represents net interest income divided by average interest-earning assets.
(4)   allowance coverage ratio represents allowance for loan losses divided by total period-end loan receivables.
(5)   return on assets represents net earnings as a percentage of average total assets.
(6)   return on equity represents net earnings as a percentage of average total equity.
(7)   equity to assets represents average equity as a percentage of average total assets.
(8)   efficiency ratio represents (i) other expense, divided by (ii) net interest income, after retailer share arrangements, plus other income.
(9)   based on customer statement-end balances extrapolated to the respective period-end date.
average balance sheet the following tables set forth information for the periods indicated regarding average balance sheet data, which are used in the discussion of interest income, interest expense and net interest income that follow.
assets interest-earning assets:
securities available for sale                                3,142                              21                        0.67            %                 487                              10                        2.05            %                 217                               8                        3.69            %
credit cards, including held for sale(5)                    59,603                          12,932                       21.70            %              54,686                          11,967                       21.88            %              49,704                          11,015                       22.16            %
consumer installment loans                                   1,119                             104                        9.29            %               1,025                              99                        9.66            %               1,336                             129                        9.66            %
commercial credit products                                   1,359                             142                       10.45            %               1,373                             149                       10.85            %               1,355                             150                       11.07            %
total interest-earning assets                               76,668                          13,228                       17.25            %              65,818                          12,242                       18.60            %              56,275                          11,313                       20.10            %
non-interest-earning assets:
allowance for loan losses                                   (3,340       )                                                                               (3,039       )                                                                               (2,693       )
other assets                                                 3,013                                                                                        2,492                                                                                        2,050
total non-interest-earning assets                              577                                                                                          334                                                                                          (91       )
total assets                                               $77,245                                                                                      $66,152                                                                                      $56,184
liabilities interest-bearing liabilities:
interest-bearing deposit accounts                          $38,148                            $607                        1.59            %             $30,110                            $470                        1.56            %             $22,405                            $374                        1.67            %
borrowings of consolidated securitization entities          13,868                             215                        1.55            %              14,835                             215                        1.45            %              16,209                             211                        1.30            %
total interest-bearing liabilities                          62,500                           1,135                        1.82            %              54,718                             922                        1.69            %              47,614                             742                        1.56            %
non-interest-bearing liabilities:
non-interest-bearing deposit accounts                          152                                                                                          240                                                                                          506
other liabilities                                            3,015                                                                                        3,306                                                                                        2,943
total non-interest-bearing liabilities                       3,167                                                                                        3,546                                                                                        3,449
total liabilities                                           65,667                                                                                       58,264                                                                                       51,063
equity total equity                                                11,578                                                                                        7,888                                                                                        5,121
total liabilities and equity                               $77,245                                                                                      $66,152                                                                                      $56,184
(1)   average balances are based on monthly balances, including beginning of period balances, except where monthly balances are unavailable and quarterly balances are used. collection of daily averages involves undue burden and expense. we believe our average balance sheet data appropriately incorporates the seasonality in the level of our loan receivables and is representative of our operations.
(3)   includes average restricted cash balances of $566 million, $331 million and $58 million for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
(5)   interest income on credit cards includes fees on loans of $2,235 million, $2,129 million and $2,029 million for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
(6)   interest rate spread represents the difference between the yield on total interest-earning assets and the rate on total interest-bearing liabilities.
(7)   net interest margin represents net interest income divided by average total interest-earning assets.
the following table sets forth the amount of changes in interest income and interest expense due to changes in average volume and average yield/rate. variances due to changes in both average volume and average yield/rate have been allocated between the average volume and average yield/rate variances on a consistent basis based upon the respective percentage changes in average volume and average yield/rate.
increase (decrease) due to change in:                                             increase (decrease) due to change in:
($ in millions)                                                          average volume             average yield / rate              net change           average volume         average yield / rate                  net change interest-earning assets:
securities available for sale                                                 22                            (11        )                11                       7                (5                )                      2
credit cards, including held for sale                                      1,064                            (99        )               965                   1,092                (140              )                    952
consumer installment loans                                                     9                             (4        )                 5                     (30      )         -                                      (30     )
commercial credit products                                                    (2      )                      (5        )                (7     )                 2                (3                )                     (1     )
change in interest income from total interest-earning assets              $1,101                          $(115        )              $986                  $1,081                $(152             )                   $929
interest-bearing liabilities:
interest-bearing deposit accounts                                           $128                             $9                       $137                    $122                $(26              )                    $96
borrowings of consolidated securitization entities                           (14      )                      14                          -                     (19      )                      23                          4
change in interest expense from total interest-bearing liabilities           151                             62                        213                     154                             26                        180
total change in net interest income                                         $950                          $(177        )              $773                    $927                $(178             )                   $749
interest income interest income is comprised of interest and fees on loans, which includes merchant discounts provided by partners to compensate us in almost all cases for all or part of the promotional financing provided to their customers, and interest on cash and equivalents and investment securities. we include in interest and fees on loans any past due interest and fees deemed to be collectible. direct loan origination costs on credit card loans are deferred and amortized on a straight-line basis over a one-year period and recorded in interest and fees on loans. for non-credit card receivables, direct loan origination costs are deferred and amortized over the life of the loan and recorded in interest and fees on loans.
we analyze interest income as a function of two principal components: average interest-earning assets and yield on average interest-earning assets. key drivers of average interest-earning assets include:
   purchase volumes, which are influenced by a number of factors including macroeconomic conditions and consumer confidence generally, our partners' sales and our ability to increase our share of those sales;
   payment rates, reflecting the extent to which customers maintain a credit balance;
   the size of our liquidity portfolio; and
   portfolio acquisitions when we enter into new partner relationships.
key drivers of yield on average interest-earning assets include:
   changes to our mix of loans (e.g., the number of loans bearing promotional rates as compared to standard rates);
   credit performance and accrual status of our loans; and
   yield earned on our liquidity portfolio.
interest income increased by $986 million, or 8.1%, for the year ended december 31, 2015, and by $929 million, or 8.2%, for the year ended december 31, 2014. these increases were driven primarily by growth in our loan receivables.
average interest-earning assets
loan receivables, including held for sale     $62,120             $57,101             $52,407
liquidity portfolio and other                  14,548               8,717               3,868
total average interest-earning assets         $76,668             $65,818             $56,275
the increase in average loan receivables for the year ended december 31, 2015 was driven primarily by higher purchase volume of 10.1% as a result of average active account growth and higher purchase volume per account. average active accounts increased 4.4% to 62.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 from 60.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2014.
the increase in average loan receivables for the year ended december 31, 2014, was driven primarily by higher purchase volume of 9.9% resulting from an increase in average active credit card accounts to 60.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 from 56.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2013.
yield on average interest-earning assets
yield on average interest-earning assets for the prior year                       18.60    %        20.10    %        21.22    %
increase in liquidity portfolio invested in cash and short-term u.s. treasuries   (1.18   )%        (1.34   )%        (1.01   )%
decrease in yield on loan receivables, including held for sale                    (0.17   )%        (0.16   )%        (0.11   )%
yield on average interest-earning assets for the years ended december 31          17.25    %        18.60    %        20.10    %
the decrease in yield on interest-earning assets for the year ended december 31, 2015 was driven primarily by growth in our liquidity portfolio, which is comprised primarily of cash and equivalents and obligations of the u.s. treasury that mature in less than twelve months, which results in a significantly lower yield than our loan receivables. the yield on our average loan receivables decreased to 21.22% for the year ended december 31, 2015 from 21.39% for the year ended december 31, 2014, reflecting the impact of slightly higher payment rates from our customers and growth in promotional balances.
the decrease in yield on interest-earning assets for the year ended december 31, 2014 was driven primarily by an increase in our average interest-earning cash and equivalents which earn a lower yield than our loan receivables. the yield on our average loan receivables decreased slightly to 21.39% for the year ended december 31, 2014 from 21.55% for the year ended december 31, 2013, reflecting the impact of higher payment rates from our customers.
interest expense interest expense is incurred on our interest-bearing liabilities, which consisted of interest-bearing deposit accounts, borrowings of consolidated securitization entities, the bank term loan and senior unsecured notes.
   the amounts outstanding of our deposits and borrowings;
   the interest rate environment and its effect on interest rates paid on our funding sources; and
   the changing mix in our funding sources as we continue to increase the proportion of our funding provided by our deposits and third-party debt.
interest expense increased by $213 million, or 23.1%, for the year ended december 31, 2015, driven primarily by increases in average interest-bearing liabilities of $7,782 million, or 14.2%, and an increase of 13 basis points in our cost of funds arising from the changes in our funding mix. our cost of funds increased to 1.82% for the year ended december 31, 2015 from 1.69% for the year ended december 31, 2014.
interest expense increased by $180 million, or 24.3%, for the year ended december 31, 2014, driven primarily by increases in average interest-bearing liabilities of $7,104 million, or 14.9% and an increase of 13 basis points in cost of funds.
average interest-bearing liabilities years ended december 31 ($ in millions)                       2015   2014                2013
interest-bearing deposit accounts                      $38,148             $30,110             $22,405
borrowings of consolidated securitization entities      13,868              14,835              16,209
total average interest-bearing liabilities             $62,500             $54,718             $47,614
the increases in average interest-bearing liabilities for the year ended december 31, 2015 was driven primarily by growth in our direct deposits and the issuance of third-party debt to replace our related party funding from gecc.
the increase in average interest-bearing liabilities for the year ended december 31, 2014 were driven primarily by increases of $7,705 million in our average interest-bearing deposit accounts, as well as from the new third-party debt incurred in connection with the ipo, partially offset by a reduction in average borrowings under our securitization programs and our related party debt.
net interest income net interest income represents the difference between interest income and interest expense. we expect net interest income as a percentage of interest-earning assets to be influenced by changes in the interest rate environment, changes in our mix of products, the level of loans bearing promotional rates as compared to our standard rates, credit performance of our loans and changes in the amount and composition of our interest-bearing liabilities.
net interest income increased by $773 million, or 6.8%, for the year ended december 31, 2015, driven by higher average loan receivables, partially offset by increased interest expense driven by higher liquidity, funding mix and growth.
net interest income increased by $749 million, or 7.1%, for the year ended december 31, 2014, driven by growth in loan receivables, partially offset by higher interest expense and a decrease in our yield on interest-earning assets due to a higher average interest-earning cash and equivalents balance.
retailer share arrangements most of our retail card program agreements and certain other program agreements contain retailer share arrangements that provide for payments to our partners if the economic performance of the program exceeds a contractually defined threshold. these arrangements are designed to align our interests and provide an additional incentive to our partners to promote our credit products. although the share arrangements vary by partner, these arrangements are generally structured to measure the economic performance of the program, based typically on agreed upon program revenues (including interest income and certain other income) less agreed upon program expenses (including interest expense, provision for loan losses, retailer payments and operating expenses), and share portions of this amount above a negotiated threshold. the threshold and economic performance of a program that are used to calculate payments to our partners may be based on, among other things, agreed upon measures of program expenses rather than our actual expenses, and therefore increases in our actual expenses (such as funding costs or operating expenses) may not necessarily result in reduced payments under our retailer share arrangements. these arrangements are typically designed to permit us to achieve an economic return before we are required to make payments to our partners based on the agreed contractually defined threshold. our payments to partners pursuant to these retailer share arrangements have increased in recent years (both in absolute terms and as a proportion of interest income), partially as a result of the growth of our receivables related to programs with retailer share arrangements and improvements in the credit performance of these receivables. in addition, we have made changes to the terms of certain program agreements that have been renegotiated in the past few years that have contributed to the increase in payments to partners pursuant to retailer share arrangements.
we believe that our retailer share arrangements have been effective in helping us to grow our business by aligning our partners' interests with ours. we also believe that changes to the terms of certain program agreements that have contributed to the increase in our retailer share arrangement payments will help us to grow our business by providing an additional incentive to the relevant partners to promote our credit products going forward. payments to partners pursuant to these retailer share arrangements would generally decrease, and mitigate the impact on our profitability, in the event of declines in the performance of the programs or the occurrence of other unfavorable developments that impact the calculation of payments to our partners pursuant to our retailer share arrangements.
retailer share arrangements increased by $163 million, or 6.3%, for the year ended december 31, 2015, driven primarily by the growth and improved performance of the programs in which we have retailer share arrangements, partially offset with increased other expense and loyalty costs associated with these programs.
retailer share arrangements increased by $202 million, or 8.5%, for the year ended december 31, 2014, driven by the growth and improved performance of the programs in which we have retailer share arrangements, including the effect of a lower provision for loan losses. the increase was also driven by changes to the terms of the retailer share arrangements for those partners with whom we extended program agreements in the second half of 2013 and in 2014.
provision for loan losses provision for loan losses is the expense related to maintaining the allowance for loan losses at an appropriate level to absorb the estimated probable losses inherent in the loan portfolio at each period end date. provision for loan losses in each period is a function of net charge-offs (gross charge-offs net of recoveries) and the required level of the allowance for loan losses. our process to determine our allowance for loan losses is based upon our estimate of the incurred loss period for each type of loss (i.e., aged, fraud, deceased, settlement, other non-aged and bankruptcy) by partner. see "critical accounting estimates - allowance for loan losses" and note 2. significant accounting policies to our consolidated and combined financial statements for additional information on our allowance for loan loss methodology.
provision for loan losses increased by $35 million, or 1.2%, for the year ended december 31, 2015 primarily due to portfolio growth, partially offset by improving asset quality trends. our allowance coverage ratio decreased to 5.12% at december 31, 2015, as compared to 5.28% at december 31, 2014, reflecting the recent improvements in our asset quality trends.
provision for loan losses decreased by $155 million, or 5.0%, for the year ended december 31, 2014.  this decrease was driven primarily as a result of an incremental provision of $642 million recorded in 2013 relating to enhancements to our allowance for loan loss methodology, which was not repeated in the current period.  this decrease was partially offset by increased provisions in 2014 primarily related to portfolio growth.  our allowance coverage ratio increased to 5.28% at december 31, 2014, as compared to 5.05% at december 31, 2013, reflecting a transition to a stable credit outlook at december 31, 2014 from an improving outlook at december 31, 2013.
interchange revenue                          $505              $389              $324
interchange revenue we earn interchange fees on dual card transactions outside of our partners' sales channels, based on a flat fee plus a percent of the purchase amount. we also process general purpose card transactions for some payment solutions and carecredit partners as their acquiring bank, for which we obtain an interchange fee. growth in interchange revenue has been, and is expected to continue to be, driven primarily by growth in our dual card product.
interchange revenue increased by $116 million, or 29.8%, for the year ended december 31, 2015, and by $65 million, or 20.1%, for the year ended december 31, 2014, due to increased purchase volume outside of our retail partners' sales channels.
debt cancellation fees debt cancellation fees relate to payment protection products purchased by our credit card customers. customers who choose to purchase these products are charged a monthly fee based on their account balance. in return, we will cancel all or a portion of a customer's credit card balance in the event of certain qualifying life events. we offer our debt cancellation product to our credit card customers online and, on a limited basis, by direct mail. we no longer offer this product via phone calls to our customer service department, which has led to a decrease in new enrollments for this product and is expected to result in a lower level of income generated by this product in the future as the balances of existing accounts enrolled in this program decrease over time.
debt cancellation fees decreased by $26 million, or 9.5%, for the year ended december 31, 2015, and by $49 million, or 15.1%, for the year ended december 31, 2014, driven by fewer customers being enrolled in the product.
loyalty programs we operate a number of loyalty programs in our retail card platform that are designed to generate incremental purchase volume per customer, while reinforcing the value of the card and strengthening cardholder loyalty. these programs typically provide cardholders with rewards in the form of merchandise discounts that are earned by achieving a pre-set spending level on their private label credit card or dual card. other programs provide cash back or rewards points, which are redeemable for a variety of products or awards. growth in loyalty program payments has been, and is expected to continue to be, driven by growth in purchase volume related to existing loyalty programs and the rollout of new loyalty programs.
loyalty programs cost increased by $138 million, or 49.1%, for the year ended december 31, 2015, and by $68 million, or 31.9%, for the year ended december 31, 2014, arising from the launch of new rewards programs with our partners and growth in purchase volume associated with existing loyalty programs.
other other includes a variety of items including ancillary fees and investment gains/losses.
other decreased by $45 million, or 44.1%, for the year ended december 31, 2015, and increased by $37 million, or 56.9%, for the year ended december 31, 2014. these changes were primarily due to a gain recorded in connection with portfolio sales in 2014.
employee costs                               $1,042                $866                $698
marketing and business development              433                 460                 269
information processing                          297                 212                 193
employee costs employee costs primarily consist of employee compensation and benefit costs.
employee costs increased by $176 million, or 20.3%, for the year ended december 31, 2015, and by $168 million, or 24.1%, for the year ended december 31, 2014, primarily related to additional compensation expenses for new employees related to the building of our stand-alone infrastructure and to support business growth and salary increases for existing employees.
professional fees professional fees consist primarily of outsourced provider fees (e.g., collection agencies and call centers), legal, accounting, consulting, and recruiting expenses.
professional fees increased by $82 million, or 14.6%, for the year ended december 31, 2015. these expense increases were due to business growth, the separation and higher third-party costs related to the emv card rollout for active dual card accounts.
professional fees increased by $121 million, or 24.9%, for the year ended december 31, 2014. these expense increases were due to higher professional and other consulting fees related to the ipo, the separation, growth of the retail deposit platform and other business growth (e.g., increased active accounts and increased purchase volumes).
marketing and business development marketing and business development costs consist primarily of our contractual and discretionary marketing and business development spend, as well as amortization expense associated with retail partner contract acquisitions and extensions.
marketing and business development costs decreased by $27 million, or 5.9%, for the year ended december 31, 2015, primarily due to lower portfolio marketing investments and lower brand advertising.
marketing and business development costs increased by $191 million, or 71.0%, for the year ended december 31, 2014, due to increased marketing expenses for our programs, investments in our brand, including the launch of our new advertising campaign, and increased amortization expense associated with program acquisitions and extensions.
information processing information processing costs primarily consist of fees related to outsourced information processing providers, credit card associations and software licensing agreements.
information processing costs increased by $85 million, or 40.1%, for the year ended december 31, 2015, due to higher information technology investment and higher transaction volume.
information processing costs increased by $19 million, or 9.8%, for the year ended december 31, 2014, due to higher transaction volume and increased software licensing and maintenance expense.
other other primarily consists of postage, fraud expense, litigation and regulatory matters expense and various other corporate overhead items such as facilities leases and maintenance, leased equipment and telephone charges. for periods prior to the ipo, we incurred certain corporate overhead costs that were allocated to us by ge. postage is driven primarily by the number of our active accounts and the percentage of customers that utilize our electronic billing option. fraud is driven primarily by the number of our active dual card accounts.
the "other" component increased for the year ended december 31, 2015 primarily due to investments in growth, infrastructure build in preparation for separation from ge, higher fraud expense, and also included expenses related to the completion of the emv card rollout for active dual card accounts. these increases were largely offset by the impact of corporate overhead allocations no longer being billed to us by ge following our ipo.
the "other" component decreased for the year ended december 31, 2014 primarily due to lower corporate overhead allocations and assessments from gecc and a decrease in litigation and regulatory expense. these decreases were partially offset by an increase in expense driven by business growth. following the ipo, we no longer receive corporate overhead allocations and assessments from gecc. all services provided by gecc to us following the ipo were directly billed to us in accordance with the terms of the relevant agreement, and are included in the appropriate cost categories. see note 15. related party transactions to our consolidated and combined financial statements for additional information on our transactions with ge and gecc.
provision for income taxes years ended december 31 ($ in millions)            2015                2014                2013
provision for income taxes                   $1,317              $1,277              $1,163
for periods up to and including the date of separation, we are included in the consolidated u.s. federal and state income tax returns of ge, where applicable, but also file certain separate state and foreign income tax returns. for periods after the date of separation we will file separate consolidated u.s. federal and state income tax returns. our current obligations for taxes are settled with ge, or the relevant tax authority, as applicable, on an estimated basis and adjusted in later periods as appropriate and are reflected in our consolidated and combined financial statements in the periods in which those settlements occur. we recognize the current and deferred tax consequences of all transactions that have been recognized in the consolidated and combined financial statements using the provisions of the enacted tax laws. see "critical accounting estimates-income taxes" for a discussion of the significant judgments and estimates related to income taxes.
the effective tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2015 decreased slightly compared to the prior year. the decrease was primarily due to a reduction in certain non-deductible expenses and tax reserves for uncertain income tax positions, partially offset by increases in current state tax rates, and a non-recurring tax expense incurred in the prior year related to an internal corporate reorganization. in each period, the effective tax rate differs from the u.s. federal statutory tax rate of 35.0%, primarily due to state income taxes.
platform analysis as discussed above under "-our sales platforms," we offer our products through three sales platforms (retail card, payment solutions and carecredit), which management measures based on their revenue-generating activities. the following is a discussion of the platform revenue for each of our platforms.
non-gaap measure in order to assess and internally report the revenue performance of our three sales platforms, we use a measure we refer to as "platform revenue." platform revenue is the sum of three line items in our consolidated and combined statements of earnings prepared in accordance with gaap: "interest and fees on loans," plus "other income," less "retailer share arrangements." platform revenue itself is not a measure presented in accordance with gaap. we deduct retailer share arrangements but do not deduct other line item expenses, such as interest expense, provision for loan losses and other expense, because those items are managed for the business as a whole. we believe that platform revenue is a useful measure to investors because it represents management's view of the net revenue contribution of each of our platforms. this measure should not be considered a substitute for interest and fees on loans or other measures of performance we have reported in accordance with gaap. the reconciliation of platform revenue to interest and fees on loans for each platform is set forth in the table included in the discussion of each of our three platforms below. the following table sets forth the reconciliation of total platform revenue to total interest and fees on loans for the periods indicated.
platform revenue                            $10,833             $10,126              $9,422
retail card the following table sets forth supplemental information related to our retail card platform for the periods indicated.
average loan receivables, including held for sale     $42,687             $39,278             $35,716
platform revenue:
platform revenue                                       $7,425              $6,917              $6,405
retail card platform revenue increased by $508 million, or 7.3%, for the year ended december 31, 2015 and by $512 million, or 8.0%, for the year ended december 31, 2014. these increases were primarily the result of an increase in interest and fees on loans driven by an increase in average loan receivables, partially offset by increases in retailer share arrangement payments. the increases in these payments were as a result of the factors discussed under the heading "retailer share arrangements" above.
payment solutions the following table sets forth supplemental information related to our payment solutions platform for the periods indicated.
platform revenue:
platform revenue                             $1,691              $1,573              $1,506
payment solutions platform revenue increased by $118 million, or 7.5%, for the year ended december 31, 2015. the increase was primarily the result of higher interest and fees on loans driven primarily by an increase in average loan receivables, partially offset with a reduction in receivable yield.
payment solutions platform revenue increased by $67 million, or 4.4%, for the year ended december 31, 2014. the increase was primarily the result of higher interest and fees on loans due to an increase in average loan receivables.
carecredit the following table sets forth supplemental information related to our carecredit platform for the periods indicated.
platform revenue:
platform revenue                             $1,717              $1,636              $1,511
carecredit platform revenue increased by $81 million, or 5.0%, for the year ended december 31, 2015. the increase was primarily the result of an increase in interest and fees on loans driven primarily by an increase in average loan receivables.
carecredit platform revenue increased by $125 million, or 8.3%, for the year ended december 31, 2014. the increase was primarily the result of an increase in interest and fees on loans driven primarily by an increase in average loan receivables.
services provided by ge following the separation, ge no longer owns any of our outstanding common stock and is no longer a related party to us, and we no longer consider our transactions with ge as related party transactions.
following the ipo, ge provided a variety of services to us, which were governed by the transitional services agreement ("tsa") and various other agreements with ge and gecc that we entered into in connection with the ipo. the services provided included, among other things, employee benefits and benefit administration, information technology, telecommunication services and leases for vehicles, equipment and facilities. under the tsa, all of the costs billed to us by ge subsequent to the ipo were at ge's cost in accordance with historic billing methodologies. the majority of the services provided by ge have been replaced, and we expect the remaining services will be replaced by mid-2016.
for periods prior to the ipo, we were an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of ge and gecc, and in addition to the services discussed above, we also received a corporate overhead allocation and assessment from ge and gecc for corporate activities that either directly or indirectly benefited our business.
funding provided by gecc gecc no longer provides funding to our business. during the first quarter of 2015, we prepaid all of the remaining outstanding indebtedness provided under the gecc term loan. prior to the ipo, gecc was a key source of funding for our business.
see note 15. related party transactions to our consolidated and combined financial statements for additional information on our transactions with ge and gecc prior to the separation, and see funding, liquidity and capital resources - funding sources - related party debt for additional information on the funding provided by gecc to us and the related interest expense.
investment securities
the following discussion provides supplemental information regarding our investment securities portfolio. all of our investment securities are classified as available-for-sale at december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, and are primarily short-term obligations of the u.s. treasury or held to comply with the community reinvestment act. investment securities classified as available-for-sale are reported in our consolidated statements of financial position at fair value. our portfolio of investment securities consisted primarily of short-term obligations of the u.s. treasury, state and municipal bonds and residential mortgage-backed securities.
the following table sets forth the amortized cost and fair value of our investment securities at the dates indicated:
at december 31 ($ in millions)            amortizedcost           estimated fair value            amortizedcost           estimated fair value             amortized           estimated fair value cost debt:
u.s. government and federal agency        $2,768                       $2,761                     $1,252                       $1,252                       $-                          $-
equity                                        15                           15                         15                           15                       15                          15
unrealized gains and losses, net of the related tax effect, on available-for-sale securities that are not other-than-temporarily impaired are excluded from earnings and are reported as a separate component of comprehensive income (loss) until realized. at december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, our investment securities had gross unrealized gains of $2 million, $4 million and $1 million, respectively, and gross unrealized losses of $17 million, $4 million and $16 million, respectively.
our investment securities portfolio had the following maturity distribution at december 31, 2015. equity securities have been excluded from the table because they do not have a maturity.
u.s. government and federal agency   $1,218                                      $1,543              $-                                              $-                  $2,761
(1)   amounts stated represent estimated fair value.
(2)   weighted average yield is calculated based on the amortized cost of each security. in calculating yield, no adjustment has been made with respect to any tax exempt obligations.
at december 31, 2015, we did not hold investments in any single issuer with an aggregate book value that exceeded 10% of equity, excluding obligations of the u.s. government.
the following discussion provides supplemental information regarding our loan receivables portfolio.
loan receivables are our largest category of assets and represent our primary source of revenues. the following table sets forth the composition of our loan receivables portfolio by product type at the dates indicated.
loans credit cards                       $65,773          96.3   %         $58,880          96.1   %         $54,958          96.0   %         $49,572          94.8   %         $44,287          92.7   %
consumer installment loans           1,154           1.7               1,063           1.7                 965           1.7               1,424           2.7               2,078           4.4
commercial credit products           1,323           1.9               1,320           2.2               1,317           2.3               1,307           2.5               1,350           2.8
our loan receivables portfolio had the following maturity distribution at december 31, 2015.
($ in millions)                                             within 1year(1)             1-5 years(2)             after5 years              total loans credit cards                                                $65,290                      $483                       $-               $65,773
consumer installment loans                                       16                       588                      550                 1,154
commercial credit products                                    1,319                         4                        -                 1,323
(1)   credit card loans have minimum payment requirements but no stated maturity and therefore are included in the due within one year category. however, many of our credit card holders will revolve their balances, which may extend their repayment period beyond one year for balances at december 31, 2015.
(2)   credit card and commercial loans due after one year relate to troubled debt restructuring ("tdr") assets our loan receivables portfolio had the following geographic concentration at december 31, 2015.
california                         $6,595                                   9.7                    %
(1)   based on december 2015 customer statement-end balances extrapolated to december 31, 2015. individual customer balances at december 31, 2015 are not available without undue burden and expense.
impaired loans and troubled debt restructurings our loss mitigation strategy is intended to minimize economic loss and at times can result in rate reductions, principal forgiveness, extensions or other actions, which may cause the related loan to be classified as a troubled debt restructuring ("tdr") and also be impaired. we use short-term (3 to 12 months) or long-term (12 to 60 months) modification programs for borrowers experiencing financial difficulty as a loss mitigation strategy to improve long-term collectability of the loans that are classified as tdrs. for our credit card customers, the short-term program primarily consists of a reduced minimum payment and an interest rate reduction, both lasting for a period no longer than 12 months. the long-term program involves changing the structure of the loan to a fixed payment loan with a maturity no longer than 60 months and reducing the interest rate on the loan. the long-term program does not normally provide for the forgiveness of unpaid principal, but may allow for the reversal of certain unpaid interest or fee assessments. we also make loan modifications for some customers who request financial assistance through external sources, such as a consumer credit counseling agency program. the loans that are modified typically receive a reduced interest rate but continue to be subject to the original minimum payment terms and do not normally include waiver of unpaid principal, interest or fees. the determination of whether these changes to the terms and conditions meet the tdr criteria includes our consideration of all relevant facts and circumstances.
loans classified as tdrs are recorded at their present value with impairment measured as the difference between the loan balance and the discounted present value of cash flows expected to be collected, discounted at the original effective interest rate of the loan. our allowance for loan losses on tdrs is generally measured based on the difference between the recorded loan receivable and the present value of the expected future cash flows.
interest income from loans accounted for as tdrs is accounted for in the same manner as other accruing loans. we accrue interest on credit card balances until the accounts are charged-off in the period the accounts become 180 days past due. the following table presents the amount of loan receivables that are not accruing interest, loans that are 90 days or more past-due and still accruing interest, and earning tdrs for the periods presented.
(1)   at december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, balances exclude $51 million, $54 million and $70 million, respectively, of tdrs which are included in loans contractually 90 days past-due and still accruing interest balance. see note 4. loan receivables and allowance for loan losses to our consolidated and combined financial statements for additional information on the financial effects of tdrs for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
gross amount of interest income that would have been recorded in accordance with the original contractual terms      $153              $142
total interest income foregone                                                                                       $104               $86
delinquencies loan delinquencies as a percentage of period-end loan receivables decreased with the over-30 day delinquency rate decreasing to 4.06% at december 31, 2015, as compared to 4.14% at december 31, 2014. the 8 basis point decrease compared to the same period in prior year was primarily driven by general improvement in the u.s. economy.
net charge-offs net charge-offs consist of the unpaid principal balance of loans held for investment that we determine are uncollectible, net of recovered amounts. we exclude accrued and unpaid finance charges and fees and third-party fraud losses from charge-offs. charged-off and recovered finance charges and fees are included in interest and fees on loans while third-party fraud losses are included in other expense. charge-offs are recorded as a reduction to the allowance for loan losses and subsequent recoveries of previously charged-off amounts are credited to the allowance for loan losses. costs incurred to recover charged-off loans are recorded as collection expense and included in other expense in our consolidated and combined statements of earnings.
the table below sets forth the ratio of net charge-offs to average loan receivables, including held for sale, for the periods indicated.
ratio of net charge-offs to average loan receivables, including held for sale   4.33   %       4.51   %      4.68   %      4.93   %      5.80   %
allowance for loan losses the allowance for loan losses totaled $3,497 million at december 31, 2015 compared with $3,236 million at december 31, 2014, representing our best estimate of probable losses inherent in the portfolio. the increase in allowance for loan losses was primarily driven by an increase in our expected losses driven by growth in loan receivables.
the following tables provide changes in our allowance for loan losses for the periods presented:
balance at january 1, 2015           provision charged to operations   other(1)       gross charge-offs(2)               recoveries(2)           balance at december 31, 2015
credit cards                              $3,169                                  $2,880                $-             $(3,289           )                  $660                            $3,420
consumer installment loans                    22                                      25                -              (35               )                    14                                26
commercial credit products                    45                                      46                -              (47               )                     6                                50
balance at january 1, 2014           provision charged to operations   other(1)       gross charge-offs(2)               recoveries(2)           balance at december 31, 2014
credit cards                              $2,827                                  $2,858                $-             $(3,111           )                  $595                            $3,169
consumer installment loans                    19                                      20                -              (30               )                    13                                22
commercial credit products                    46                                      39                -              (48               )                     8                                45
balance at january 1, 2013           provision charged to operations   other(1)       gross charge-offs(2)               recoveries(2)           balance at december 31, 2013
credit cards                              $2,174                                  $2,970                $-             $(2,847           )                  $530                            $2,827
consumer installment loans                    62                                      49                -              (111              )                    19                                19
commercial credit products                    38                                      53                -              (53               )                     8                                46
balance atjanuary 1, 2012          provisioncharged tooperations   other(1)       gross charge-offs(2)               recoveries(2)           balance at december 31, 2012
credit cards                              $1,902                                $2,438               $-             $(2,680           )                  $514                            $2,174
consumer installment loans                   113                                    54               -              (130              )                    25                                62
commercial credit products                    37                                    69               -              (76               )                     8                                38
balance atjanuary 1, 2011          provisioncharged tooperations   other(1)       gross charge-offs(2)               recoveries(2)            balance at december 31, 2011
credit cards                              $2,137                                $2,130               $(8       )    $(2,850           )                  $493                             $1,902
consumer installment loans                   176                                    54               -              (151              )                    34                                113
commercial credit products                    49                                    74               -              (99               )                    13                                 37
(1)   other primarily included the effects of foreign currency exchange.
(2)   net charge-offs (gross charge-offs less recoveries) in certain portfolios may exceed the beginning allowance for loan losses as our revolving credit portfolios turn over more than once per year or, in all portfolios, can reflect losses that are incurred subsequent to the beginning of the period due to information becoming available during the period, which may identify further deterioration of existing loan receivables.
funding, liquidity and capital resources
we maintain a strong focus on liquidity and capital. our funding, liquidity and capital policies are designed to ensure that our business has the liquidity and capital resources to support our daily operations, our business growth, our credit ratings and our regulatory and policy requirements, in a cost effective and prudent manner through expected and unexpected market environments.
funding sources our primary funding sources include cash from operations, deposits (direct and brokered deposits), third-party debt and securitized financings.
the following table summarizes information concerning our funding sources during the periods indicated:
years ended december 31 ($ in millions)       averagebalance             %         averagerate          averagebalance             %         averagerate             average             %         average balance                          rate deposits(1)                                   $38,148             61.0   %         1.6       %          $30,110             55.0   %         1.6       %        $22,405           47.1   %       1.7     %
securitized financings                         13,868             22.2             1.6                   14,835             27.1             1.4                 16,209           34.0           1.3
(1)   excludes $152 million, $240 million and $506 million average balance of non-interest-bearing deposits for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. non-interest-bearing deposits comprise less than 10% of total deposits for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013.
deposits we obtain deposits directly from retail and commercial customers ("direct deposits") or through third-party brokerage firms that offer our deposits to their customers ("brokered deposits"). at december 31, 2015, we had $29.7 billion in direct deposits (which includes deposits from banks and financial institutions) and $13.7 billion in deposits originated through brokerage firms (including network deposit sweeps procured through a program arranger that channels brokerage account deposits to us). a key part of our liquidity plan and funding strategy is to significantly expand our direct deposits base as a source of stable and diversified low cost funding.
our direct deposits include a range of fdic-insured deposit products, including certificates of deposit, iras, money market accounts and savings accounts.
brokered deposits are primarily from retail customers of large brokerage firms. we have relationships with 10 brokers that offer our deposits through their networks. our brokered deposits consist primarily of certificates of deposit that bear interest at a fixed rate and at december 31, 2015, had a weighted average remaining life of 3.4 years. these deposits generally are not subject to early withdrawal.
our ability to attract deposits is sensitive to, among other things, the interest rates we pay, and therefore, we bear funding and interest rate risk if we fail, or are required to pay higher rates, to attract new deposits or retain existing deposits. to mitigate these risks, we pursue a funding strategy that seeks to match our assets and liabilities by interest rate and expected maturity characteristics, and we seek to maintain access to multiple other funding sources, including securitized financings (including our undrawn committed capacity) and unsecured debt.
over the next several years, we are seeking to increase our direct deposits through investing in our direct deposit programs and capabilities. the growth of direct deposits will be supported by a significant investment in marketing and brand awareness.
the following table summarizes certain information regarding our interest-bearing deposits by type (all of which constitute u.s. deposits) for the periods indicated.
averagebalance(1)                                                                      % oftotal         averagerate       averagebalance(1)            % oftotal         averagerate       average                 % of         average balance(1)             total            rate direct deposits:
certificates of deposit (including ira certificates of deposit)         $15,543             40.7   %             1.4   %                 $10,993             36.5   %             1.3   %            $5,889         26.3   %         0.9   %
savings accounts (including money market accounts)                        8,775             23.0   %             1.0                       4,365             14.5                 0.9                 2,193          9.8             0.8
brokered deposits                                                        13,830             36.3   %             2.2                      14,752             49.0                 2.0                14,323         63.9             2.1
total interest-bearing deposits                                         $38,148            100.0   %             1.6   %                 $30,110            100.0   %             1.6   %           $22,405        100.0   %         1.7   %
(1)   average balances are based on monthly balances. calculation of daily averages at this time involves undue burden and expense. we believe our average balance data is representative of our operations.
our deposit liabilities provide funding with maturities ranging from one day to ten years. at december 31, 2015, the weighted average maturity of our interest-bearing time deposits was 2.2 years. see note 7. deposits to our consolidated and combined financial statements for more information on their maturities.
the following table summarizes deposits by contractual maturity at december 31, 2015.
($ in millions)                                                         3 months orless   over3 monthsbut within6 months         over6 monthsbut within12 months        over12 months                total u.s. deposits (less than $100,000)(1)                                    $5,234           $1,447                                 $2,779                                 $11,362                $20,822
u.s. deposits ($100,000 or more)
direct deposits:
certificates of deposit (including ira certificates of deposit)           1,747           2,182                                  3,108                                  4,898                   11,935
savings accounts (including money market accounts)                        9,330           -                                      -                                      -                        9,330
brokered deposits:
(1)   includes brokered certificates of deposit for which underlying individual deposit balances are assumed to be less than $100,000.
securitized financings we have been engaged in the securitization of our credit card receivables since 1997. we access the asset-backed securitization market using the synchrony credit card master note trust ("synct") through which we issue asset-backed securities through both public transactions and private transactions funded by financial institutions and commercial paper conduits. in addition, we issue asset-backed securities in private transactions through the synchrony sales finance master trust ("sft") and the synchrony receivables trust ("srt").
at december 31, 2015, we had $6.0 billion of outstanding private asset-backed securities and $7.6 billion of outstanding public asset-backed securities, in each case held by unrelated third parties.
the following table summarizes expected contractual maturities of the investors' interests in securitized financings at december 31, 2015.
($ in millions)                                                                      less thanone year           one yearthroughthreeyears            fouryearsthroughfiveyears   after fiveyears                     total scheduled maturities of long-term borrowings-owed to securitization investors:
total long-term borrowings-owed to securitization investors                               $842                          $10,198                               $2,563              $-                            $13,603
we retain exposure to the performance of trust assets through: (i) in the case of synct, sft and srt, subordinated retained interests in the receivables transferred to the trust in excess of the principal amount of the notes for a given series to provide credit enhancement for a particular series, as well as a pari passu seller's interest in each trust and (ii) subordinated classes of synct notes that we own.
all of our securitized financings include early repayment triggers, referred to as early amortization events, including events related to material breaches of representations, warranties or covenants, inability or failure of the bank to transfer loans to the trusts as required under the securitization documents, failure to make required payments or deposits pursuant to the securitization documents, and certain insolvency-related events with respect to the related securitization depositor, synchrony (solely with respect to synct) or the bank. in addition, an early amortization event will occur with respect to a series if the excess spread as it relates to a particular series falls below zero. following an early amortization event, principal collections on the loans in our trusts are applied to repay principal of the asset-backed securities rather than being available on a revolving basis to fund the origination activities of our business. the occurrence of an early amortization event also would limit or terminate our ability to issue future series out of the trust in which the early amortization event occurred. no early amortization event has occurred with respect to any of the securitized financings in synct, sft or srt.
the following table summarizes for each of our trusts the three-month rolling average excess spread at december 31, 2015.
(1)   represents the excess spread (generally calculated as interest income collected from the applicable pool of loan receivables less applicable net charge-offs, interest expense and servicing costs, divided by the aggregate principal amount of loan receivables in the applicable pool) for each trust (or, in the case of synct, represents a range of the excess spreads relating to the particular series issued within the trust), in each case calculated in accordance with the applicable trust or series documentation, for the three securitization monthly periods ending prior to december 31, 2015.
third-party debt bank term loan on august 5, 2014, we borrowed the full amount under the bank term loan with third-party lenders that provided $8.0 billion principal amount of unsecured term loans maturing in 2019. in 2014, we prepaid $505 million of the bank term loan, using a portion of the net proceeds from our issuance of senior unsecured notes. in october 2014, we amended the bank term loan to, among other things, increase the amount of indebtedness that the company may incur by $750 million, and this amount was borrowed in full.
during the year ended december 31, 2015, we prepaid an additional $4.1 billion in the aggregate of the bank term loan, which included the use of a portion of the net proceeds from the issuance of senior unsecured notes in february, july and december 2015. at december 31, 2015, the total indebtedness outstanding under the bank term loan was $4.2 billion and the weighted average interest rate was 2.17%.
subsequent to december 31, 2015, we prepaid an additional $2.7 billion in the aggregate of the bank term loan. the total indebtedness outstanding under the bank term loan following the additional prepayments was $1.5 billion.
issuance date                          principal amount        maturity                                                interest rate february 2, 2015                           $750                    2020                                               2.700        %
in addition, on august 11, 2014, we issued a total of $3.6 billion of senior unsecured notes with various maturities ranging from 2017 through 2024. we used a portion of the net proceeds from the issuance of unsecured senior notes to prepay $505 million of the bank term loan.
related party debt during the first quarter of 2015, we prepaid $655 million of the gecc term loan, which represented all of the remaining outstanding indebtedness under that agreement, and gecc no longer provides funding to our business.
for periods prior to our ipo in 2014, gecc was a key source of our debt funding pursuant to various intercompany funding arrangements.
the aggregate interest and fees incurred with respect to funding provided by gecc to us was $4 million, $113 million and $157 million for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
short-term borrowings except as described above, there were no material short-term borrowings for the periods presented.
undrawn securitized financings at december 31, 2015, we had an aggregate of $6.1 billion of undrawn committed capacity on our securitized financings, subject to customary borrowing conditions, from private lenders under two of our existing securitization programs.
other at december 31, 2015, we had more than $25.0 billion of unencumbered assets in the bank available to be used to generate additional liquidity through secured borrowings or asset sales or to be pledged to the federal reserve board for credit at the discount window.
covenants the bank term loan includes: (a) affirmative covenants, which, among other things, require the bank to remain a wholly-owned subsidiary of ours and (b) negative covenants which, among other things, restrict our and certain of our subsidiaries' ability (subject to various exceptions) to incur liens, incur indebtedness, engage in transactions with affiliates, amend the master agreement and enter into certain restrictive agreements. the negative covenants also restrict our ability (subject to certain exceptions) to undergo various fundamental changes (including mergers, liquidations, sale-leaseback transactions and transfers of all or substantially all of our assets).
the bank term loan also contains financial covenants (to be tested on a quarterly basis) that require (i) synchrony to maintain a minimum common equity tier 1 ratio of not less than 10%, (ii) synchrony to maintain minimum liquidity of not less than $4.0 billion and (iii) the bank to maintain minimum liquidity of not less than $2.0 billion. the bank term loan includes customary events of default, including the occurrence of a change of control (not including the separation) and the occurrence of certain material adverse regulatory events.
the indenture pursuant to which our senior unsecured notes have been issued includes various covenants, including covenants that restrict (subject to certain exceptions) synchrony's ability to dispose of, or incur liens on, any of the voting stock of the bank or otherwise permit the bank to be merged, consolidated, leased or sold in a manner that results in the bank being less than 80% controlled by us.
if we do not satisfy any of the covenants discussed above, the maturity of amounts outstanding thereunder may be accelerated and become payable. we were in compliance with all of these covenants at december 31, 2015.
our real estate leases also include various covenants, but typically do not include financial covenants. if we do not satisfy the covenants in the real estate leases, the leases may be terminated and we may be liable for damage claims. at december 31, 2015, we were not in default under any of our credit facilities and had not received any notices of default under any of our real estate leases.
credit ratings our borrowing costs and capacity in certain funding markets, including securitizations and senior and subordinated debt, may be affected by the credit ratings of the company, the bank and the ratings of our asset-backed securities.
our senior unsecured debt issued in 2014 and 2015, was rated bbb- (stable outlook) by fitch and bbb- (stable outlook) by s&p. in addition, certain of the asset-backed securities issued by synct are rated by fitch, s&p and/or moody's. a credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities, may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organization, and each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. downgrades in these credit ratings could materially increase the cost of our funding from, and restrict our access to, the capital markets.
liquidity
we seek to ensure that we have adequate liquidity to sustain business operations, fund asset growth, satisfy debt obligations and to meet regulatory expectations under normal and stress conditions.
we maintain policies outlining the overall framework and general principles for managing liquidity risk across our business, which is the responsibility of our asset and liability management committee, a subcommittee of our enterprise risk management committee. we employ a variety of metrics to monitor and manage liquidity. we perform regular liquidity stress testing and contingency planning as part of our liquidity management process. we evaluate a range of stress scenarios including company specific and systemic events that could impact funding sources and our ability to meet liquidity needs.
we maintain a liquidity portfolio, which at december 31, 2015 had $14.8 billion of liquid assets, primarily consisting of cash and equivalents and short-term obligations of the u.s. treasury, less cash in transit which is not considered to be liquid, compared to a $12.9 billion liquidity portfolio at december 31, 2014. the increase in liquid assets was primarily due to debt financings, and also the retention of excess cash flows from operations within our company.
as additional sources of liquidity, at december 31, 2015, we had an aggregate of $6.1 billion of undrawn committed capacity, subject to customary borrowing conditions, from private lenders under two of our existing securitization programs, and we had more than $25.0 billion of unencumbered assets in the bank available to be used to generate additional liquidity through secured borrowings or asset sales or to be pledged to the federal reserve board for credit at the discount window.
as a general matter, investments included in our liquidity portfolio are expected to be highly liquid, giving us the ability to readily convert them to cash. the level and composition of our liquidity portfolio may fluctuate based upon the level of expected maturities of our funding sources as well as operational requirements and market conditions.
we will rely significantly on dividends and other distributions and payments from the bank for liquidity; however, bank regulations, contractual restrictions and other factors limit the amount of dividends and other distributions and payments that the bank may pay to us. for a discussion of regulatory restrictions on the bank's ability to pay dividends, see "item 1a. risk factors-risks relating to regulation-we are subject to restrictions that limit our ability to pay dividends and repurchase our common stock; the bank is subject to restrictions that limit its ability to pay dividends to us, which could limit our ability to pay dividends or make payments on our indebtedness." and "regulation-savings association regulation-dividends and stock repurchases".
capital
our primary sources of capital have been earnings generated by our businesses and existing equity capital. the proceeds from the ipo in 2014 also increased our equity capital significantly. we seek to manage capital to a level and composition sufficient to support the risks of our businesses, meet regulatory requirements, adhere to rating agency targets and support future business growth. the level, composition and utilization of capital are influenced by changes in the economic environment, strategic initiatives and legislative and regulatory developments. within these constraints, we are focused on deploying capital in a manner that will provide attractive returns to our stockholders.
our capital adequacy assessment also includes tax and accounting considerations in accordance with regulatory guidance. we maintain a deferred tax asset on our balance sheet, and we include this asset when calculating our regulatory capital levels. however, for regulatory capital purposes, deferred tax assets (i) are limited to the amount of taxes previously paid that a company could recover through loss carrybacks; and (ii) 10% of the amount of our tier 1 capital. at december 31, 2015, no portion of our deferred tax asset was disallowed for regulatory capital purposes.
the bank is required to conduct stress tests on an annual basis, and beginning on january 1, 2017, the company will be required to conduct stress tests on an annual basis under the occ's and the federal reserve board's stress test regulations. the bank is, and the company will be, required to use stress-testing methodologies providing for results under at least three different sets of conditions, including baseline, adverse and severely adverse conditions. in addition, while as a savings and loan holding company we currently are not subject to the federal reserve board's capital planning rule, we prepare and submit a capital plan to the federal reserve board.
dividend and share repurchases the declaration and payment of future dividends to holders of our common stock will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on many factors, including the financial condition, earnings, capital and liquidity requirements of us and the bank, regulatory restrictions, corporate law and contractual restrictions and other factors that our board of directors deems relevant. in addition, banking laws and regulations and our banking regulators may limit our ability to pay dividends and make repurchases of our stock. for a discussion of regulatory restrictions on our and the bank's ability to pay dividends and repurchase stock, see "risk factors-risks relating to regulation-we are subject to restrictions that limit our ability to pay dividends and repurchase our common stock; the bank is subject to restrictions that limit its ability to pay dividends to us, which could limit our ability to pay dividends or make payments on our indebtedness".
regulatory capital requirements - synchrony financial as a savings and loan holding company, we are required to maintain minimum capital ratios, under the applicable u.s. basel iii capital rules. for more information, see "regulation-savings and loan holding company regulation".
for synchrony financial to be a well-capitalized savings and loan holding company, synchrony bank must be well-capitalized and synchrony financial must not be subject to any written agreement, order, capital directive, or prompt corrective action directive issued by the federal reserve board to meet and maintain a specific capital level for any capital measure. as of december 31, 2015, synchrony financial met all the requirements to be deemed well-capitalized.
the following table sets forth at december 31, 2015 and 2014, the composition of our capital ratios for the company calculated under the basel iii and basel i regulatory capital standards, respectively.
basel iii transition                basel i at december 31, 2015                at december 31, 2014
($ in millions)                amount                      ratio   amount                  ratio total risk-based capital       $12,533                18.1   %     $10,106                16.2   %
tier 1 risk-based capital      $11,633                16.8   %     $9,297                 14.9   %
tier 1 common equity           n/a                     n/a         $9,297                 14.9   %
tier 1 leverage(1)             $11,633                14.4   %     $9,297                 12.5   %
common equity tier 1 capital   $11,633                16.8   %     n/a                     n/a
(1)   tier 1 leverage ratio represents total tier 1 capital as a percentage of total leveraged assets.
($ in millions)                amount                  ratio            amount                  ratio common equity tier 1 capital   $11,234           15.9        %          $9,277            14.5        %
non-gaap measures the capital ratios presented above include common equity tier 1 capital ("cet1") as calculated under the u.s. basel iii capital rules on a fully phased-in basis, which is not currently required by our regulators to be disclosed and, as such, is considered to be a non-gaap measure. in addition, we also present certain capital ratios for the company at december 31, 2014, as calculated under the u.s. basel i capital rules, which are also considered to be non-gaap measures. we believe that these capital ratios are useful measures to investors because they are widely used by analysts and regulators to assess the capital position of financial services companies, although these ratios may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. the following table sets forth a reconciliation of each component of our capital ratios set forth above to the comparable gaap component at december 31, 2015 and 2014.
equity to tier 1 capital, tier 1 common equity and risk-based capital total equity                                                                                                      $12,604             $10,478
disallowed goodwill and other disallowed intangible assets                                                         (1,650   )          (1,181   )
basel i - tier 1 capital and tier 1 common equity                                                                                      $9,297
adjustments for certain other intangibles assets and deferred tax liabilities                                                             (20   )
adjustments for certain deferred tax liabilities and certain items in accumulated comprehensive income (loss)         280
basel iii - common equity tier 1 (fully phased-in)                                                                $11,234              $9,277
adjustments related to capital components during transition                                                           399
tier 1 capital and tier 1 common equity(1)                                                                         11,633               9,297
allowance for loan losses includible in risk-based capital                                                            900                 809
risk-based capital(1)                                                                                             $12,533             $10,106
total assets to leveraged assets total assets(2)                                                                                                   $82,029             $75,707
disallowed goodwill and other disallowed intangible assets, net of related deferred tax liabilities                  (991   )          (1,181   )
total assets for leverage capital purposes(1)                                                                     $81,038             $74,605
risk-weighted assets - basel i                                n/a     $62,270
risk-weighted assets - basel iii (fully phased-in)(3)     $70,640     $64,162
risk-weighted assets - basel iii (transition)(3)          $69,372         n/a
(1)   at december 31, 2015, regulatory capital amounts are calculated under basel iii rules, subject to transition provisions. at december 31, 2014, regulatory capital amounts are calculated under basel i rules.
(2)   represents total average assets for the three months ended december 31, 2015 and total assets at december 31, 2014.
(3)   key differences between basel iii transition rules and fully phased-in basel iii rules relate to the calculation of risk-weighted assets including, but not limited to, risk weighting of deferred tax assets and adjustments for certain intangible assets.
regulatory capital requirements - synchrony bank at december 31, 2015 and 2014, the bank met all applicable requirements to be deemed well-capitalized pursuant to occ regulations and for purposes of the federal deposit insurance act. effective january 1, 2015, the bank became subject to the u.s. basel iii regulatory capital standards, subject to transition provisions. the following table sets forth the composition of the bank's capital ratios calculated under the basel iii rules at december 31, 2015 and calculated under basel i rules at december 31, 2014.
capitalized under prompt corrective action provisions - basel iii at december 31, 2015 ($ in millions)           amount          ratio                        amount                         ratio total risk-based capital                  $8,443           16.6    %              $5,089                          10.0         %
tier 1 risk-based capital                 $7,781           15.3    %              $4,071                           8.0         %
tier 1 leverage                           $7,781           13.0    %              $2,984                           5.0         %
common equity tier 1 capital              $7,781           15.3    %              $3,308                           6.5         %
capitalized under prompt corrective action provisions - basel i at december 31, 2014 ($ in millions)           amount          ratio                        amount                         ratio total risk-based capital                  $7,100           17.1    %              $4,152                          10.0         %
tier 1 risk-based capital                 $6,559           15.8    %              $2,491                           6.0         %
tier 1 leverage                           $6,559           13.4    %              $2,449                           5.0         %
failure to meet minimum capital requirements can result in the initiation of certain mandatory and possibly additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could limit our business activities and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. see "risk factors-risks relating to regulation-failure by synchrony and the bank to meet applicable capital adequacy and liquidity requirements could have a material adverse effect on us".
off-balance sheet arrangements and unfunded lending commitments
we do not have any significant off-balance sheet arrangements, including guarantees of third-party obligations. guarantees are contracts or indemnification agreements that contingently require us to make a guaranteed payment or perform an obligation to a third-party based on certain trigger events. at december 31, 2015, we had not recorded any contingent liabilities in our consolidated statements of financial position related to any guarantees.
we extend credit, primarily arising from agreements with customers for unused lines of credit on our credit cards, in the ordinary course of business. see note 4 - loan receivables and allowance for loan losses to our consolidated and combined financial statements for more information on our unfunded lending commitments.
in the normal course of business, we enter into various contractual obligations that require future cash payments. our future cash payments associated with our contractual obligations at december 31, 2015 are summarized below.
($ in millions)                               total                2016           2017 - 2018           2019 - 2020            2021 and thereafter deposits(1)(2)                          $43,447             $27,187              $6,946                $6,733                      $2,581
securitized financings(3)                13,931                 962              10,363                 2,606                           -
(1)   savings accounts (including money market accounts), brokered network deposits sweeps, and non-interest-bearing deposits are assumed for purposes of this table to be due in 2016 because they may be withdrawn at any time without payment of any penalty.
(2)   deposits do not include interest payments because the amount and timing of these payments cannot be reasonably estimated as certain deposits have early withdrawal rights and also the option to roll interest payments into the balance. the average interest rate on our interest-bearing deposits for the year ended december 31, 2015 was 1.6%. see note 7. deposits to our consolidated and combined financial statements.
(3)   these amounts shown exclude interest on floating rate securitized borrowings. the average interest rate for the year ended december 31, 2015 was 1.6%. see note 8. borrowings to our consolidated and combined financial statements.
(4)   the amounts shown exclude interest as payments of interest on these borrowings are based on floating rates. the average interest rate for the year ended december 31, 2015 was 2.5% for the bank term loan. see note 8. borrowings to our consolidated and combined financial statements.
(5)   the amounts shown exclude interest for the $250 million senior unsecured debt due 2020 as payments of interest on this senior unsecured note are based on floating rates.
(6)   the table above does not include estimated payments of liabilities associated with uncertain income tax positions. the inherent complexity and uncertainty around the timing and amount of future outflows for uncertain tax positions do not permit a reasonably reliable estimate of payments, if any, to be made in connection with these liabilities. at december 31, 2015, we had gross unrecognized tax benefits of $327 million, excluding related interest and penalties. see note 14. income taxes to the consolidated and combined financial statements.
(7)   the table above excludes our reimbursement obligations to ge for certain retiree benefits obligations of $166 million at december 31, 2015. see note 11. employee benefit plans to the consolidated and combined financial statements for additional information.
critical accounting estimates
in preparing our consolidated and combined financial statements, we have identified certain accounting estimates and assumptions that we consider to be the most critical to an understanding of our financial statements because they involve significant judgments and uncertainties. the critical accounting estimates we have identified relate to allowance for loan losses, asset impairment, income taxes and fair value measurements. all of these estimates reflect our best judgment about current, and for some estimates future, economic and market conditions and their effects based on information available as of the date of these financial statements. if these conditions change from those expected, it is reasonably possible that these judgments and estimates could change, which may result in incremental losses on loan receivables, future impairments of investment securities, goodwill and intangible assets, and the establishment of valuation allowances on deferred tax assets and increases in our tax liabilities, among other effects. see note 2. basis of presentation and summary of significant accounting policies to our consolidated and combined financial statements, which discusses the significant accounting policies related to these estimates.
allowance for loan losses losses on loan receivables are recognized when they are incurred, which requires us to make our best estimate of probable losses inherent in the portfolio. the method for calculating the best estimate of probable losses takes into account our historical experience adjusted for current conditions with each product and customer type and our judgment concerning the probable effects of relevant observable data, trends and market factors.
we evaluate each portfolio quarterly. for credit card receivables, our estimation process includes analysis of historical data and there is a significant amount of judgment applied in selecting inputs and analyzing the results produced by the models to determine the allowance. our risk process includes standards and policies for reviewing major risk exposures and concentrations, and evaluates relevant data either for individual loans or on a portfolio basis, as appropriate. more specifically, we use a migration analysis to estimate the likelihood that a loan will progress through the various stages of delinquency. the migration analysis considers uncollectible principal, interest and fees reflected in the loan receivables. we use other analyses to estimate losses incurred on non-delinquent accounts. the considerations in these analyses include past performance, risk management techniques applied to various accounts, historical behavior of different account vintages, current economic conditions, recent trends in delinquencies, bankruptcy filings, account collection management, policy changes, account seasoning, loan volume and amounts, payment rates, forecasting uncertainties and a qualitative assessment of the adequacy of the allowance for losses, which compares this allowance for losses to projected net charge-offs over the next 12 months, in a manner consistent with regulatory guidance. we do not evaluate credit card loans for impairment on an individual basis, but instead estimate its allowance for credit card loan losses on a portfolio basis. further, experience is not available for new portfolios; therefore, while we are developing that experience, we set loss allowances based on our experience with the most closely analogous products in our portfolio. the underlying assumptions, estimates and assessments we use to provide for losses are updated periodically to reflect our view of current conditions and are subject to the regulatory examination process, which can result in changes to our assumptions. changes in such estimates can significantly affect the allowance and provision for losses. it is possible that we will experience credit losses that are different from our current estimates.
asset impairment investments we regularly review investment securities for impairment using both quantitative and qualitative criteria. for debt securities, if we do not intend to sell the security, and it is not more likely than not that we will be required to sell the security before recovery of our amortized cost, we evaluate other qualitative criteria to determine whether a credit loss exists, such as the financial health of and specific prospects for the issuer, including whether the issuer is in compliance with the terms and covenants of the security. quantitative criteria include determining whether there has been an adverse change in expected future cash flows. for equity securities, our criteria include the length of time and magnitude of the amount that each security is in an unrealized loss position.
goodwill and intangible assets we do not amortize goodwill but test it at least annually for impairment at the reporting unit level. a reporting unit is defined under gaap as the operating segment, or one level below that operating segment (the component level) if discrete financial information is prepared and regularly reviewed by segment management. our operating segment consists of a single reporting unit, based on the level at which management regularly reviews and measures the business operating results.
goodwill impairment risk is first assessed under fasb accounting standards update ("asu") 2011-08, intangibles-goodwill and other (topic 350): testing goodwill for impairment by performing a qualitative review of entity-specific, industry, market and general economic factors for our reporting unit. if potential goodwill impairment risk exists that indicates that it is more likely than not that the carrying value of our reporting unit exceeds its fair value, we apply a two-step quantitative test. the first step compares the reporting unit's estimated fair value with its carrying value. if the carrying value of our reporting unit's net assets exceeds its fair value, the second step is applied to measure the difference between the carrying value and implied fair value of goodwill. if the carrying value of goodwill exceeds its implied fair value, the goodwill is considered impaired and reduced to its implied fair value. the qualitative assessment for each period presented in the consolidated and combined financial statements was performed without hindsight, assuming only factors and market conditions existing as of those dates, and resulted in no potential goodwill impairment risk for our reporting unit. consequently, goodwill was not deemed to be impaired for any of the periods presented.
definite-lived intangible assets principally consist of customer-related assets, including contract acquisitions and purchased credit card relationships. these assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives and evaluated for impairment annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of these assets may not be recoverable. the evaluation compares the cash inflows expected to be generated from each intangible asset to its carrying value. if cash flows attributable to the intangible asset are less than the carrying value, the asset is considered impaired and written down to its estimated fair value. no impairments of definite-lived intangible assets have been recognized in the periods presented.
income taxes we are subject to income tax in the united states (federal, state and local) as well as other jurisdictions in which we operate. our provision for income tax expense is based on our income, the statutory tax rates and other provisions of the tax laws applicable to us in each of these various jurisdictions. these laws are complex and their application to our facts is at times open to interpretation. the process of determining our consolidated income tax expense includes significant judgments and estimates, including judgments regarding the interpretation of those laws. our provision for income taxes and our deferred tax assets and liabilities incorporate those judgments and estimates and reflect management's best estimate of current and future income taxes to be paid. we review our tax positions quarterly and adjust the balances as new information becomes available.
deferred tax assets and liabilities relate to temporary differences between the financial reporting and income tax bases of our assets and liabilities, as well as the impact of tax loss carryforwards or carrybacks, and are measured using the enacted income tax laws and rates that will be in effect when such differences are expected to reverse. deferred tax assets are specific to the jurisdiction in which they arise and are recognized subject to management's judgment that realization of those assets is more likely than not. in making decisions regarding our ability to realize tax assets, we evaluate all positive and negative evidence, including projected future taxable income, taxable income in carryback periods, expected reversal of deferred tax liabilities and the implementation of available tax planning strategies. these decisions rely heavily on estimates. we use our historical experience and our short and long-range business forecasts to provide insight.
asc 740, income taxes, establishes the framework by which we determine the appropriate level of tax reserves to be maintained for uncertain income tax positions. applying this framework, we recognize the financial statement impact of uncertain income tax positions when we conclude that it is more likely than not, based on the technical merits of a position, that the position will be sustained upon examination. in certain situations, we establish a liability that represents the difference between a tax position taken (or expected to be taken) on an income tax return and the amount of taxes recognized in our financial statements.
fair value measurements assets and liabilities measured at fair value every reporting period include investments in debt and equity securities. assets that are not measured at fair value every reporting period, but that are subject to fair value measurements in certain circumstances primarily include loans that have been reduced to fair value when they are held for sale, impaired loans that have been reduced based on the fair value of the underlying collateral, cost method and equity method investments that are written down to fair value when they are impaired.
assets that are written down to fair value when impaired are not subsequently adjusted to fair value unless further impairment occurs. a fair value measurement is determined as the price that we would receive to sell an asset or pay to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. in the absence of active markets for the identical assets or liabilities, such measurements involve developing assumptions based on market observable data and, in the absence of such data, internal information that is consistent with what market participants would use in a hypothetical transaction that occurs at the measurement date. the determination of fair value often involves significant judgments about assumptions such as determining an appropriate discount rate that factors in both risk and liquidity premiums, identifying the similarities and differences in market transactions, weighting those differences accordingly and then making the appropriate adjustments to those market transactions to reflect the risks specific to our asset being valued.
in may 2014, the financial accounting standards board ("fasb") issued accounting standards update ("asu") 2014-09, revenue from contracts with customers, which requires an entity to recognize the amount of revenue to which it expects to be entitled for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers. the asu will replace most existing revenue recognition guidance in u.s. gaap when it becomes effective. in july 2015, the fasb approved a one-year deferral of this standard, with a revised effective date for fiscal years beginning after december 15, 2017. the standard permits the use of either the retrospective or modified retrospective (cumulative effect) transition method. we are evaluating the effect that asu 2014-09 will have on our consolidated and combined financial statements and related disclosures. we have not yet selected a transition method nor have we determined the effect of the standard on our ongoing financial reporting.
in april 2015, the fasb issued asu 2015-03, interest - imputation of interest. the asu changes the financial statement presentation of debt issuance costs from being presented as an asset to a direct reduction to the carrying amount of the long-term debt. the amortization of debt issuance costs will continue to be included in interest expense. this standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2015. we are currently evaluating the effect of the asu on our consolidated and combined financial statements.