item 1a. risk factors the following discussion sets forth some of the more important risk factors that could materially affect bb&t's financial condition and operations. when a risk factor spans several risk categories, the below risks have been listed by their primary risk category. other factors that could affect the company's financial condition and operations are discussed in the "forward-looking statements" section above. however, there may be additional risks that are not presently material or known, and factors besides those discussed below, or elsewhere in this or other reports that bb&t filed or furnished with the sec, that also could adversely affect the company.
bb&t is extensively regulated under federal and state banking laws and regulations that are intended primarily for the protection of depositors, federal difs and the banking system as a whole. in addition, bb&t is subject to changes in federal and state laws as well as changes in banking and credit regulations and governmental economic and monetary policies. any of these changes could adversely and materially affect bb&t. the current regulatory environment for financial institutions entails significant potential increases in compliance requirements and associated costs, including those related to consumer credit, with a focus on mortgage lending.
federal and state banking regulators also possess broad powers to take supervisory actions as they deem appropriate. these supervisory actions may result in higher capital requirements, higher deposit insurance premiums and limitations on bb&t's activities that could have a material adverse effect on its business and profitability.
the ongoing implementation of the dodd-frank act, and its related rulemaking activities, may result in lower revenues, higher costs and ratings downgrades. in addition, failure to meet the frb's capital planning and adequacy requirements and liquidity requirements under the dodd-frank act and other banking laws may limit the ability to pay dividends, pursue acquisitions and repurchase common stock.
the dodd-frank act represents a significant overhaul of many aspects of the regulation of the financial services industry, addressing, among other things, systemic risk, capital adequacy, deposit insurance assessments, consumer financial protection, interchange fees, derivatives, lending limits, and changes among the bank regulatory agencies. under dodd-frank, bb&t is deemed to be a "systemically important" institution. federal agencies continue to implement the provisions of the dodd-frank act. many of these provisions remain subject to further rulemaking, guidance, and interpretation by the applicable federal regulators, such as the council, which will regulate the systemic risk of the financial system. additionally, the cfpb has finalized a number of significant rules that impact nearly every aspect of the lifecycle of a residential mortgage. these rules implement the dodd-frank act amendments to the equal credit opportunity act, the truth in lending act and the real estate settlement procedures act. these rules have a direct impact on bb&t's operations, as bb&t is both a mortgage originator and a servicer.
due to bb&t's size, it is subject to additional regulations such as the "living will" requirements relating to the rapid and orderly resolution of systemically important financial institutions in the event of material financial distress or failure. bb&t cannot predict the additional effects that compliance with the dodd-frank act or any regulations will have on bb&t's businesses or its ability to pursue future business opportunities. additional regulations resulting from the dodd-frank act may materially adversely affect bb&t's business, financial condition or results of operations. see "regulatory considerations" for additional information regarding the dodd-frank act and its impact upon bb&t.
in addition, bb&t has been subject to assessment by the frb as part of the ccar program. ccar is an annual exercise by the frb to ensure that institutions have forward-looking capital planning processes that account for their risks and sufficient capital to continue operations throughout times of economic and financial stress. bb&t cannot be certain that the frb will have no objections to bb&t's future capital plans submitted through the ccar program. failure to pass the ccar review could adversely affect bb&t's ability to pay dividends, enter into acquisitions and repurchase common stock.
tableofcontents bb&t may be subject to more stringent capital requirements, which could diminish its ability to pay dividends or require bb&t to reduce its operations.
the dodd-frank act requires federal banking agencies to establish more stringent risk-based capital requirements and leverage limits applicable to banks and bhcs. the frb approved final rules that established a new comprehensive capital framework for u.s. banking organizations and established a more conservative definition of capital. these requirements, known as basel iii, became effective on january 1, 2015, and as a result, bb&t became subject to enhanced minimum capital and leverage ratios. these requirements, and any other new regulations, including those that have been proposed but not yet implemented as a result of the requirements established by the bcbs, could adversely affect bb&t's ability to pay dividends, or could require bb&t to limit certain business activities or to raise capital, which may adversely affect its results of operations or financial condition. with approximately $209.9 billion in assets at december 31, 2015, bb&t currently qualifies as a standardized approach banking organization under basel iii. financial institutions with greater than $250 billion in assets or $10 billion in foreign assets are considered advanced approaches banking organizations, which results in a more complex calculation of rwa that includes an assessment of the impact of operational risk, among other changes. bb&t is preparing to comply with the advanced approaches requirements and these more stringent requirements, or bb&t's failure to properly comply with them, could materially and adversely impact bb&t's financial results and regulatory status. in addition, the costs associated with complying with more stringent capital requirements, such as the requirement to formulate and submit capital plans based on pre-defined stress scenarios on an annual basis, could have a material adverse effect on bb&t. see "regulatory considerations" for additional information regarding the capital requirements under the dodd-frank act and basel iii.
bb&t is subject to extensive and expanding government regulation and supervision, which can lead to costly enforcement actions while increasing the cost of doing business and limiting bb&t's ability to generate revenue.
the financial services industry is facing more intense scrutiny from bank supervisors in the examination process and more aggressive enforcement of regulations on both the federal and state levels, particularly with respect to mortgage- related practices and other consumer compliance matters, and compliance with anti-money laundering, bank secrecy act and office of foreign assets control efforts, and economic sanctions against certain foreign countries and nationals. federal banking law grants substantial enforcement powers to federal banking regulators. this enforcement authority includes, among other things, the ability to assess significant civil or criminal monetary penalties, fines, or restitution; to issue cease and desist or removal orders; and to initiate injunctive actions against banking organizations and institution-affiliated parties. these enforcement actions may be initiated for violations of laws and regulations and unsafe or unsound practices. failure to comply with these and other regulations, and supervisory expectations related thereto, may result in fines, penalties, lawsuits, regulatory sanctions, reputation damage, or restrictions on business. in addition, federal bank regulatory agencies are required to consider the effectiveness of a financial institution's anti-money laundering activities and other regulatory compliance matters when reviewing bank mergers and bhc acquisitions and, consequently, non-compliance with the applicable regulations could materially impair bb&t's ability to enter into or complete mergers and acquisitions.
differences in interpretation of tax laws and regulations and any potential resulting litigation may adversely impact bb&t's financial statements.
local, state or federal tax authorities may interpret tax laws and regulations differently than bb&t and challenge tax positions that bb&t has taken on its tax returns. this may result in differences in the treatment of revenues, deductions, credits and/or differences in the timing of these items. the differences in treatment may result in payment of additional taxes, interest or penalties that could have a material adverse effect on bb&t's results. for example, as discussed in note 12 "income taxes" in the "notes to consolidated financial statements," during 2010, bb&t received an irs statutory notice of deficiency for tax years 2002-2007 asserting a liability for taxes, penalties and interest of approximately $892 million. related developments resulted in a $516 million charge during 2013. potential developments in bb&t's litigation or in similar cases could adversely affect bb&t's financial position or results of operations.
tableofcontents credit risk changes in national, regional and local economic conditions and deterioration in the geographic and financial markets in which bb&t operates could lead to higher loan charge-offs and reduce bb&t's net income and growth.
bb&t's business is subject to periodic fluctuations based on national, regional and local economic conditions, as well as conditions that may be specific to particular sectors or industries. these fluctuations are not predictable, cannot be controlled, and may have a material adverse impact on bb&t's operations and financial condition even if other favorable events occur. bb&t's banking operations are locally oriented and community-based. accordingly, bb&t expects to continue to be dependent upon local business conditions as well as conditions in the local residential and cre markets it serves. for example, an increase in unemployment, a decrease in real estate values or increases in interest rates, as well as other factors, could weaken the economies of the communities bb&t serves. weakness in bb&t's market area could depress its earnings and consequently its financial condition because:
路   the quality of bb&amp;t's loan portfolio may decline.
any of the latter three scenarios could require bb&t to charge off a higher percentage of loans and/or increase provisions for credit losses, which would reduce bb&t's net income. credit deterioration, combined with flat to declining real estate values, would result in increased loan charge-offs and higher provisions for credit losses, which may negatively impact bb&t's net income. for example, as of december 31, 2015, loan balances related to the oil and gas industry represented approximately 1% of our total loan portfolio. this amount generally consists of loans for oilfield services, oil and gas exploration and production, and pipeline transportation of gas and crude oil. beginning in late 2014, oil prices began declining, which has had an adverse effect on some of our borrowers in this portfolio and on the value of the collateral securing some of these loans. if such downturn in the oil and gas industry continues, the cash flows of our customers in this industry could be adversely impacted, which could impair their ability to service any loans outstanding to them and/or reduce demand for loans. these factors could result in higher delinquencies and greater charge-offs in future periods, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
a systemic lack of available credit, a lack of confidence in the financial sector, volatility in the financial markets and/or reduced business activity could materially adversely affect bb&t's business, financial condition and results of operations.
potential downgrades of u.s. government securities by one or more of the credit ratings agencies could have a material adverse effect on bb&t's operations, earnings and financial condition.
a possible future downgrade of the sovereign credit ratings of the u.s. government and a decline in the perceived creditworthiness of u.s. government-related obligations could impact bb&t's ability to obtain funding that is collateralized by affected instruments, as well as affect the pricing of that funding when it is available. a downgrade may also adversely affect the market value of such instruments. bb&t cannot predict if, when or how any changes to the credit ratings or perceived creditworthiness of these organizations will affect economic conditions. such ratings actions could result in a significant adverse impact on bb&t. for example, bb&t's securities portfolio consists largely of mbs issued by gses, such as fhlmc and fnma. among other things, a further downgrade in the u.s. government's credit rating could adversely impact the value of these securities and may trigger requirements that the company post additional collateral for trades relative to these securities. a downgrade of the sovereign credit ratings of the u.s. government or the credit ratings of related institutions, agencies or instruments would significantly exacerbate the other risks to which bb&t is subject and any related adverse effects on the business, financial condition and results of operations.
the soundness of other financial institutions could adversely affect bb&t.
financial services institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty, or other relationships. bb&t has exposure to many different industries and counterparties, and bb&t and certain of its subsidiaries routinely execute transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, mutual and hedge funds and other institutions. many of these transactions expose bb&t to credit risk in the event of default of its counterparty. in addition, bb&t's credit risk may be exacerbated when collateral is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the loan or derivative exposure. these types of losses could materially and adversely affect bb&t's results of operations or financial condition.
tableofcontents liquidity risk bb&t's liquidity could be impaired by an inability to access the capital markets, an unforeseen outflow of cash or a reduction in the credit ratings for bb&t or its subsidiaries.
liquidity is essential to bb&t's businesses. when volatility or disruptions occur in the capital markets, bb&t's ability to access capital could be materially impaired. additionally, other factors outside of bb&t's control, such as a general market disruption or an operational problem that affects third parties, could impair bb&t's ability to access capital markets or create an unforeseen outflow of cash or deposits. bb&t's inability to access the capital markets could constrain its ability to make new loans, to meet its existing lending commitments and ultimately jeopardize its overall liquidity and capitalization.
bb&t's credit ratings are also important to its liquidity. rating agencies regularly evaluate bb&t and its subsidiaries, and their ratings are based on a number of factors, including the financial strength of bb&t and its subsidiaries, as well as factors not entirely within bb&t's control, including conditions affecting the financial services industry generally. as a result, there can be no assurance that bb&t will maintain its current ratings. a reduction in bb&t's credit ratings could adversely affect bb&t's liquidity and competitive position, increase its borrowing costs, limit its access to the capital markets or trigger unfavorable contractual obligations.
market risk turmoil and volatility in global financial markets could have a material adverse effect on bb&t's operations, earnings and financial condition.
the negative impact on economic conditions and global markets from foreign sovereign debt matters could adversely affect bb&t's business, financial condition and liquidity. global conflicts and political activity could cause turmoil and volatility in the financial markets, which could reduce the value of bb&t's assets or cause a reduction in liquidity that adversely impacts bb&t's financial condition and results of operations.
bb&t's businesses and earnings are affected by the fiscal and other policies adopted by various regulatory authorities of the u.s., non-u.s. governments and international agencies. the frb regulates the supply of money and credit in the u.s. the federal policies determine in large part the cost of funds for lending and investing and the return earned on those loans and investments. the market impact from such policies can also materially decrease the value of certain of bb&t's financial assets, most notably debt securities. changes in the federal policies are beyond bb&t's control and, consequently, the impact of these changes on bb&t's activities and results of operations is difficult to predict.
changes in interest rates may have an adverse effect on bb&t's profitability.
bb&t's earnings and financial condition are largely dependent on net interest income, which is the difference between interest earned from loans and investments and interest paid on deposits and borrowings. the narrowing of interest rate spreads could adversely affect bb&t's earnings and financial condition. bb&t cannot control or predict with certainty changes in interest rates. regional and local economic conditions, competitive pressures and the policies of regulatory authorities, including monetary policies of the frb, affect interest income and interest expense. as discussed in "market risk management - interest rate market risk (other than trading)," bb&t has ongoing policies and procedures designed to manage the risks associated with changes in market interest rates. however, changes in interest rates still may have an adverse effect on bb&t's profitability. for example, rising interest rates could adversely affect bb&t's mortgage banking business because higher interest rates could cause customers to apply for fewer mortgages. similarly, rising interest rates may increase the cost of bb&t's deposits, which are a primary source of funding. bb&t is also subject to the risk of a negative interest rate scenario, which implies that a depositor would pay a premium for a financial institution to hold funds on deposit. in such a scenario, some depositors may choose to withdraw their deposits in lieu of paying an interest rate to bb&t to hold such deposits. negative rates would also diminish the spreads on loans and securities. this scenario could have a material adverse effect on bb&t's financial condition and results of operations. while bb&t actively manages against these risks through hedging and other risk mitigation strategies, if bb&t's assumptions regarding borrower behavior are wrong or overall economic conditions are significantly different than anticipated, the company's risk mitigation techniques may be insufficient.
loss of deposits or a change in deposit mix could increase the company's funding costs.
deposits are a low cost and stable source of funding. bb&t competes with banks and other financial institutions for deposits. funding costs may increase because the company may lose deposits and replace them with more expensive sources of funding, clients may shift their deposits into higher cost products or the company may need to raise its interest rates to avoid losing deposits. higher funding costs reduce the company's nim, net interest income and net income.
tableofcontents operational risk bb&t faces cybersecurity risks, including "denial of service attacks," "hacking" and "identity theft" that could result in the disclosure of confidential information, adversely affect bb&t's business or reputation and create significant legal and financial exposure.
bb&t's computer systems and network infrastructure are subject to security risks and could be susceptible to cyber attacks, such as denial of service attacks, hacking, terrorist activities or identity theft. financial services institutions and companies engaged in data processing have reported breaches in the security of their websites or other systems, some of which have involved sophisticated and targeted attacks intended to obtain unauthorized access to confidential information, destroy data, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems, often through the introduction of computer viruses or malware, cyber attacks and other means. denial of service attacks have been launched against a number of large financial services institutions, including bb&t. none of these events resulted in a breach of bb&t's client data or account information; however, the performance of bb&t's website, www.bbt.com, was adversely affected, and in some instances customers were prevented from accessing bb&t's website. bb&t expects to be subject to similar attacks in the future. while events to date primarily resulted in inconvenience, future cyber attacks could be more disruptive and damaging. hacking and identity theft risks, in particular, could cause serious reputational harm. cyber threats are rapidly evolving and bb&t may not be able to anticipate or prevent all such attacks. bb&t may incur increasing costs in an effort to minimize these risks and could be held liable for any security breach or loss.
despite efforts to ensure the integrity of its systems, bb&t will not be able to anticipate all security breaches of these types, and bb&t may not be able to implement effective preventive measures against such security breaches. the techniques used by cyber criminals change frequently and can originate from a wide variety of sources, including outside groups such as external service providers, organized crime affiliates, terrorist organizations or hostile foreign governments. those parties may also attempt to fraudulently induce employees, customers or other users of bb&t's systems to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to its data or that of its clients. these risks may increase in the future as the company continues to increase its mobile-payment and other internet-based product offerings and expands its internal usage of web-based products and applications.
a successful penetration or circumvention of system security could cause serious negative consequences to bb&t, including disruption of operations, misappropriation of confidential information of bb&t or its customers, or damage to computer systems of bb&t or its customers and counterparties. a security breach could result in violations of applicable privacy and other laws, financial loss to bb&t or to its customers, loss of confidence in bb&t's security measures, significant litigation exposure, and harm to bb&t's reputation, all of which could have a material adverse effect.
bb&t relies on its employees, systems and certain counterparties, and certain failures could materially adversely affect operations.
bb&t's business is dependent on the ability to process, record and monitor a large number of complex transactions. the company could be materially adversely affected if one or more of its employees causes a significant operational breakdown or failure, either as a result of human error or intentionally. financial, accounting, or other data processing systems may fail or have other significant shortcomings that materially adversely affect bb&t's business. bb&t's systems may not be able to handle certain scenarios, such as a negative interest rate environment. in addition, products, services and processes are continually changing and bb&t may not fully identify new operational risks that may arise from such changes. any of these occurrences could diminish the ability to operate one or more bus or result in potential liability to clients, increased operating expenses, higher litigation costs (including fines and sanctions), reputational damage, regulatory intervention or weaker competitive standing, any of which could be material to the company.
if personal, confidential or proprietary information of clients were to be mishandled or misused, significant regulatory consequences, reputational damage and financial loss could occur. such mishandling or misuse could include circumstances where, for example, such information was erroneously provided to parties who are not permitted to have the information, either through the fault of systems, employees, or counterparties, or where such information was intercepted or otherwise inappropriately taken by third parties.
tableofcontents bb&t may be subject to disruptions of its operating systems arising from events that are wholly or partially beyond its control, which may include, for example, security breaches; electrical or telecommunications outages; failures of computer servers or other damage to property or assets; natural disasters; health emergencies or pandemics; or events arising from political events, including terrorist acts. there can be no assurance that disaster recovery or other plans will fully mitigate all potential business continuity risks. any failures or disruptions of systems or operations could impact bb&t's ability to service its clients, which could adversely affect bb&t's results of operations by subjecting bb&t to losses, litigation, regulatory fines or penalties or by requiring the expenditure of significant resources to correct the failure or disruption.
significant litigation could have a material adverse effect on bb&t.
bb&t faces legal risks in its business, and the volume of claims and amount of damages and penalties claimed in litigation and regulatory proceedings against financial institutions remains high. substantial legal liability or significant regulatory action against bb&t may have material adverse financial effects or cause significant reputational harm to bb&t, which in turn could seriously harm bb&t's business prospects.
bb&t faces significant operational and other risks related to its activities, which could expose it to negative publicity, litigation and/or regulatory action.
bb&t is exposed to many types of risks, including operational, reputational, legal and compliance risk, the risk of fraud or theft by employees or outsiders (including identity and information theft), unauthorized transactions by employees or operational errors, including clerical or record-keeping errors or those resulting from faulty or disabled computer or telecommunications systems. negative public opinion can result from bb&t's actual or alleged conduct in any number of activities, including lending practices, corporate governance and acquisitions, activities related to asset sales and balance sheet management and from actions taken by government regulators and community organizations in response to those activities. negative public opinion can adversely affect bb&t's ability to attract and keep customers and can expose it to litigation and regulatory action.
because the nature of the financial services business involves a high volume of transactions, certain errors may be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and successfully rectified. bb&t's necessary dependence upon automated systems to record and process its transaction volume may further increase the risk that technical flaws or employee tampering or manipulation of those systems will result in losses that are difficult to detect. bb&t also may be subject to disruptions of its operating systems arising from events that are wholly or partially beyond its control (for example, computer viruses or electrical or telecommunications outages), which may give rise to disruption of service to customers and to financial loss or liability. bb&t is further exposed to the risk that its external vendors may be unable to fulfill their contractual obligations (or will be subject to the same risk of fraud or operational errors by their respective employees as is bb&t) and to the risk that bb&t's (or its vendors') business continuity and data security systems prove to be inadequate.
bb&t relies on other companies to provide certain key components of its business infrastructure.
third party vendors provide certain key components of bb&t's business infrastructure such as internet connections, network access and mutual fund distribution. while bb&t has selected these third party vendors carefully, it does not control their operations. any failure by these third parties to perform or provide agreed upon goods and services for any reason, or their poor performance of services, could adversely affect bb&t's ability to deliver products and services to its customers and otherwise conduct its business. replacing these third party vendors could also entail significant delay and expense.
bb&t may not be able to successfully integrate bank or nonbank mergers and acquisitions.
difficulties may arise in the integration of the business and operations of bhcs, banks and other nonbank entities bb&t acquires and, as a result, bb&t may not be able to achieve the cost savings and synergies that it expects will result from such transactions. achieving cost savings is dependent on consolidating certain operational and functional areas, eliminating duplicative positions and terminating certain agreements for outside services. additional operational savings are dependent upon the integration of the acquired or merged entity's businesses with bb&t or one of bb&t's subsidiaries, the conversion of core operating systems, data systems and products and the standardization of business practices. complications or difficulties in the conversion of core operating systems, data systems and products may result in the loss of customers, damage to bb&t's reputation within the financial services industry, operational problems, one-time costs currently not anticipated or reduced cost savings resulting from such mergers or acquisitions. annual cost savings in each such transaction may be materially less than anticipated if the holding company, bank merger or nonbank merger or acquisition is delayed unexpectedly, the integration of operations is delayed beyond what is anticipated or the conversion to a single set of data systems is not accomplished on a timely basis.
tableofcontents difficulty in integrating an acquired company may prevent bb&t from realizing expected revenue increases, cost savings, increases in geographic or product presence and/or other projected benefits from the acquisition. the integration could result in higher than expected deposit attrition, loss of key employees, disruption of bb&t's businesses or the businesses of the acquired company, or otherwise adversely affect bb&t's ability to maintain relationships with customers and employees or achieve the anticipated benefits of the acquisition. also, the negative effect of any divestitures required by regulatory authorities in acquisitions or business combinations may be greater than expected. as a result of these and other factors, bb&t could incur losses on acquired assets and increased expenses resulting from the failure to successfully integrate an acquired company, which could adversely impact its financial condition or results of operations.
bb&t may not be able to successfully implement future information technology system enhancements, which could adversely affect bb&t's business operations and profitability.
bb&t invests significant resources in information technology system enhancements in order to provide functionality and security at an appropriate level. bb&t may not be able to successfully implement and integrate future system enhancements, which could adversely impact the ability to provide timely and accurate financial information in compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, which could result in sanctions from regulatory authorities. such sanctions could include fines and suspension of trading in bb&t stock, among others. in addition, future system enhancements could have higher than expected costs and/or result in operating inefficiencies, which could increase the costs associated with the implementation as well as ongoing operations.
failure to properly utilize system enhancements that are implemented in the future could result in impairment charges that adversely impact bb&t's financial condition and results of operations and could result in significant costs to remediate or replace the defective components. in addition, bb&t may incur significant training, licensing, maintenance, consulting and amortization expenses during and after systems implementations, and any such costs may continue for an extended period of time.
strategic and other risk bb&t may experience significant competition from new or existing competitors, which may reduce its customer base or cause it to lower prices for its products and services in order to maintain market share.
there is intense competition among commercial banks in bb&t's market area. in addition, bb&t competes with other providers of financial services, such as savings and loan associations, credit unions, consumer finance companies, securities firms, insurance companies, commercial finance and leasing companies, the mutual funds industry, full-service brokerage firms and discount brokerage firms, some of which are subject to less extensive regulations than bb&t is with respect to the products and services they provide. bb&t's success depends, in part, on its ability to adapt its products and services to evolving industry standards and customer expectations. there is increasing pressure to provide products and services at lower prices. lower prices can reduce bb&t's nim and revenues from its fee-based products and services.
in addition, the adoption of new technologies by competitors, including internet banking services, mobile phone applications and advanced atm functionality could require bb&t to make substantial expenditures to modify or adapt its existing products and services. also, these and other capital investments in bb&t's business may not produce expected growth in earnings anticipated at the time of the expenditure. bb&t may not be successful in introducing new products and services, achieving market acceptance of its products and services, anticipating or reacting to consumers' changing technological preferences or developing and maintaining loyal customers. in addition, bb&t could lose market share to the shadow banking system or other non-traditional banking organizations.
some of bb&t's larger competitors, including certain national banks that have a significant presence in bb&t's market area, may have greater capital and resources than bb&t, may have higher lending limits and may offer products and services not offered by bb&t. any potential adverse reactions to bb&t's financial condition or status in the marketplace, as compared to its competitors, could limit bb&t's ability to attract and retain customers and to compete for new business opportunities. the inability to attract and retain customers or to effectively compete for new business may have a material and adverse effect on bb&t's financial condition and results of operations.
tableofcontents bb&t also experiences competition from nonbank companies inside and outside of its market area and, in some cases, from companies other than those traditionally considered financial sector participants. in particular, technology companies have begun to focus on the financial sector and offer software and products primarily over the internet, with an increasing focus on mobile device delivery. these companies generally are not subject to the comparable regulatory burdens as financial institutions and may accordingly realize certain cost savings and offer products and services at more favorable rates and with greater convenience to the customer. for example, a number of companies offer bill pay and funds transfer services that allow customers to avoid using a bank. technology companies are generally positioned and structured to quickly adapt to technological advances and directly focus resources on implementing those advances. this competition could result in the loss of fee income and customer deposits and related income. in addition, changes in consumer spending and saving habits could adversely affect bb&t's operations, and the company may be unable to develop competitive and timely new products and services in response. as the pace of technology and change advance, continuous innovation is expected to exert long-term pressure on the financial services industry.
bb&t may not be able to complete future acquisitions.
bb&t must generally satisfy a number of meaningful conditions before it can complete an acquisition of another bank or bhc, including federal and/or state regulatory approvals. in determining whether to approve a proposed bank or bhc acquisition, bank regulators will consider, among other factors, the effect of the acquisition on competition, financial condition and future prospects, including current and projected capital ratios and levels, the competence, experience and integrity of management and record of compliance with laws and regulations, the convenience and needs of the communities to be served, including the acquiring institution's record of compliance under the cra, the effectiveness of the acquiring institution in combating money laundering activities and protests from various stakeholders of both bb&t and its acquisition partner. also, under the dodd-frank act, u.s. regulators must now take systemic risk into account when evaluating whether to approve a potential acquisition transaction involving a large financial institution like bb&t. bb&t cannot be certain when or if, or on what terms and conditions, any required regulatory approvals will be granted. in specific cases, bb&t may be required to sell banks or branches, or take other actions as a condition to receiving regulatory approval. an inability to satisfy other conditions necessary to consummate an acquisition transaction, such as third-party litigation, a judicial order blocking the transaction or lack of shareholder approval, could also prevent bb&t from completing an announced acquisition.
the occurrence of catastrophic events such as hurricanes, tropical storms, tornados, winter storms and other large scale catastrophes could adversely affect bb&t's consolidated financial condition or results of operations. bb&t has operations and customers along the gulf and atlantic coasts as well as other parts of the southeastern united states, which could be adversely impacted by hurricanes and other severe weather in those regions. unpredictable natural and other disasters could have an adverse effect on bb&t in that such events could materially disrupt its operations or the ability or willingness of its customers to access the financial services offered by bb&t. although bb&t carries insurance to mitigate its exposure to certain catastrophic events, these events could nevertheless reduce bb&t's earnings and cause volatility in its financial results for any fiscal quarter or year and have a material adverse effect on bb&t's financial condition and/or results of operations.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations executive overview overview of significant events and financial results net income available to common shareholders totaled $1.9 billion for 2015, a 2.4% decline from the prior year. on a diluted per common share basis, earnings for 2015 were $2.56, compared to $2.72 for 2014. bb&t's results of operations for 2015 produced a return on average assets of 1.08% and a return on average common shareholders' equity of 8.34% compared to prior year ratios of 1.19% and 9.32%, respectively. these results include merger-related and restructuring charges of $165 million for 2015, which reflects current year acquisition activity, compared to $46 million for 2014. net interest income and noninterest income were both higher following the current year acquisition activity. noninterest expense was higher due to increases in headcount and locations, primarily the result of the acquisitions, and the provision for credit losses increased after an allowance release in the prior year.
effective january 1, 2015, bb&t adopted new guidance related to the accounting for investments in qualified affordable housing projects. for periods prior to january 1, 2015, amortization expense related to qualifying investments in low income housing tax credits was reclassified from other income to provision for income taxes, and the amount of amortization and tax benefits recognized was revised as a result of the adoption of the proportional amortization method. see note 14 "commitments and contingencies" for additional information.
during 2015, bb&t acquired susquehanna bancshares, inc., which provided $18.3 billion in assets, $14.1 billion in deposits and 245 branches in pennsylvania, new jersey, west virginia and maryland. bb&t also acquired the bank of kentucky financial corporation, which provided $2.0 billion in assets, $1.6 billion in deposits and 32 branches in the northern kentucky/cincinnati market, and completed the purchase of 41 retail branches in texas, providing $1.9 billion in deposits. additionally, bb&t reached an agreement to acquire national penn bancshares, inc., which had $9.6 billion in assets, $6.7 billion in deposits and 124 branches in pennsylvania, new jersey and maryland as of december 31, 2015.
industry-wide sustained low interest rates represented a significant challenge for the company during 2015 and for the past several years. from a nim perspective, the negative impact associated with lower yields on loans and securities was partially mitigated by a decrease in funding costs from 0.65% to 0.60%, primarily driven by a decline in the cost of interest-bearing deposits and the early extinguishment of certain higher-cost fhlb advances during 2015 and 2014.
the provision for credit losses was $428 million, compared to $251 million for the prior year. this increase reflects the stabilization in the rate of credit improvement and prior year loan sales that generated gains through the release of the related alll.
asset quality improved significantly during 2015 as npas declined $70 million, or 9.0%, compared to 2014. this decline included a $40 million decrease in npls primarily due to continuing strong asset quality within commercial lending, and a $30 million decrease in foreclosed real estate and other property. net charge-offs for 2015 were $436 million, compared to $538 million for the prior year. the ratio of the alll to net charge-offs was 3.36x for 2015, compared to 2.74x in 2014.
noninterest expense increased $414 million primarily due to higher personnel expense and merger-related and restructuring charges, both of which were primarily the result of acquisition activity. these increases were partially offset by lower loan-related and other expense as the prior year included $118 million of charges related to the fha-insured loan origination process.
during 2015, the u.s. court of appeals overturned a portion of an earlier ruling related to tax benefits previously disallowed in connection with a financing transaction that resulted in the recognition of income tax benefits of $107 million.
tableofcontents bb&t's total assets at december 31, 2015 were $209.9 billion, an increase of $23.1 billion compared to december 31, 2014. this includes a $15.7 billion increase in loans and leases due to acquisitions and organic growth. commercial and industrial loans were up $7.0 billion, cre-income producing properties loans were up $2.7 billion and direct retail lending loans were up $3.0 billion. mortgage loans declined $557 million due to management's continuing decision to sell substantially all conforming mortgage loan production and the impact of certain npl sales, partially offset by acquisition activity. afs securities totaled $25.3 billion at december 31, 2015, compared to $20.9 billion at december 31, 2014. htm securities were $18.5 billion at december 31, 2015 compared to $20.2 billion in the prior year. goodwill, cdi and other intangible assets were also higher as the result of acquisitions.
total deposits at december 31, 2015 were $149.1 billion, an increase of $20.1 billion from the prior year. noninterest-bearing deposits increased $6.9 billion, interest checking increased $5.1 billion and money market and savings increased $9.9 billion. time deposits declined $1.8 billion. the overall growth in lower-cost deposits reflects acquisition activity and continued organic growth. the average cost of interest-bearing deposits for 2015 was 0.24%, a decline of two basis points compared to the prior year.
total shareholders' equity increased $3.0 billion, or 12.2%, compared to the prior year. this increase was primarily driven by net income in excess of dividends totaling $1.2 billion, combined with common stock issued in connection with acquisitions. bb&t's tier 1 risk-based capital and total risk-based capital ratios at december 31, 2015 were 11.8% and 14.3%, respectively, compared to 12.4% and 14.9% at december 31, 2014, respectively. common equity tier 1 was 10.3% at december 31, 2015.
key challenges bb&t's business has become more dynamic and complex in recent years. consequently, management has annually evaluated and, as necessary, adjusted the company's business strategy in the context of the current operating environment. during this process, management considers the current financial condition and performance of the company and its expectations for future economic activity from both a national and local market perspective. the achievement of bb&t's key strategic objectives and established long-term financial goals is subject to many uncertainties and challenges. in the opinion of management, the challenges that are most relevant and likely to have a near term impact on performance are presented below:
路   intense competition within the financial services industry given the challenge in growing assets during a period of sustained low interest rates.
路   global economic and geopolitical risk, including potential financial system instability and ramifications of sovereign debt issues.
路   cost and risk associated with regulatory reform and initiatives and it projects.
in addition, certain other challenges and unforeseen events could have a near term impact on bb&t's financial condition and results of operations. see the section titled "forward-looking statements" for additional examples of such challenges.
net interest income and nim net interest income is bb&t's primary source of revenue. net interest income is influenced by a number of factors, including the volume, mix and maturity of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities and the interest rates earned and paid thereon. the difference between rates earned on interest-earning assets and the cost of funds (with a fte adjustment made to tax-exempt items to provide comparability with taxable items) is measured by the nim.
for 2015, net interest income on a fte basis totaled $5.7 billion, an increase of $221 million or 4.0% compared to the prior year. the increase reflects higher interest income due to acquisitions and organic loan growth, partially offset by lower yields on new loans and securities and runoff in the loan portfolio acquired from the fdic. interest expense declined, reflecting lower rates and improvement in the mix of funding sources. the average cost of interest-bearing deposits declined two basis points to 0.24%, reflecting reductions in time deposits and growth in interest checking and money market and savings. the average cost of long-term debt declined from 2.36% to 2.13%, primarily due to the early extinguishment of $2.0 billion of higher-cost fhlb advances during the last two years.
the fte-adjusted nim is the primary measure used in evaluating the gross profit margin from the portfolios of earning assets. the fte-adjusted nim was 3.32% in 2015 compared with 3.42% in 2014. the decline in the nim reflects lower yields on loans and securities, partially offset by the lower funding costs described above. the average annualized fte yield for total loans and leases was 4.26% for 2015, compared to 4.42% for the prior year. the decrease was primarily due to lower yields on new loan originations and the runoff of higher yielding loans acquired from the fdic, partially offset by acquisition impact. the fte yield on the total securities portfolio was 2.36% for the year ended december 31, 2015, compared to 2.45% for the prior year.
the average rate paid on interest-bearing deposits for 2015 dropped to 0.24%, from 0.26% in 2014. this improvement was driven by changes in mix, with time deposits representing a lower percentage of interest-bearing deposits at december 31, 2015.
for 2014, net interest income on a fte basis totaled $5.5 billion, a decrease of $245 million or 4.3% compared to the prior year. the decrease in net interest income reflects lower yields on new loans and securities and runoff in the loan portfolio acquired from the fdic, partially offset by lower funding costs, which declined $123 million compared to 2013. the improvement in funding costs reflects a six basis point reduction in the average cost of interest-bearing deposits due to improved mix and a 67 basis point reduction in the average cost of long-term debt primarily due to the early extinguishment of $1.1 billion of higher-cost fhlb advances during the third quarter and lower rates on new issuances.
the fte-adjusted nim was 3.42% in 2014 compared with 3.68% in 2013. the decline in the nim reflects lower yields on loans and securities, partially offset by the lower funding costs described above. the average annualized fte yield for total loans and leases was 4.42% for 2014, compared to 4.85% for the prior year. the decrease was primarily due to lower yields on new loan originations and the runoff of higher yielding loans acquired from the fdic. the fte yield on the total securities portfolio was 2.45% for the year ended december 31, 2014, compared to 2.51% for the prior year.
the average rate paid on interest-bearing deposits for 2014 dropped to 0.26%, from 0.32% in 2013. this improvement was driven by an 18 basis point reduction in the cost of time deposits.
the following table sets forth the major components of net interest income and the related yields and rates, as well as the variances between the periods caused by changes in interest rates versus changes in volumes. changes attributable to the mix of assets and liabilities have been allocated proportionally between the changes due to rate and the changes due to volume.
assets total securities, at amortized cost: (2)
states and political subdivisions                                                         1,913                  1,827                  1,836        5.62              5.78              5.80                       108                 106                 107                     2                 (3)                  5                   (1)                   -                 (1)
total securities                                                            42,103                 40,541                 36,772        2.36              2.45              2.51                       994                 993                 924                     1                (16)                 17                    69                  26                  43
revolving credit                                                                          2,406                  2,385                  2,303        8.76              8.70              8.56                       211                 208                 197                     3                   1                  2                    11                   3                   8
liabilities and shareholders' equity interest-bearing deposits:
time deposits                                                                            16,405                 22,569                 26,006        0.66              0.67              0.85                       107                 151                 221                  (44)                 (2)               (42)                  (70)                (43)                (27)
foreign office deposits - interest-bearing                                       593                               722                    672        0.12              0.07              0.08                         1                   1                   1                     -                   -                  -                     -                   -                   -
total interest-bearing deposits                                             95,682                 91,750                 94,623        0.24              0.26              0.32                       233                 239                 301                   (6)                  22               (28)                  (62)                (36)                (26)
total interest-bearing liabilities                                         122,246                117,381                118,383        0.60              0.65              0.75                       735                 769                 892                  (34)                (32)                (2)                 (123)               (176)                  53
noninterest-bearing deposits                                                42,816                 37,327                 33,932
other liabilities                                                            6,414                  6,433                  7,107
shareholders' equity                                                        25,871                 23,954                 21,860
total liabilities and shareholders' equity            $197,347                     $185,095               $181,282
(2)         total securities include afs and htm securities at amortized cost.
(3)         includes federal funds sold, securities purchased under resale agreements or similar arrangements, interest-bearing deposits with banks, trading securities, fhlb stock and other earning assets.
tableofcontents provision for credit losses
the provision for credit losses was $428 million in 2015, an increase of $177 million compared to the prior year. the increase in the provision for credit losses reflects allowance releases on loan sales in the prior year and stabilization in credit trends after an extended period of improvements. the ratio of the alll to net charge-offs was 3.36x for 2015, compared to 2.74x for 2014. during the prior year, loan sales resulted in a combined $66 million in gains recognized through the release of the alll.
net charge-offs were 0.35% of average loans and leases held for investment for 2015, compared to 0.46% of average loans and leases held for investment during 2014. net charge-offs declined $102 million, or 19.0%, with improvement across several loan portfolios led by commercial and industrial loans, which declined $45 million, and residential mortgage-nonguaranteed, which declined $38 million.
the provision for credit losses was $251 million in 2014, a decrease of $341 million compared to the prior year. the decrease in the provision for credit losses reflects continued improvement in credit trends and outlook, as net charge-offs in 2014 decreased 32.1% compared to the prior year. improving credit conditions also resulted in an increase in the ratio of the alll to net charge-offs, which increased to 2.74x for 2014, compared to 2.19x for 2013.
during 2014, approximately $550 million of residential mortgage loans that were primarily performing tdrs and approximately $140 million of residential mortgage loans that were primarily nonperforming were sold at a pre-tax gain of $42 million and $24 million, respectively. both of these gains were recognized as a reduction to the provision for credit losses.
net charge-offs were 0.46% of average loans and leases held for investment for 2014, compared to 0.69% of average loans and leases held for investment during 2013. net charge-offs declined $254 million, or 32.1%, with improvement across most loan portfolios led by commercial and industrial loans, which declined $112 million compared to 2013. net charge-offs in other lending subsidiaries were $15 million higher primarily due to a process change that resulted in the accelerated recognition of charge-offs in the nonprime automobile lending portfolio.
noninterest income noninterest income is a significant contributor to bb&t's financial results. management focuses on diversifying its sources of revenue to further reduce bb&t's reliance on traditional spread-based interest income, as certain fee-based activities are a relatively stable revenue source during periods of changing interest rates.
service charges on deposits                                         631                632                619         (0.2)                     2.1
securities gains (losses), net                                      (3)                (3)                 51             -                 (105.9)
fdic loss share income improved by $90 million, primarily due to a $58 million reduction in negative accretion related to credit losses on covered loans and a $20 million change in the offset to the provision for covered loans. see "acquired from the fdic and fdic loss share receivable/payable" for additional information.
other income totaled $326 million for 2015, a decline of $23 million from 2014. this decline is primarily due to the $26 million loss on sale of american coastal during the second quarter of 2015 and $18 million of lower income related to assets for certain post-employment benefits (which is offset in personnel expense). these declines were partially offset by higher partnerships and other investment income, which was the result of an opportunistic sale that resulted in a $28 million gain during the third quarter of 2015.
noninterest income was $3.9 billion for 2014, compared to $4.0 billion for 2013. this decrease was driven by declines in mortgage banking income, fdic loss share income, net securities gains and other income, partially offset by growth in insurance income.
income from bb&t's insurance agency/brokerage operations was the largest source of noninterest income in 2014. insurance income was $1.6 billion, up $126 million compared to 2013, as increased volume and improving market conditions drove broad-based increases across the insurance business. this growth was led by a $95 million increase in property and casualty commissions and a $17 million increase in contingent insurance commissions.
tableofcontents mortgage banking income totaled $395 million in 2014, a decrease of $170 million compared to the prior year. the decrease in mortgage banking income includes a $182 million decrease in residential mortgage production revenues primarily due to decreases in the volume and margins on loan sales, which have come under pressure due to increased competition and sustained low interest rates. the decline also reflects an $18 million reduction in fees primarily due to a reduction in volume. these declines were partially offset by increased servicing income due to a larger servicing portfolio as well as an increase in derivative income.
net securities gains declined $54 million as the prior year contained a $46 million gain on the sale of gnma securities. fdic loss share income, net, was $50 million worse than 2013, primarily due to a $29 million change in the offset to the provision for covered loans, which was a benefit in 2014 due to improved credit quality on the acquired loans.
trust and investment advisory revenues increased $21 million to a record $221 million, primarily the result of higher investment advisory revenues during the current year. other income decreased $96 million in 2014, primarily due to a $31 million gain on the sale of a consumer lending subsidiary in 2013, a $24 million decrease in income from assets related to certain post-employment benefits, which is offset in personnel expense, and an $8 million decrease in letter of credit fees. these declines and other smaller declines were partially offset by a $19 million increase in leasing income.
outside it services                                           135              115               89          17.4                   29.2
personnel expense is the largest component of noninterest expense and includes salaries, wages and incentives, as well as pension and other employee benefit costs. personnel expense totaled $3.5 billion, a $289 million increase compared to 2014. this increase was driven by a $114 million increase in salaries, which was primarily due to additional headcount from acquisitions. personnel expense also increased due to a $74 million increase in pension expense that reflects higher amortization, service and interest costs, partially offset by the estimated return on higher plan assets. additionally, personnel expense reflects a $50 million increase in employee medical and insurance benefits and a $32 million increase in incentives.
merger-related and restructuring charges totaled $165 million, an increase of $119 million compared to 2014. this increase was primarily related to the susquehanna acquisition, with additional amounts related to the bank of kentucky and the planned acquisition of national penn.
loss on early extinguishment of debt was $172 million for 2015, compared to $122 million for 2014. the combined debt extinguishments for the two years totaled $2.0 billion of fhlb advances with a weighted average interest rate of 4.5%.
tableofcontents occupancy and equipment expense totaled $708 million for 2015, compared to $682 million for 2014. the increase reflects the acquisition activity occurring during the year.
personnel expense totaled $3.2 billion, a decrease of $113 million compared to 2013. this decline was driven by a $110 million reduction in qualified pension plan expense, primarily due to a higher expected return on plan assets and a change in the actuarial discount rate used to determine the projected benefit obligation as of the beginning of the year that resulted in reduced amortization expense during 2014.
professional services expense totaled $139 million, a decrease of $50 million compared to the prior year. this decrease was driven by a reduction in legal fees as well as services associated with regulatory initiatives. regulatory charges totaled $106 million for 2014, a decline of $37 million compared to 2013, which primarily reflects a reduction in fdic insurance due to long-term debt issuances and improved credit conditions.
outside it services totaled $115 million during 2014, compared to $89 million for 2013. this increase was due to third-party costs associated with the new erp and commercial loan systems.
a loss on early extinguishment of debt of $122 million was recorded during 2014 in connection with the early termination of $1.1 billion of higher cost fhlb advances. the transaction occurred during the third quarter of 2014 and had a beneficial impact to net interest income for the remainder of the year.
other expense was $890 million for 2014, an increase of $72 million compared to 2013. during june 2014, bb&t received notice from the hud-oig that bb&t had been selected for an audit/survey to assess bb&t's compliance with fha loan origination and quality control requirements. in late 2014 and in 2015, bb&t received subpoenas from the hud-oig and the department of justice seeking additional information regarding its lending practices in connection with loans insured by the fha. bb&t is cooperating with the investigation. while the outcome of the investigation is unknown and neither the department of justice nor the hud-oig has asserted any claims, similar reviews and related matters with other financial institutions have resulted in cash settlements and other remedial actions. bb&t identified a potential exposure related to losses incurred by the fha on defaulted loans that ranges from $25 million to $105 million and recognized an $85 million charge during 2014. the income statement impact of this adjustment was included in other expense on the consolidated statements of lncome. the ultimate resolution of this matter is uncertain and the estimates of this exposure are subject to the application of significant judgment and therefore cannot be predicted with certainty at this time.
the increase in other expense also includes a $17 million increase in depreciation related to operating leases. these increases were partially offset by a $15 million favorable franchise tax adjustment and a decline in expense due to the prior year $11 million write-down of owned real estate.
merger-related and restructuring charges bb&t has incurred certain merger-related and restructuring charges, which are reflected in bb&t's consolidated statements of income as a category of noninterest expense. merger-related and restructuring expenses or credits include:
路   severance and personnel-related costs or credits, which typically occur in corporate support and data processing functions;
路   occupancy and equipment charges or credits, which relate to costs or gains associated with lease terminations, obsolete equipment write-offs and the sale of duplicate facilities and equipment;
路   systems conversion and related charges, which represent costs to integrate the acquired entity's information technology systems; and
路                      other merger-related and restructuring charges or credits, which include expenses necessary to convert and combine the acquired branches and operations of merged companies, direct media advertising related to the acquisitions, asset and supply inventory write-offs, and other similar charges.
merger-related and restructuring accruals are established when the costs are incurred or once all requirements for a plan to dispose of certain business functions have been approved by management. in general, a major portion of accrued costs are utilized in conjunction with or immediately following the systems conversion, when most of the duplicate positions are eliminated and the terminated employees begin to receive severance. other accruals are utilized over time based on the sale, closing or disposal of duplicate facilities or equipment or the expiration of lease contracts. merger and restructuring accruals are re-evaluated periodically and adjusted as necessary. the remaining accruals at december 31, 2015 are generally expected to be utilized within one year, unless they relate to specific contracts that expire later.
the following table presents a summary of activity with respect to merger-related and restructuring accruals:
merger-related and restructuring accrual activity year ended december 31, 2015
provision for income taxes bb&t's provision for income taxes totaled $794 million, $921 million and $1.6 billion for 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. bb&t's effective tax rates for the years ended 2015, 2014 and 2013 were 27.2%, 29.5% and 47.3%, respectively. the changes in the effective tax rates during 2015, 2014 and 2013 were primarily due to adjustments for uncertain tax positions as discussed below.
during 2010, bb&t received an irs statutory notice of deficiency for tax years 2002-2007 asserting a liability for taxes, penalties and interest of approximately $892 million related to the disallowance of foreign tax credits and other deductions claimed by a subsidiary in connection with a financing transaction. bb&t paid the disputed tax, penalties and interest during 2010 and filed a lawsuit seeking a refund in the u.s. court of federal claims. during 2013, the court denied the refund claim, and bb&t recorded $516 million of income tax charges. bb&t appealed the decision to the u.s. court of appeals for the federal circuit. on may 14, 2015, the appeals court overturned a portion of the earlier ruling, resulting in the recognition of income tax benefits of $107 million during the second quarter of 2015. the remainder of the decision was affirmed. on september 29, 2015, bb&t filed a petition requesting the case be heard by the u.s. supreme court, which has not rendered a decision on whether it will hear the case.
bb&t has extended credit to and invested in the obligations of states and municipalities and their agencies and has made other investments and loans that produce tax-exempt income. the income generated from these investments, together with certain other transactions that have favorable tax treatment, have reduced bb&t's overall effective tax rate from the statutory rate in all periods presented.
refer to note 12 "income taxes" in the "notes to consolidated financial statements" for a reconciliation of the effective tax rate to the statutory tax rate and a discussion of uncertain tax positions and other tax matters.
tableofcontents segment results see note 20 "operating segments" in the "notes to consolidated financial statements" herein for additional disclosures related to bb&t's operating segments, the internal accounting and reporting practices used to manage these segments and financial disclosures for these segments.
community banking community banking had a network of 2,139 banking offices at the end of 2015, an increase of 300 offices compared to december 31, 2014. the increase in offices was primarily driven by the acquisition of 41 branches in texas, 32 branches with the acquisition of the bank of kentucky and 245 branches with the acquisition of susquehanna bancshares, partially offset by the consolidation of nearby financial centers and the closure of certain lower volume branches within the bb&t branch network.
community banking net income was $978 million in 2015, an increase of $68 million, or 7.5%, compared to 2014. net income results include the impact of the current year acquisitions as described previously.
segment net interest income increased $159 million to $3.1 billion, primarily driven by growth in commercial loans and direct retail loans due to organic growth and the acquisitions, partially offset by lower interest rates on new loans and lower funding spreads on deposits.
noninterest income decreased $18 million driven by lower service charges on deposits, international factoring commissions and letter of credit fees. intersegment net referral fee income increased $15 million driven by higher loan referrals to the residential mortgage banking segment and higher capital markets referrals to the financial services segment.
the allocated provision for credit losses decreased $56 million as a result of lower commercial and retail loan net charge-offs. noninterest expense increased $89 million driven by higher salary, incentive, pension and franchise tax expense as well as higher merger-related charges. the increase in salary expense reflects the acquisition activity. allocated corporate expense increased $21 million driven by internal business initiatives.
segment net interest income decreased $46 million to $452 million, primarily the result of lower loans hfi balances reflecting the current strategy of selling substantially all conforming mortgage loan production, partially offset by higher credit spreads. noninterest income increased $45 million, driven by higher gains on residential mortgage loan production and sales and an increase in net msr income, primarily due to improved msr hedging results.
the allocated provision for credit losses reflected a charge of $9 million in 2015, compared to a benefit of $107 million in 2014, partially attributable to stabilization in the rate of improvement in credit trends. earlier period results reflect the impact of loan sales that generated a combined $66 million in gains through the release of the related alll. noninterest expense decreased $184 million, primarily due to prior-year adjustments totaling $118 million relating to the previously discussed fha-insured loan exposures and a $27 million prior-year charge related to a review of mortgage processes. the decrease in noninterest expense was also partially attributable to lower costs associated with repurchased loans.
tableofcontents segment net interest income increased $53 million to $728 million, primarily driven by growth in the dealer finance and regional acceptance loan portfolios, the inclusion of dealer floor plan loans in the segment results beginning in the first quarter of 2015 and the acquisition of susquehanna's consumer auto leasing business.
the allocated provision for credit losses increased $17 million, primarily due to higher charge-offs. noninterest expense increased $37 million driven by higher personnel, professional services, loan processing and other expenses.
dealer financial services grew average loans by $911 million, or 7.1%, compared to 2014 as a result of strong growth in the prime and nonprime auto lending businesses and the acquisition of susquehanna's consumer auto leasing business.
segment net interest income increased $33 million to $465 million, driven by strong growth in small ticket consumer loans and the acquisition of susquehanna's small business equipment finance portfolio, partially offset by lower rates on new loans. noninterest income increased $39 million driven by higher commercial mortgage and operating lease income.
the allocated provision for credit losses increased $9 million, primarily due to higher net charge-offs in the small ticket consumer and commercial finance loan portfolios. noninterest expense increased $45 million, primarily due to higher personnel expense and higher depreciation of property under operating leases.
specialized lending grew average loans by $2.0 billion, or 12.7%, compared to 2014 as a result of strong growth in small ticket consumer, commercial mortgage and governmental finance loans and the acquisition of the small business equipment finance portfolio.
segment net interest income increased $80 million to $526 million, driven by corporate banking and bb&t wealth loan and deposit growth, partially offset by lower rates on new loans. noninterest income increased $68 million as a result of higher investment commissions and brokerage fees, trust and investment advisory fees, commercial unused commitment fees and income from sbic private equity investments. client invested assets totaled $130.6 billion as of december 31, 2015, an increase of $11.7 billion, or 9.8%, compared to 2014.
the allocated provision for credit losses increased $40 million as a result of the corporate banking loan growth, portfolio mix and risk expectations related to the oil and energy sector. noninterest expense increased $46 million compared to 2014, driven by higher salary, incentive, pension and professional services expense.
financial services continues to generate significant loan growth through expanded lending strategies, with corporate banking's average loan balances increasing $2.6 billion, or 28.4%, compared to 2014, while bb&t wealth's average loan balances increased $367 million, or 32.7%. bb&t wealth also grew transaction account balances by $595 million, or 21.5%, and money market and savings balances by $974 million, or 14.5%, compared to 2014, partially attributable to the ongoing identification and servicing of wealth clients in the community bank.
segment net interest income decreased $62 million to $339 million, driven by lower average pci loan balances as well as lower yields on the securities portfolio, partially offset by higher funding spreads on deposits. noninterest income increased $79 million, primarily due to improved fdic loss share income, partially offset by the loss on the previously discussed sale of american coastal.
the allocated provision for credit losses reflected a benefit of $15 million in 2015, compared to a benefit of $66 million in 2014, primarily due to a release in the rufc in the earlier period driven by improvements related to the mix of unfunded lending exposures and a lower provision benefit for pci loans attributable to improvements in credit quality in the earlier period.
noninterest expense increased $365 million, driven by higher salary, employee insurance and pension expense, partially attributable to the susquehanna acquisition, as well as higher it professional services and software expense, franchise taxes and merger-related charges. in addition, noninterest expense for the current year includes the previously discussed $172 million loss on early extinguishment of fhlb advances, compared to a similar loss of $122 million in the prior year. intersegment net referral fee expenses decreased $22 million driven largely by higher mortgage loan referrals shared by other segments. amortization of intangibles increased $25 million primarily due to core deposit intangible amortization for acquisitions occurring during 2015. allocated corporate expense decreased $53 million compared to the earlier period as a result of higher expense allocations to the other segments related to internal business initiatives and the continued centralization of certain support functions into the respective allocated corporate centers.
community banking community banking had a network of 1,839 banking offices at the end of 2014, an increase of 14 offices compared to december 31, 2013. during the second quarter of 2014, bb&t completed the acquisition of 21 branches in texas, which included $1.2 billion in deposits and $112 million in loans. the increase in offices was primarily driven by the acquisition, partially offset by the closure of certain lower volume branches.
community banking net income was $910 million in 2014, an increase of $26 million, or 2.9%, compared to 2013. segment net interest income totaled $2.9 billion, a decrease of $134 million compared to 2013, primarily due to lower yields on new loans and lower funding spreads earned on deposits, partially offset by loan and noninterest-bearing deposit growth. noninterest income of $1.2 billion increased $4 million, primarily due to higher service charges on deposits, checkcard fees and bankcard fees.
the allocated provision for credit losses decreased $156 million driven by lower business and consumer loan charge-offs, partially offset by stabilization in loss factors. noninterest expense totaled $1.4 billion for 2014. the $145 million decrease was primarily attributable to lower personnel, occupancy and equipment and professional services expense and lower restructuring charges. intersegment net referral fees decreased $58 million driven by lower mortgage banking referrals. allocated corporate expenses increased $81 million, primarily driven by internal business initiatives, including the implementation of the erp system.
segment net interest income decreased $87 million to $498 million, primarily the result of lower average loan balances. noninterest income decreased $171 million driven by lower gains on residential mortgage loan sales due to lower origination volume and tighter pricing due to competitive factors. this decrease was partially offset by an increase in net servicing income of $31 million, primarily due to slower prepayment speeds and a $2.8 billion, or 3.2%, increase in the investor-owned servicing portfolio.
tableofcontents the allocated provision for credit losses was a benefit of $107 million in 2014, compared to expense of $12 million in 2013, reflecting the benefit of the previously discussed sales of residential mortgage loans during 2014 and a decrease in loan balances consistent with the current strategy of selling substantially all conforming mortgage loan production. noninterest expense increased $141 million, which primarily reflects a $27 million charge in the fourth quarter of 2014 related to the previously discussed ongoing review of mortgage processes, as well as adjustments in the second quarter of 2014 totaling $118 million related to the previously discussed fha-insured loan exposures.
the allocated provision for credit losses increased $23 million primarily due to higher charge-offs in the nonprime automobile loan portfolio as credit trends in that portfolio continue to normalize. noninterest expense increased $8 million, driven by higher personnel expense, primarily related to regional acceptance corporation's geographic expansion, and operating charge-offs.
segment net interest income decreased $120 million to $432 million, which primarily reflects the sale of a consumer lending subsidiary during the fourth quarter of 2013 and lower credit spreads on loans earned during 2014. noninterest income increased $10 million driven by higher operating lease income.
the sale of the specialized lending subsidiary also had a beneficial impact on the allocated provision for credit losses, which decreased $46 million. noninterest expense decreased $34 million driven by lower personnel, occupancy and equipment, loan processing and professional services expense.
insurance services' noninterest income of $1.7 billion increased $128 million, primarily due to increased commissions on new and renewal property and casualty business, higher performance-based commissions and an increase in employee benefit commissions. noninterest expense increased $54 million driven by higher salaries, performance-based incentives, operating charge-offs and business referral expense.
the allocated provision for credit losses increased $7 million compared to the prior year as a result of growth in the corporate banking and bb&t wealth loan portfolios. noninterest expense increased $30 million, primarily due to higher personnel expense, operating charge-offs, sub-advisory fees and occupancy and equipment expense. allocated corporate expenses increased $19 million, primarily driven by internal business initiatives and growth in the segment.
tableofcontents other, treasury & corporate other, treasury & corporate net income was $137 million in 2014 compared to a net loss of $506 million in 2013. results in the prior year include $516 million in adjustments for uncertain income tax positions as previously discussed.
segment net interest income increased $103 million to $401 million, primarily due to an increase in the investment portfolio, lower funding credits on deposits allocated to community banking and financial services and lower corporate borrowing costs, partially offset by runoff in the pci loan portfolio.
noninterest income decreased $170 million primarily due to lower securities gains in the investment portfolio, lower fdic loss share income, the sale of a consumer lending subsidiary during the fourth quarter of 2013 and lower income from assets related to certain post-employment benefits.
the allocated provision for credit losses was a benefit of $66 million compared to a benefit of $16 million in 2013. results from 2014 included a $29 million benefit for loans acquired from the fdic and a $29 million reduction in the reserve for unfunded lending commitments driven by improvements related to the mix of lines of credit, letters of credit, and bankers' acceptances. noninterest expense increased $36 million, primarily due to $122 million in expense related to early extinguishment of fhlb debt, and higher outside it services and merger-related expense, partially offset by lower personnel, professional services and tax and license expense. intersegment net referral fee expense decreased $59 million as a result of a lower level of mortgage banking referral income that was allocated to both community banking and financial services.
analysis of financial condition investment activities bb&t's board-approved investment policy is carried out by the mrlcc, which meets regularly to review the economic environment and establish investment strategies. the mrlcc also has much broader responsibilities, which are discussed in the "market risk management" section in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" herein.
investment strategies are reviewed by the mrlcc based on the interest rate environment, balance sheet mix, actual and anticipated loan demand, funding opportunities and the overall interest rate sensitivity of the company. in general, the goals of the investment portfolio are: (i) to provide a sufficient margin of liquid assets to meet unanticipated deposit and loan fluctuations and overall funds management objectives; (ii) to provide eligible securities to secure public funds, trust deposits as prescribed by law and other borrowings; and (iii) to earn the maximum return on funds invested that is commensurate with meeting the requirements of (i) and (ii).
branch bank invests in securities allowable under bank regulations. these securities may include obligations of the u.s. treasury, u.s. government agencies, gses (including mbs), bank eligible obligations of any state or political subdivision, non-agency mbs, structured notes, bank eligible corporate obligations (including corporate debentures), commercial paper, negotiable cds, bankers acceptances, mutual funds and limited types of equity securities. branch bank also may deal in securities subject to the provisions of the gramm-leach-bliley act. bb&t's full-service brokerage and investment banking subsidiary engages in the underwriting, trading and sales of equity and debt securities subject to the risk management policies of the company.
tableofcontents the following table provides information regarding the composition of the securities portfolio for the years presented:
composition of securities portfolio december 31,
afs securities (at fair value):
states and political subdivisions                       2,079                            1,974                            1,851
total afs securities                                              25,297                           20,907                           22,104
htm securities (at amortized cost):
states and political subdivisions                          63                               22                               33
total htm securities                                              18,530                           20,240                           18,101
total securities                                                 $43,827                          $41,147                          $40,205
the securities portfolio totaled $43.8 billion at december 31, 2015, compared to $41.1 billion at december 31, 2014. the increase was driven by higher afs portfolio balances, primarily due to purchases of agency mbs and u.s. treasury securities during the year.
as of december 31, 2015, approximately 12.4% of the securities portfolio was variable rate, compared to 14.0% as of december 31, 2014. the effective duration of the securities portfolio was 4.0 years at december 31, 2015, compared to 3.9 years at the end of 2014. the duration of the securities portfolio excludes equity securities, auction rate securities, and certain non-agency mbs acquired from the fdic.
agency mbs represented 73.7% of the total securities portfolio at year-end 2015, compared to 71.1% as of prior year end. as of december 31, 2015, the afs securities portfolio also includes $1.1 billion of securities that were acquired from the fdic as part of the colonial acquisition. effective october 1, 2014, securities subject to the commercial loss sharing agreement with the fdic related to the colonial acquisition were no longer subject to loss sharing; however, any gains on the sale of these securities through september 30, 2017 would be shared with the fdic. since these securities are in a significant unrealized gain position, they are effectively covered as any declines in the unrealized gains of the securities down to a contractually specified amount would reduce the liability to the fdic at the applicable percentage. securities acquired from the fdic consisted of $768 million of non-agency mbs and $296 million of states and political subdivisions securities as of december 31, 2015.
bb&t transferred $517 million of htm securities to afs during the third quarter of 2015. these securities, which were sold by the end of the third quarter, represented investments in student loans for which there was a significant increase in risk weighting as a result of the implementation of basel iii.
refer to note 3 "securities" in the "notes to consolidated financial statements" herein for additional disclosures related to the evaluation of securities for otti.
tableofcontents the following table presents the securities portfolio at december 31, 2015, segregated by major category with ranges of maturities and average yields disclosed:
securities december 31, 2015
within one year                                                                                        $246                                        0.49                     %                                                                $-                                           -                     %
states and political subdivisions: (3)
within one year                                                                                          12                                        6.93                                                                                       -                                           -
within one year                                                                                           4                                        0.48                                                                                       1                                        1.29
within one year                                                                                           2                                        4.51                                                                                       -                                           -
total securities                                        $25,297                                        2.68                                                                                 $18,530                                        2.10
(1)         yields represent interest computed at the end of the period using the effective interest method on an fte basis applying the statutory federal income tax rate of 35% and the amortized cost of the securities.
(2)         for purposes of the maturity table, mbs, which are not due at a single maturity date, have been included in maturity groupings based on the contractual maturity. the expected life of mbs will differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to call or prepay the underlying mortgage loans.
(3)         weighted-average yield excludes the effect of pay-fixed swaps hedging municipal securities.
tableofcontents lending activities the primary goal of the bb&t lending function is to help clients achieve their financial goals by providing quality loan products that are fair to the client and profitable to the company. management believes that this purpose can best be accomplished by building strong, profitable client relationships over time, with bb&t becoming an important contributor to the prosperity and well-being of its clients. in addition to the importance placed on client knowledge and continuous involvement with clients, bb&t's lending process incorporates the standards of a consistent company-wide credit culture and an in-depth local market knowledge. furthermore, the company employs strict underwriting criteria governing the degree of assumed risk and the diversity of the loan portfolio in terms of type, industry and geographical concentration. in this context, bb&t strives to meet the credit needs of clients in its markets while pursuing a balanced strategy of loan profitability, loan growth and loan quality.
revolving credit                                            2,458                 2,421                 2,365                 2,385                 2,427
average loans held for investment for the fourth quarter of 2015 were $134.8 billion, up $4.3 billion compared to the third quarter of 2015. excluding acquisitions (which comprises susquehanna, the bank of kentucky, both branch acquisitions in texas and bankatlantic), average loans held for investment were up approximately 2.0% on an annualized basis.
average commercial and industrial loans increased $1.6 billion during the fourth quarter of 2015. approximately $740 million of the increase was the result of acquisitions while the remaining increase primarily reflects continued growth in large corporate lending. average commercial real estate - income producing properties loans increased $750 million and average commercial real estate - construction and development loans increased $264 million, with the majority of both of these increases being attributable to acquisitions. dealer floor plan average loans, which were not significantly impacted by acquisition activity, were up $108 million or 40.6% annualized, due to strong organic growth.
direct retail lending average loans increased $970 million; approximately $735 million of the growth was due to acquisitions. other lending subsidiaries average loans increased $444 million, with approximately half of the increase due to acquisitions.
excluding acquisition activity, average sales finance loans declined approximately $400 million, which is partially due to dealer pricing structure changes implemented during the third quarter. average residential mortgage loans decreased approximately $430 million excluding acquisitions, which reflects the continued strategy to sell conforming residential mortgage loan production.
the following table excludes sales finance and retail other lending subsidiaries loans as the substantial majority of those loans have fixed interest rates:
revolving credit                                                                                                                                                2,194                                                    9.35                                                                                  nm residential mortgage                                                                                                                                            6,412                                                    3.42                                                                                24.9
as of december 31, 2015, approximately 3.3% of the outstanding balance of variable rate residential mortgage loans is currently in an interest-only phase. approximately 94.0% of these balances will begin amortizing within the next three years. variable rate residential mortgage loans typically reset every 12 months beginning after a 3 to 10 year fixed period, with an annual cap on rate changes ranging from 2.0% to 6.0%.
as of december 31, 2015, the direct retail lending portfolio includes $6.7 billion of home equity lines. approximately 74.9% of the outstanding balance of variable rate home equity lines is currently in the interest-only phase. approximately 8.8% of these balances will begin scheduled amortization within the next three years. variable rate home equity lines typically reset on a monthly basis. variable rate home equity loans were immaterial as of december 31, 2015.
bb&t monitors the performance of its home equity loans and lines secured by second liens similar to other consumer loans and utilizes assumptions specific to these loans in determining the necessary alll. bb&t also receives notification when the first lien holder, whether bb&t or another financial institution, has initiated foreclosure proceedings against the borrower. when notified that the first lien is in the process of foreclosure, bb&t obtains valuations to determine if any additional charge-offs or reserves are warranted. these valuations are updated at least annually thereafter.
bb&t has limited ability to monitor the delinquency status of the first lien, unless the first lien is held or serviced by bb&t. as a result, using migration assumptions that are based on historical experience and adjusted for current trends, bb&t estimates the volume of second lien positions where the first lien is delinquent and adjusts the alll to reflect the increased risk of loss on these credits. finally, bb&t also provides additional reserves to second lien positions when the estimated combined current loan to value ratio for the credit exceeds 100%. as of december 31, 2015, bb&t held or serviced the first lien on 32.8% of its second lien positions.
scheduled repayments are reported in the maturity category in which the payment is due. determinations of maturities are based on contract terms. bb&t's credit policy typically does not permit automatic renewal of loans. at the scheduled maturity date (including balloon payment date), the customer generally must request a new loan to replace the matured loan and execute either a new note or note modification with rate, terms and conditions negotiated at that time.
bb&t lends to a diverse customer base that is substantially located within the company's primary market area. at the same time, the loan portfolio is geographically dispersed throughout bb&t's branch network to mitigate concentration risk arising from local and regional economic downturns. refer to the "risk management" section herein for a discussion of each of the loan portfolios and the credit risk management policies used to manage the portfolios.
composition of loan and lease portfolio based on bu december 31,
revolving credit                                                  2,510                       2,460                       2,403                       2,330                       2,212
total loans and leases were $137.0 billion at year-end 2015, an increase of $15.7 billion compared to the balance at year-end 2014. this increase reflects broad-based loan growth along with the impact of acquisitions, which contributed $14.2 billion in loans as of the respective acquisition dates. commercial and industrial loans were up $7.0 billion, direct retail lending loans were up $3.0 billion, cre-income producing properties loans were up $2.7 billion and other lending subsidiaries loans were up $2.1 billion. a $557 million decline in residential mortgage balances reflects the continued strategy to sell conforming residential mortgage loan production.
the increase in commercial and industrial loans reflects the previously mentioned acquisition activity as well as solid growth from large corporate clients, which typically have strong credit profiles and therefore put downward pressure on pricing. the yield on commercial and industrial loans declined to 3.21% in 2015 from 3.35% in 2014.
the pci loan portfolio, which totaled $1.1 billion at december 31, 2015, continued to runoff during the year, partially offset by the addition of $403 million of pci loans in connection with the susquehanna acquisition.
the majority of bb&t's loans are with clients in domestic market areas, which are primarily concentrated in the southeastern united states. international loans were immaterial as of december 31, 2015 and 2014.
composition of loan and lease portfolio december 31,
selected loan maturities and interest sensitivity december 31, 2015
asset quality the following discussion includes pci loans, which are considered performing due to the application of the expected cash flows method and totaled $1.1 billion at december 31, 2015 and $1.2 billion in the prior year. foreclosed real estate acquired from the fdic totaled $26 million and $56 million at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
the decline in npls was led by decreases in cre-income producing properties and cre-construction and development npls of $36 million and $13 million, respectively, due to continued improvement in credit quality.
npas as a percentage of loans and leases plus foreclosed property were 0.52% at december 31, 2015 compared with 0.65% at december 31, 2014.
the following tables summarize asset quality information for the past five years. as more fully described below, this information has been adjusted to exclude certain components:
路                   bb&amp;t has recorded certain amounts related to government guaranteed gnma mortgage loans that bb&amp;t has the option, but not the obligation, to repurchase and has effectively regained control. these amounts are reported in the consolidated balance sheets but have been excluded from the asset quality disclosures, as management believes they result in distortion of the reported metrics. the amount of government guaranteed gnma mortgage loans that have been excluded are noted in the footnotes to table 19.
路                           in addition, bb&amp;t has concluded that the inclusion of pci in "loans 90 days or more past due and still accruing as a percentage of total loans and leases" may result in significant distortion to this ratio.
the inclusion of these loans could result in a lack of comparability across quarters or years, and could negatively impact comparability with other portfolios that were not impacted by acquisition accounting. bb&amp;t believes that the presentation of this asset quality measure excluding pci provides additional perspective into underlying trends related to the quality of its loan portfolio. accordingly, the asset quality measures in table 20 present asset quality information on a consolidated basis as well as "loans 90 days or more past due and still accruing as a percentage of total loans and leases" excluding pci.
asset quality december 31,
revolving credit                                             10                 9                  10                    16                    17
revolving credit                                             22                23                  23                    23                    22
(5)   during the fourth quarter of 2013, approximately $9 million of nonaccrual loans and $26 million of loans 30-89 days past due were sold in connection with the sale of a consumer lending subsidiary.
tableofcontents loans 90 days or more past due and still accruing interest, excluding government guaranteed gnma mortgage loans, totaled $312 million at december 31, 2015, compared with $535 million at year-end 2014, a decline of $223 million. this reduction reflects overall continued improvement in credit quality. loans 30-89 days past due, excluding government guaranteed gnma mortgage loans, totaled $1.0 billion at december 31, 2015, an increase of $132 million compared to the prior year, primarily due to higher loan balances.
asset quality ratios as of / for the year ended december 31,
asset quality ratios (including pci)
asset quality ratios (excluding pci)(3)
(2)         net charge-offs for 2011 include $236 million related to bb&amp;t's npa disposition strategy. in connection with this strategy, approximately $271 million of problem loans were transferred from loans hfi to lhfs in 2011. the disposition of all such loans was complete as of december 31, 2011.
(3)   these asset quality ratios have been adjusted to remove the impact of pci assets. appropriate adjustments to the numerator and denominator have been reflected in the calculation of these ratios.
potential problem loans include loans on nonaccrual status or past due as disclosed in table 19. in addition, for the commercial portfolio segment, loans that are rated special mention or substandard performing are closely monitored by management as potential problem loans. refer to note 4 "loans and acl" in the "notes to consolidated financial statements" herein for additional disclosures related to these potential problem loans.
tdrs generally occur when a borrower is experiencing, or is expected to experience, financial difficulties in the near-term. as a result, bb&t will work with the borrower to prevent further difficulties, and ultimately to improve the likelihood of recovery on the loan. to facilitate this process, a concessionary modification that would not otherwise be considered may be granted, resulting in classification of the loan as a tdr. refer to note 1 "summary of significant accounting policies" in the "notes to consolidated financial statements" for additional policy information regarding tdrs.
tableofcontents the following table provides a summary of performing tdr activity:
payments and payoffs represent cash received from borrowers in connection with scheduled principal payments, prepayments and payoffs of amounts outstanding. transfers to nonperforming tdrs represent loans that no longer meet the requirements necessary to reflect the loan in accruing status and as a result are subsequently classified as a nonperforming tdr.
tdrs may be removed due to the passage of time if they: (1) did not include a forgiveness of principal or interest, (2) have performed in accordance with the modified terms (generally a minimum of six months), (3) were reported as a tdr over a year end reporting period, and (4) reflected an interest rate on the modified loan that was no less than a market rate at the date of modification. these loans were previously considered tdrs as a result of structural concessions such as extended interest-only terms or an amortization period that did not otherwise conform to normal underwriting guidelines.
in addition, certain loans may be removed from classification as a tdr as a result of a subsequent non-concessionary re-modification. non-concessionary re-modifications represent tdrs that did not contain concessionary terms at the date of a subsequent renewal/modification and there was a reasonable expectation that the borrower would continue to comply with the terms of the loan subsequent to the date of the re-modification. a re-modification may be considered for such a re-classification if the loan has not had a forgiveness of principal or interest and the modified terms qualify as more than minor such that the re-modified loan is considered a new loan. alternatively, such loans may be considered for reclassification in years subsequent to the date of the re-modification based on the passage of time as described in the preceding paragraph.
in connection with consumer loan tdrs, a npl will be returned to accruing status when current as to principal and interest and upon a sustained historical repayment performance (generally a minimum of six months). the following table provides further details regarding the payment status of tdrs:
revolving credit                                              28      84.9                  4      12.1                    1         3.0                    33
provision for credit losses (excluding pci)                                                                            430                                             280                                             587                                           1,044                                           1,119
revolving credit                                                                      (70)                                            (71)                                            (85)                                            (81)                                            (95)
revolving credit                                                                        20                                              19                                              17                                              18                                              19
(1)   during the first quarter of 2014, $8.3 billion of loans were transferred from direct retail lending to residential mortgage. charge-offs and recoveries have been reflected in these line items based upon the date the loans were transferred.
(2)   includes charge-offs of $11 million related to performing tdr and npl sales during 2014. includes charge-offs of $87 million in residential mortgage loans during 2011 in connection with bb&amp;t's npl disposition strategy.
the acl consists of the alll, which is presented separately on the consolidated balance sheets, and the rufc, which is included in other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. the acl totaled $1.6 billion at december 31, 2015, an increase of $16 million compared to the prior year.
tableofcontents the alll amounted to 1.07% of loans and leases held for investment at december 31, 2015, compared to 1.23% at december 31, 2014. this decline is primarily due to the acquisitions occurring during 2015, which provided $14.2 billion in loans and no related allowance as of the various acquisition dates. the ratio of the alll to npls held for investment was 2.53x at december 31, 2015 compared to 2.39x at december 31, 2014.
refer to note 4 "loans and acl" in the "notes to consolidated financial statements" for additional disclosures.
revolving credit                              104           1.8                        110          2.1                        115          2.1                        102          2.0                        112          2.1
fdic loss share receivable/payable and asset acquired from the fdic in connection with the colonial acquisition, branch bank entered into loss sharing agreements with the fdic that outline the terms and conditions under which the fdic will reimburse branch bank for a portion of the losses incurred on certain loans, oreo, investment securities and other assets. the following table presents the carrying amount of assets by loss share agreement:
afs securities                                                 1,064                 -                   1,064                1,243                 -                   1,243
as of october 1, 2014, the loss sharing provisions of the commercial loss sharing agreement expired; however, gains on the disposition of assets subject to this agreement will be shared with the fdic through september 30, 2017. any gains realized after september 30, 2017 would not be shared with the fdic. assets subject to the single family loss sharing agreement are indemnified through august 31, 2019.
the gain/loss sharing coverage related to the acquired afs securities is based on a contractually-specified value of the securities as of the date of the loss sharing agreement, adjusted to reflect subsequent pay-downs, redemptions or maturities on the underlying securities. the contractually-specified value of these securities totaled approximately $492 million at december 31, 2015. during the period of gain sharing (october 1, 2014 through september 30, 2017), any decline in the fair value of the acquired afs securities down to the contractually-specified value would reduce bb&t's liability to the fdic at the applicable loss sharing percentage. bb&t is not indemnified for declines in the fair value of the acquired securities below the contractually-specified amount.
the terms of the loss sharing agreement with respect to certain non-agency mbs provided that branch bank would be reimbursed by the fdic for 95% of any and all losses incurred through the third quarter of 2014. for other assets acquired from the fdic, the fdic reimbursement was as follows:
following the conclusion of the 10 year loss share period in 2019, should actual aggregate losses, excluding securities, be less than an amount determined in accordance with these agreements, bb&t will pay the fdic a portion of the difference. as of december 31, 2015, bb&t projects that in 2019 branch bank would owe the fdic approximately $170 million under the aggregate loss calculation. as described below, this liability is expensed over time and bb&t has recognized total expense of approximately $149 million through december 31, 2015.
the fair value of the net reimbursement the company expected to receive from the fdic under these agreements was recorded as the fdic loss share receivable at the date of acquisition. the fair value of the fdic loss share receivable/payable was estimated using a discounted cash flow methodology.
acquired loans were aggregated into separate pools based upon common risk characteristics. each pool is considered a unit of account and the cash flows expected to be collected, credit losses and other relevant information are developed for each pool. a summary of the accounting treatment related to changes in credit losses on each loan pool and the related fdic loss share asset follows.
路   if the estimated credit loss on a loan pool is increased:
路   if the estimated credit loss on a loan pool is reduced:
o   if the loan pool does not have an allowance (or it is first reduced to $0 and there remains additional expected cash flows), the excess of expected cash flows is recognized as a yield adjustment over the remaining expected life of the loan.
the accounting treatment for securities acquired from the fdic is summarized below:
路   prior to the recognition of otti on a security acquired from the fdic:
o   the purchase discount established at acquisition is accreted into income over the expected life of the underlying securities using a level yield methodology.
o   changes to the expected life of the securities are recognized with a cumulative adjustment to the accretion recognized.
路    subsequent to recognition of otti, which is determined using the same methodology that is applied to securities that were not acquired from the fdic, an increase in expected cash flows is recognized as a yield adjustment over the remaining expected life of the security based on an evaluation of the nature of the increase.
路     the income statement effect of the above items is offset by the applicable loss share percentage in fdic loss share income, net, which cumulatively resulted in a liability of $265 million as of december 31, 2015. subsequent to september 30, 2014, with the expiration of commercial loss sharing, any otti will not be offset.
路      securities acquired from the fdic are classified as afs and carried at fair market value. the changes in unrealized gains/losses
(down to the contractually specified amount) are offset by the applicable loss share percentage in aoci, which resulted in a liability of $271 million as of december 31, 2015.
路   bb&amp;t would only owe these amounts to the fdic if bb&amp;t were to sell these securities prior to the end of the third quarter of 2017. bb&amp;t has no current intent to dispose of the securities.
securities                                 (536)                  (518)                  (565)                  (535)
the decrease in the carrying amount attributable to loans acquired from the fdic was due to the receipt of cash from the fdic, negative accretion due to credit loss improvement and the offset to the provision for loans acquired from the fdic, which was a benefit for the current year. the change in the carrying amount attributable to the aggregate loss calculation is primarily due to accretion of the expected payment. the fair values are based upon a discounted cash flow methodology that is consistent with the acquisition date methodology. the fair value attributable to acquired loans and the aggregate loss calculation changes over time due to the receipt of cash from the fdic, updated credit loss assumptions and the passage of time. the fair value attributable to securities acquired from the fdic is based upon the timing and amount that would be payable to the fdic should they settle at the current fair value at the conclusion of the gain sharing period.
tableofcontents funding activities deposits are the primary source of funds for lending and investing activities. scheduled payments, as well as prepayments, and maturities from portfolios of loans and investment securities also provide a stable source of funds. fhlb advances, other secured borrowings, federal funds purchased and other short-term borrowed funds, as well as long-term debt issued through the capital markets, all provide supplemental liquidity sources. funding activities are monitored and governed through bb&t's overall asset/liability management process, which is further discussed in the "market risk management" section in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" herein. the following section provides a brief description of the various sources of funds.
deposits deposits are attracted principally from clients within bb&t's branch network through the offering of a broad selection of deposit instruments to individuals and businesses, including noninterest-bearing checking accounts, interest-bearing checking accounts, savings accounts, money market deposit accounts, cds and iras. deposit account terms vary with respect to the minimum balance required, the time period the funds must remain on deposit and service charge schedules. interest rates paid on specific deposit types are determined based on (i) the interest rates offered by competitors, (ii) the anticipated amount and timing of funding needs, (iii) the availability and cost of alternative sources of funding, and (iv) anticipated future economic conditions and interest rates. deposits are attractive sources of funding because of their stability and relative cost. deposits are regarded as an important part of the overall client relationship and provide opportunities to cross-sell other bb&t services.
total deposits were $149.1 billion at december 31, 2015, an increase of $20.1 billion compared to year-end 2014. this increase was driven by acquisition activity and organic growth. noninterest-bearing deposits totaled $45.7 billion at december 31, 2015, an increase of $6.9 billion from december 31, 2014. the majority of the increase in noninterest-bearing deposits was due to business and personal deposits, which grew $4.1 billion (16.1%) and $2.7 billion (29.0%), respectively.
interest checking increased $5.1 billion and money market and savings increased $9.9 billion during 2015, while time deposits and iras decreased $1.8 billion during 2015.
for the year ended december 31, 2015, total deposits averaged $138.5 billion, an increase of $9.4 billion compared to 2014. the cost of interest-bearing deposits was 0.24% for 2015, compared to 0.26% for 2014.
the following table presents the composition of average deposits for the last five quarters:
composition of average deposits for the three months ended
noninterest-bearing deposits                     $45,824             $44,153             $41,502             $39,701             $39,130
time deposits                                           16,981              16,837              14,800              17,000              20,041
foreign office deposits - interest-bearing       98                  948                 764                 563                 660
total average deposits   $148,491            $143,837            $131,868            $129,531            $130,315
average deposits for the fourth quarter were $148.5 billion, an increase of $4.7 billion compared to the prior quarter. average noninterest-bearing deposits increased $1.7 billion, with approximately $870 million of the increase due to acquisitions. interest checking grew $1.6 billion (approximately $220 million excluding acquisitions) and money market and savings grew $2.1 billion (approximately $535 million excluding acquisitions). excluding acquisition activity, time deposits declined approximately $650 million, or an annualized 18.5%.
the growth in noninterest-bearing deposits and lower-cost deposits drove continued improvement in mix during the quarter. noninterest-bearing deposits represented 30.9% of total average deposits for the fourth quarter, compared to 30.7% for the prior quarter and 30.0% a year ago.
tableofcontents the cost of interest-bearing deposits was 0.24% for the fourth quarter, flat compared to the prior quarter.
the following table provides information regarding the scheduled maturities of time deposits that are $100,000 and greater at december 31, 2015.
scheduled maturities of time deposits $100,000 and greater december 31, 2015
short-term borrowings bb&t also uses various types of short-term borrowings to meet funding needs. while deposits remain the primary source for funding loan originations, management uses short-term borrowings as a supplementary funding source for loan growth and other balance sheet management purposes. short-term borrowings were 1.6% of total funding on average in 2015 as compared to 1.8% in 2014. the types of short-term borrowings that have been, or may be, used by the company include federal funds purchased, securities sold under repurchase agreements, master notes, commercial paper, short-term bank notes and short-term fhlb advances. short-term borrowings at the end of 2015 were $3.6 billion, a decrease of $124 million, or 3.3%, compared to year-end 2014. average short-term borrowings totaled $3.2 billion during 2015 compared to $3.4 billion last year. the decrease in the average balance of short-term borrowings during 2015 primarily reflects an increase in deposits as a funding source.
the following table summarizes certain information for the past three years with respect to short-term borrowings:
securities sold under agreements to repurchase:
long-term debt long-term debt provides funding and, to a lesser extent, regulatory capital. during 2015, long-term debt represented 11.8% of average total funding compared to 12.0% during 2014. at december 31, 2015, long-term debt totaled $23.8 billion, an increase of $457 million compared to year-end 2014. the increase in long-term debt reflects the issuance of $1.0 billion of bb&t corporation senior notes and $1.2 billion of branch bank subordinated notes, as well as debt assumed through acquisitions, partially offset by the early extinguishment of $931 million of higher-cost fhlb debt and other payments and maturities. the average cost of long-term debt was 2.13% in 2015, compared to 2.36% in 2014. see note 9 "long-term debt" in the "notes to consolidated financial statements" herein for further disclosure.
tableofcontents exclusive of hedge basis adjustments, fhlb advances represented 24.0% of total outstanding long-term debt at december 31, 2015, compared to 28.5% at december 31, 2014. fhlb advances are long-term funding sources that provide flexibility to structure the debt in a manner that aids in the management of interest rate risk and liquidity.
shareholders' equity shareholders' equity totaled $27.3 billion at december 31, 2015, an increase of $3.0 billion, or 12.2%, from year-end 2014. book value per common share at december 31, 2015 was $31.66, compared to $30.09 at december 31, 2014.
shareholders' equity increased due to net income in excess of dividends declared of $1.2 billion, as well as $2.2 billion of shares issued in connection with acquisitions. additionally, there were $88 million of issuances of shares and other transactions in connection with equity-based compensation plans, the 401(k) plan and the dividend reinvestment plan.
these increases were partially offset by a $222 million reduction to equity in connection with the amrisc transaction. additionally, the net loss in aoci increased $277 million, primarily due to a $186 million after-tax net decrease in the value of the afs securities portfolio and a $97 million after-tax pension impact.
tangible book value per common share at december 31, 2015 was $19.82 compared to $19.86 at december 31, 2014. as of december 31, 2015, measures of tangible capital were not required by the regulators and, therefore, were considered non-gaap measures. refer to the section titled "capital" herein for a discussion of how bb&t calculates and uses these measures in the evaluation of the company.
risk management bb&t has a strong and consistent risk culture, based on established risk values, which promotes predictable and consistent performance within an environment of open communication and effective challenge. the strong culture influences all associates in the organization daily and helps them evaluate whether risks are acceptable or unacceptable while making decisions that balance quality, profitability and growth appropriately. bb&t's effective risk management framework establishes an environment which enables it to achieve superior performance relative to peers, ensures that bb&t is viewed among the safest of banks and assures the operational freedom to act on opportunities.
bb&t ensures that there is an appropriate return for the amount of risk taken, and that the expected return is in line with its strategic objectives and business plan. risk-taking activities are evaluated and prioritized to identify those that present attractive risk-adjusted returns while preserving asset value. bb&t only undertakes risks that are understood and can be managed effectively. by managing risk well, bb&t ensures sufficient capital is available to maintain and grow core business operations in a safe and sound manner.
路       first line of defense: risk management begins with the bus, the point at which risk is originated and where risks must be managed. business unit managers in the first line identify, assess, control and report their group's risk profile compared to its approved risk limits.
路        second line of defense: the rmo provides independent oversight and guidance of risk-taking across the enterprise. the rmo aggregates, integrates, and correlates risk information into a holistic picture of the corporation's risk profile and concentrations. the rmo establishes policies and limits and reports sources and amounts of risk to executive management and the board of directors.
路            third line of defense: audit services (bb&amp;t's internal audit function) evaluates the design and effectiveness of the risk management framework and its results. results are reported to executive management and the board of directors according to audit services policy.
risk committees       board of directors                                     executive management
1st line of defense   2nd line of defense   3rd line of defense business units        risk functions        audit services chief risk officer the cro leads the rmo, which designs, organizes and manages bb&t's risk management framework. the rmo is responsible for ensuring effective risk management oversight, measurement, monitoring, reporting and consistency. the cro has direct access to the board of directors and executive management. the cro is responsible for identifying and communicating in a timely manner to the ceo and the board of directors meaningful risks and significant instances when the rmo's assessment of risk differs from that of a bu, significant instances when a bu is not adhering to the risk governance framework, and bb&t's risk profile in relation to its risk appetite on at least a quarterly basis. in the event that the cro and ceo's assessment of risk were to differ or if the ceo were to not adhere to the risk management framework, the cro would have the responsibility to report such matters to the board of directors.
the executive management-led enterprise risk committees provide oversight of the first and second lines of defense and communicate risk appetite and values to the rmo. the cro and the enterprise risk committees approve policies, set risk limits and tolerances and monitor results.
the rmc, crmc, ormc, croc and the mrlcc are the enterprise risk committees and provide oversight of the risks as described in the common risk language. executive management members participate in all five committees.
the risk management framework is composed of specialized risk functions focused on specific types of risk. the mrlcc, crmc, croc and ormc provide oversight of market, liquidity, capital, credit, compliance, and operational risk while rmc provides a fully integrated view of all material risks across the company. the rmc provides oversight of all risks and its purpose is to review bb&t's aggregate risk exposure, evaluate risk appetite, and evaluate risks not reviewed by other risk committees.
the rmc is responsible for taking a broad view of risk, incorporating information from all risk functions. this combination of broad and specific focus provides the most effective framework for the management of risk. the rmc is chaired by the cro and its membership includes all members of executive management, the general auditor (ex officio) and senior leaders from financial management, the rmo and other areas.
the principal types of inherent risk include compliance, credit, liquidity, market, operational, reputation and strategic risks.
compliance risk compliance risk is the risk to current or anticipated earnings or capital arising from violations of laws, rules or regulations, or from non-conformance with prescribed practices, internal policies and procedures or ethical standards. this risk exposes bb&t to fines, civil money penalties, payment of damages and the voiding of contracts. compliance risk can result in diminished reputation, reduced franchise or enterprise value, limited business opportunities and lessened expansion potential.
credit risk credit risk is the risk to current or anticipated earnings or capital arising from the default, inability or unwillingness of a borrower, obligor, or counterparty to meet the terms of any financial obligation with bb&t or otherwise perform as agreed. credit risk exists in all activities where success depends on the performance of a borrower, obligor, or counterparty. credit risk arises when bb&t funds are extended, committed, invested, or otherwise exposed through actual or implied contractual agreements, whether on or off balance sheet. credit risk also occurs when the credit quality of an issuer whose securities or other instruments the bank holds deteriorates.
tableofcontents bb&t has established the following general practices to manage credit risk:
路   limiting the amount of credit that individual lenders may extend to a borrower;
路   establishing a process for credit approval accountability;
路   careful initial underwriting and analysis of borrower, transaction, market and collateral risks;
路   ongoing servicing and monitoring of individual loans and lending relationships;
路   continuous monitoring of the portfolio, market dynamics and the economy; and
路   periodically reevaluating the bank's strategy and overall exposure as economic, market and other relevant conditions change.
the following discussion presents the principal types of lending conducted by bb&t and describes the underwriting procedures and overall risk management of bb&t's lending function.
underwriting approach the loan portfolio is a primary source of profitability and risk, therefore, proper loan underwriting is critical to bb&t's long-term financial success. bb&t's underwriting approach is designed to define acceptable combinations of specific risk-mitigating features that ensure credit relationships conform to bb&t's risk philosophy. provided below is a summary of the most significant underwriting criteria used to evaluate new loans and loan renewals:
路         cash flow and debt service coverage-cash flow adequacy is a necessary condition of creditworthiness, meaning that loans must either be clearly supported by a borrower's cash flow or, if not, must be justified by secondary repayment sources.
路     secondary sources of repayment-alternative repayment funds are a significant risk-mitigating factor as long as they are liquid, can be easily accessed and provide adequate resources to supplement the primary cash flow source.
路            value of any underlying collateral-loans are generally secured by the asset being financed. because an analysis of the primary and secondary sources of repayment is the most important factor, collateral, unless it is liquid, does not justify loans that cannot be serviced by the borrower's normal cash flows.
路    overall creditworthiness of the customer, taking into account the customer's relationships, both past and current, with bb&amp;t and other lenders-bb&amp;t's success depends on building lasting and mutually beneficial relationships with clients, which involves assessing their financial position and background.
路   level of equity invested in the transaction-in general, borrowers are required to contribute or invest a portion of their own funds prior to any loan advances.
commercial loan and lease portfolio the commercial loan and lease portfolio represents the largest category of the company's total loan portfolio. bb&t's commercial lending program is generally targeted to serve small-to-middle market businesses with sales of $250 million or less. in addition, bb&t's corporate banking group provides lending solutions to large corporate clients. traditionally, lending to small and mid-sized businesses has been among bb&t's strongest market segments.
commercial and small business loans are primarily originated through bb&t's community bank. in accordance with the company's lending policy, each loan undergoes a detailed underwriting process, which incorporates bb&t's underwriting approach, procedures and evaluations described above. commercial loans are typically priced with an interest rate tied to market indices, such as the prime rate or libor. commercial loans are individually monitored and reviewed for any possible deterioration in the ability of the client to repay the loan. approximately 87.7% of bb&t's commercial loans are secured by real estate, business equipment, inventories and other types of collateral.
tableofcontents direct retail loan portfolio the direct retail loan portfolio primarily consists of a wide variety of loan products offered through bb&t's branch network. various types of secured and unsecured loans are marketed to qualifying existing clients and to other creditworthy candidates in bb&t's market area. the vast majority of direct retail loans are secured by first or second liens on residential real estate and include both closed-end home equity loans and revolving home equity lines of credit. direct retail loans are subject to the same rigorous lending policies and procedures as described above for commercial loans and are underwritten with note amounts and credit limits that ensure consistency with the company's risk philosophy.
sales finance loan portfolio the sales finance category primarily includes secured indirect installment loans to consumers for the purchase of new and used automobiles, boats and recreational vehicles. such loans are originated through approved franchised and independent dealers throughout the bb&t market area. these loans are relatively homogenous and no single loan is individually significant in terms of its size and potential risk of loss. sales finance loans are subject to the same rigorous lending policies and procedures as described above for commercial loans and are underwritten with note amounts and credit limits that ensure consistency with the company's risk philosophy. in addition to its normal underwriting due diligence, bb&t uses application systems and "scoring systems" to help underwrite and manage the credit risk in its sales finance portfolio.
revolving credit loan portfolio the revolving credit portfolio consists of the outstanding balances on credit cards and bb&t's checking account overdraft protection product, constant credit. bb&t markets credit cards to its existing banking client base and does not solicit cardholders through nationwide programs or other forms of mass marketing. such balances are generally unsecured and actively managed.
residential mortgage loan portfolio branch bank offers various types of fixed- and adjustable-rate loans for the purpose of constructing, purchasing or refinancing residential properties. bb&t primarily originates conforming mortgage loans and higher quality jumbo and construction-to-permanent loans for owner-occupied properties. conforming loans are loans that are underwritten in accordance with the underwriting standards set forth by fnma and fhlmc. they are generally collateralized by one-to-four-family residential real estate, typically have loan-to-collateral value ratios of 80% or less at origination, and are made to borrowers in good credit standing.
risks associated with the mortgage lending function include interest rate risk, which is mitigated through the sale of a substantial portion of conforming fixed-rate loans in the secondary mortgage market, and an effective msr hedging process. borrower risk is lessened through rigorous underwriting procedures and mortgage insurance. the right to service the loans and receive servicing income is generally retained when conforming loans are sold. management believes that the retention of mortgage servicing is a relationship driver in retail banking and a part of management's strategy to establish profitable long-term customer relationships and offer high quality client service. bb&t also purchases residential mortgage loans from correspondent originators. the loans purchased from third-party originators are subject to the same underwriting and risk-management criteria as loans originated internally.
other lending subsidiaries portfolio bb&t's other lending subsidiaries portfolio consists of loans originated through bus that provide specialty finance alternatives to consumers and businesses including: dealer-based financing of equipment for small businesses and consumers, commercial equipment leasing and finance, insurance premium finance, indirect nonprime automobile finance, and full-service commercial mortgage banking. bb&t offers these services to bank clients as well as nonbank clients within and outside bb&t's primary geographic market area.
bb&t's other lending subsidiaries adhere to the same overall underwriting approach as the commercial and consumer lending portfolio and also utilize automated credit scoring to assist with underwriting credit risk. the majority of these loans are relatively homogenous and no single loan is individually significant in terms of its size and potential risk of loss. the majority of the loans are secured by real estate, automobiles, equipment or unearned insurance premiums. as of december 31, 2015, the other lending subsidiaries portfolio includes loans to nonprime borrowers of approximately $3.2 billion.
tableofcontents pci the pci balance includes $539 million of loans that are covered by loss sharing agreements and $273 million of loans that were formerly covered by loss sharing agreements. refer to note 4 "loans and acl" in the "notes to consolidated financial statements" and to "acquired from fdic and fdic loss share receivable/payable" section of "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in this report for additional disclosures related to loans acquired from the fdic.
liquidity risk liquidity risk is the risk to current or anticipated earnings or capital that bb&t will be unable to meet its obligations as they come due because of an inability to liquidate assets or obtain adequate funding (funding liquidity risk) or that it cannot easily unwind or offset specific exposures without significantly lowering market prices because of inadequate market depth or market disruptions (market liquidity risk).
market risk market risk is the risk to current or anticipated earnings or capital arising from changes in the market value of portfolios, securities, or other financial instruments. market risk results from changes in the level, volatility or correlations among financial market rates or prices, including interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices, commodity prices or other relevant rates or prices.
interest rate risk results from differences between the timing of rate changes and the timing of cash flows (re-pricing risk); from changing rate relationships among different yield curves affecting bank activities (basis risk); from changing rate relationships across the spectrum of maturities (yield curve risk); and from interest-related options embedded in bank products (options risk).
for additional information concerning bb&t's management of market risk, see the "market risk management" section of "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" herein.
operational risk operational risk is the risk to current or anticipated earnings or capital arising from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems or from external events. this definition includes legal risk, which is the risk of loss arising from defective transactions, litigation or claims made, or the failure to adequately protect company-owned assets.
cybersecurity in recent years, cybersecurity has gained prominence within the financial services industry due to increases in the quantity and sophistication of cyber attacks, which include significant distributed denial-of-service attacks, malicious code and viruses and attempts to breach the security of systems, which, in certain instances, have resulted in unauthorized access to customer account data.
bb&t has a number of complex information systems used for a variety of functions by customers, employees and vendors. in addition, third parties with which bb&t does business or that facilitate business activities (e.g., vendors, exchanges, clearing houses, central depositories and financial intermediaries) could also be sources of cybersecurity risk to bb&t, including with respect to breakdowns or failures of their systems, misconduct by the employees of such parties, or cyber attacks which could affect their ability to deliver a product or service to bb&t.
as a fhc, bb&t must adhere to the security requirements and expectations of the applicable regulatory agencies, which include requirements related to data privacy, systems availability and business continuity planning, among others. the regulatory agencies have established guidelines for the responsibilities of the board of directors and senior management, which include establishing policy, appointing and training personnel, implementing review and testing functions and ensuring an appropriate frequency of updates.
tableofcontents the primary responsibility for cybersecurity at bb&t lies with the risk committee of the board of directors, which has delegated the day-to-day operations to management via the rmc, ormc and eitsc. the eitsc serves as the primary team responsible for monitoring and reporting on cybersecurity risks. the eitsc, which is led by the chief information officer, provides a bi-monthly report on cybersecurity to executive management and provides other periodic cybersecurity reporting to the rmc and the ormc. in addition, the chief information officer and chief information security officer provide a quarterly cyber security update to the risk committee or the full board of directors on a rotating basis. annually, the eitsc provides a formal it risk assessment and information security reports to the risk committee.
as a complement to the overall cybersecurity infrastructure, bb&t utilizes a number of internal training methods, both formally through mandatory courses and informally through written communications and other updates. internal policies and procedures have been implemented to encourage the reporting of potential phishing attacks or other security risks. bb&t also uses third party services as part of its cybersecurity framework, and any such third parties are required to comply with bb&t's policies regarding information security and confidentiality. bb&t also uses third party groups to assess and supplement the company's cybersecurity needs.
these cyber attacks have not, to date, resulted in any material disruption to bb&t's operations or harm to its customers and have not had a material adverse effect on bb&t's results of operations; however, there can be no assurance that a sophisticated cyber attack can be detected or thwarted.
reputation risk reputation risk is the risk to current or anticipated earnings, capital, enterprise value, the bb&t brand, and public confidence arising from negative publicity or public opinion, whether real or perceived, regarding bb&t's business practices, products, services, transactions, or other activities undertaken by bb&t, its representatives, or its partners. a negative reputation may impair bb&t's relationship with clients, associates, communities or shareholders, and it is often a residual risk that arises when other risks are not managed properly.
strategic risk strategic risk is the risk to current or anticipated earnings, capital, enterprise value and the achievement of bb&t's vision, mission, purpose and business objectives consistent with its values that arises from bb&t's business strategy or potentially adverse business decisions, improper or ineffective implementation of business decisions or lack of responsiveness to changes in the banking industry and operating environment. strategic risk is a function of bb&t's strategic goals, business strategies, resources and quality of implementation. the responsibility for managing this risk rests with the board of directors, executive management and the senior leadership team.
market risk management the effective management of market risk is essential to achieving bb&t's strategic financial objectives. as a financial institution, bb&t's most significant market risk exposure is interest rate risk in its balance sheet; however, market risk also includes product liquidity risk, price risk and volatility risk in bb&t's lobs. the primary objectives of market risk management are to minimize any adverse effect that changes in market risk factors may have on net interest income, net income and capital and to offset the risk of price changes for certain assets recorded at fair value. at bb&t, market risk management also includes the enterprise-wide ipv function.
bb&t actively manages market risk associated with asset and liability portfolios with a focus on the strategic pricing of asset and liability accounts and management of appropriate maturity mixes of assets and liabilities. the goal of these activities is the development of appropriate maturity and repricing opportunities in bb&t's portfolios of assets and liabilities that will produce reasonably consistent net interest income during periods of changing interest rates. these portfolios are analyzed for proper fixed-rate and variable-rate mixes under various interest rate scenarios.
tableofcontents the asset/liability management process is designed to achieve relatively stable nim and assure liquidity by coordinating the volumes, maturities or repricing opportunities of earning assets, deposits and borrowed funds. among other things, this process gives consideration to prepayment trends related to securities, loans and leases and certain deposits that have no stated maturity. prepayment assumptions are developed using a combination of market data and internal historical prepayment experience for residential mortgage-related loans and securities, and internal historical prepayment experience for client deposits with no stated maturity and loans that are not residential mortgage related. these assumptions are subject to monthly back-testing, and are adjusted as deemed necessary to reflect changes in interest rates relative to the reference rate of the underlying assets or liabilities. on a monthly basis, bb&t evaluates the accuracy of its simulation model, which includes an evaluation of its prepayment assumptions, to ensure that all significant assumptions inherent in the model appropriately reflect changes in the interest rate environment and related trends in prepayment activity. it is the responsibility of the mrlcc to determine and achieve the most appropriate volume and mix of earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, as well as to ensure an adequate level of liquidity and capital, within the context of corporate performance goals. the mrlcc also sets policy guidelines and establishes long-term strategies with respect to interest rate risk exposure and liquidity. the mrlcc meets regularly to review bb&t's interest rate risk and liquidity positions in relation to present and prospective market and business conditions, and adopts funding and balance sheet management strategies that are intended to ensure that the potential impacts on earnings and liquidity as a result of fluctuations in interest rates are within acceptable tolerance guidelines.
bb&t uses derivatives primarily to manage economic risk related to securities, commercial loans, msrs and mortgage banking operations, long-term debt and other funding sources. bb&t also uses derivatives to facilitate transactions on behalf of its clients. as of december 31, 2015, bb&t had derivative financial instruments outstanding with notional amounts totaling $67.5 billion, with a net fair value of a gain of $178 million. see note 18 "derivative financial instruments" in the "notes to consolidated financial statements" herein for additional disclosures.
the majority of bb&t's assets and liabilities are monetary in nature and, therefore, differ greatly from most commercial and industrial companies that have significant investments in fixed assets or inventories. fluctuations in interest rates and actions of the frb to regulate the availability and cost of credit have a greater effect on a financial institution's profitability than do the effects of higher costs for goods and services. through its balance sheet management function, which is monitored by the mrlcc, management believes that bb&t is positioned to respond to changing needs for liquidity, changes in interest rates and inflationary trends.
management uses the simulation to measure the sensitivity of projected earnings to changes in interest rates. the simulation projects net interest income and interest rate risk for a rolling two-year period of time. the simulation takes into account the current contractual agreements that bb&t has made with its customers on deposits, borrowings, loans, investments and commitments to enter into those transactions. furthermore, the simulation considers the impact of expected customer behavior. management monitors bb&t's interest sensitivity by means of a model that incorporates the current volumes, average rates earned and paid, and scheduled maturities and payments of asset and liability portfolios, together with multiple scenarios that include projected prepayments, repricing opportunities and anticipated volume growth. using this information, the model projects earnings based on projected portfolio balances under multiple interest rate scenarios. this level of detail is needed to simulate the effect that changes in interest rates and portfolio balances may have on the earnings of bb&t. this method is subject to the accuracy of the assumptions that underlie the process, but management believes that it provides a better illustration of the sensitivity of earnings to changes in interest rates than other analyses such as static or dynamic gap. in addition to the simulation, bb&t uses eve analysis to focus on projected changes in capital given potential changes in interest rates. this measure also allows bb&t to analyze interest rate risk that falls outside the analysis window contained in the simulation. the eve model is a discounted cash flow of the portfolio of assets, liabilities, and derivative instruments. the difference in the present value of assets minus the present value of liabilities is defined as the economic value of equity.
the asset/liability management process requires a number of key assumptions. management determines the most likely outlook for the economy and interest rates by analyzing external factors, including published economic projections and data, the effects of likely monetary and fiscal policies, as well as any enacted or prospective regulatory changes. bb&t's current and prospective liquidity position, current balance sheet volumes and projected growth, accessibility of funds for short-term needs and capital maintenance are also considered. this data is combined with various interest rate scenarios to provide management with the information necessary to analyze interest sensitivity and to aid in the development of strategies to reach performance goals.
tableofcontents the following table shows the effect that the indicated changes in interest rates would have on net interest income as projected for the next twelve months assuming a gradual change in interest rates as described below. key assumptions in the preparation of the table include prepayment speeds of mortgage-related and other assets, cash flows and maturities of derivative financial instruments, loan volumes and pricing, deposit sensitivity, customer preferences and capital plans. the resulting change in net interest income reflects the level of interest rate sensitivity that income has in relation to the investment, loan and deposit portfolios.
interest sensitivity simulation analysis interest rate scenario                                annualized hypothetical percentage linear                               prime rate              change in net interest income change in                          december 31,              december 31, prime rate                  2015   2014               2015                    2014
the mrlcc has established parameters related to interest sensitivity that prescribe a maximum negative impact on net interest income under different interest rate scenarios. in the event the results of the simulation model fall outside the established parameters, management will make recommendations to the mrlcc on the most appropriate response given the current economic forecast. the following parameters and interest rate scenarios are considered bb&t's primary measures of interest rate risk:
if a parallel rate change of 200 basis points cannot be modeled due to a low level of rates, a proportional limit applies. management currently only models a negative 25 basis point decline because larger parallel declines would have resulted in a federal funds rate of less than zero. in a situation such as this, the maximum negative impact on net interest income is adjusted on a proportional basis. regardless of the proportional limit, the negative risk exposure limit will be the greater of the 1% or the proportional limit.
management has also established a maximum negative impact on net interest income of 4% for an immediate 100 basis points parallel change in rates and 8% for an immediate 200 basis points parallel change in rates. as noted above, management currently only models a negative 25 basis point decline, and the maximum negative impact on net interest income is adjusted on a proportional basis. regardless of the proportional limit, the negative risk exposure limit will be the greater of 2% or the proportional limit. these "interest rate shock" limits are designed to create an outer band of acceptable risk based upon a significant and immediate change in rates.
management also considers potential negative interest rate scenarios, which implies that a depositor would pay a premium for a financial institution to hold funds on deposit. in such a scenario, some depositors may choose to withdraw their deposits in lieu of paying an interest rate to bb&t to hold such deposits. as a result, management considers potential pricing and structure changes, such as the movement to a primarily fee-based deposit system. negative rates would also diminish the spreads on loans and securities. as a result, management considers interest rate floors or rate index floors in loans to mitigate this risk. bb&t purchases both fixed and variable rate securities. the fixed rate securities would be beneficial in a negative interest rate environment.
management must also consider how the balance sheet and interest rate risk position could be impacted by changes in balance sheet mix. liquidity in the banking industry has been very strong during the current economic cycle. much of this liquidity increase has been due to a significant increase in noninterest-bearing demand deposits. consistent with the industry, branch bank has seen a significant increase in this funding source. the behavior of these deposits is one of the most important assumptions used in determining the interest rate risk position of bb&t. a loss of these deposits in the future would reduce the asset sensitivity of bb&t's balance sheet as the company increases interest-bearing funds to offset the loss of this advantageous funding source.
tableofcontents beta represents the correlation between overall market interest rates and the rates paid by bb&t on interest-bearing deposits. bb&t applies an average beta of approximately 80% to its managed rate deposits for determining its interest rate sensitivity. managed rate deposits are high beta, premium money market and interest checking accounts, which attract significant client funds when needed to support balance sheet growth. bb&t regularly conducts sensitivity on other key variables to determine the impact they could have on the interest rate risk position. this allows bb&t to evaluate the likely impact on its balance sheet management strategies due to a more extreme variation in a key assumption than expected.
the following table shows the effect that the loss of demand deposits and an associated increase in managed rate deposits would have on bb&t's interest-rate sensitivity position. for purposes of this analysis, bb&t modeled the incremental beta for the replacement of the lost demand deposits at 100%.
deposit mix sensitivity analysis results assuming a decrease in increase in                                     base scenario                             noninterest-bearing demand deposits rates                                           at december 31, 2015 (1)                  $1 billion                          $5 billion up 200      bps                     2.23                       %              2.01                    %           1.12                    %
if rates increased 200 basis points, bb&t could absorb the loss of $10.1 billion, or 22.0%, of noninterest-bearing demand deposits and replace them with managed rate deposits with a beta of 100% before becoming neutral to interest rate changes.
the following table shows the effect that the indicated changes in interest rates would have on eve. key assumptions in the preparation of the table include prepayment speeds of mortgage-related and other assets, cash flows and maturities of derivative financial instruments, loan volumes and pricing and deposit sensitivity.
market risk from trading activities bb&t also manages market risk from trading activities which consists of acting as a financial intermediary to provide its customers access to derivatives, foreign exchange and securities markets. trading market risk is managed through the use of statistical and non-statistical risk measures and limits. bb&t utilizes a historical var methodology to measure and aggregate risks across its covered trading lobs. this methodology uses two years of historical data to estimate economic outcomes for a one-day time horizon at a 99% confidence level. the average 99% one-day var and the maximum daily var for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014 were each less than $1 million. market risk disclosures under basel ii.5 are available in the additional disclosures section of the investor relations site on www.bbt.com.
liquidity liquidity represents the continuing ability to meet funding needs, including deposit withdrawals, timely repayment of borrowings and other liabilities, and funding of loan commitments. in addition to the level of liquid assets, such as cash, cash equivalents and afs securities, many other factors affect the ability to meet liquidity needs, including access to a variety of funding sources, maintaining borrowing capacity in national money markets, growing core deposits, the repayment of loans and the ability to securitize or package loans for sale.
tableofcontents bb&t monitors the ability to meet customer demand for funds under both normal and stressed market conditions. in considering its liquidity position, management evaluates bb&t's funding mix based on client core funding, client rate-sensitive funding and non-client rate-sensitive funding. in addition, management also evaluates exposure to rate-sensitive funding sources that mature in one year or less. management also measures liquidity needs against 30 days of stressed cash outflows for branch bank. to ensure a strong liquidity position, management maintains a liquid asset buffer of cash on hand and highly liquid unpledged securities. bb&t follows regulation yy for purposes of determining the liquid asset buffer. bb&t's policy is to use the greater of 5% or a range of projected net cash outflows over a 30 day period. as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, bb&t's liquid asset buffer was 13.5% and 13.6%, respectively, of total assets.
bb&t is considered to be a "modified lcr" holding company. bb&t would be subject to full lcr requirements if its operations were to fall under the "internationally active" rules, which would generally be triggered if bb&t's assets were to increase above $250 billion. bb&t produces lcr calculations to effectively manage the position of high-quality liquid assets and the balance sheet deposit mix to optimize bb&t's liquidity position. bb&t's lcr was approximately 130% at december 31, 2015, compared to the regulatory minimum for such entities of 90%, which puts bb&t in full compliance with the rule. the regulatory minimum will increase to 100% on january 1, 2017. as noted above, bb&t is currently subject to the modified lcr requirement. bb&t routinely evaluates the impact of becoming subject to the full lcr requirement. this includes an evaluation of the changes to the balance sheet and investment strategy that would be necessary to comply with the requirement. management does not currently expect the required changes to have a material impact on bb&t's financial condition or results of operations.
parent company the purpose of the parent company is to serve as the primary source of capital for the operating subsidiaries, with assets primarily consisting of cash on deposit with branch bank, equity investments in subsidiaries, advances to subsidiaries, accounts receivable from subsidiaries, and other miscellaneous assets. the principal obligations of the parent company are payments on long-term debt. the main sources of funds for the parent company are dividends and management fees from subsidiaries, repayments of advances to subsidiaries, and proceeds from the issuance of equity and long-term debt. the primary uses of funds by the parent company are for investments in subsidiaries, advances to subsidiaries, dividend payments to common and preferred shareholders, retirement of common stock and payments on long-term debt.
the primary source of funds used for parent company cash requirements was dividends received from subsidiaries. see note 16 "parent company financial statements" for additional information regarding dividends from subsidiaries. in addition, the parent company issued $1.0 billion of senior notes and repaid $934 million of long-term debt. during periods that the parent company has funds raised through master note agreements with commercial clients, these funds are placed in a note receivable at branch bank primarily for its use in meeting short-term funding needs and, to a lesser extent, to support the short-term cash needs of the parent company. there were no master notes outstanding as of december 31, 2015 or 2014.
liquidity at the parent company is more susceptible to market disruptions. bb&t prudently manages cash levels at the parent company to cover a minimum of one year of projected contractual cash outflows which includes unfunded external commitments, debt service, preferred dividends and scheduled debt maturities without the benefit of any new cash infusions. generally, bb&t maintains a significant buffer above the projected one year of contractual cash outflows. in determining the buffer, bb&t considers cash requirements for common and preferred dividends, unfunded commitments to affiliates, being a source of strength to its banking subsidiaries and being able to withstand sustained market disruptions that could limit access to the capital markets. as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, the parent company had 36 months and 31 months, respectively, of cash on hand to satisfy projected contractual cash outflows as described above.
branch bank bb&t carefully manages liquidity risk at branch bank. branch bank's primary source of funding is customer deposits. continued access to customer deposits is highly dependent on the confidence the public has in the stability of the bank and its ability to return funds to the client when requested. bb&t maintains a strong focus on its reputation in the market to ensure continued access to client deposits. bb&t integrates its risk appetite into its overall risk management framework to ensure the bank does not exceed its risk tolerance through its lending and other risk taking functions and thus risk becoming undercapitalized. bb&t believes that sufficient capital is paramount to maintaining the confidence of its depositors and other funds providers. bb&t has extensive capital management processes in place to ensure it maintains sufficient capital to absorb losses and maintain a highly capitalized position that will instill confidence in the bank and allow continued access to deposits and other funding sources. branch bank monitors many liquidity metrics at the bank including funding concentrations, diversification, maturity distribution, contingent funding needs and ability to meet liquidity requirements under times of stress.
tableofcontents branch bank has several major sources of funding to meet its liquidity requirements, including access to capital markets through issuance of senior or subordinated bank notes and institutional cds, access to the fhlb system, dealer repurchase agreements and repurchase agreements with commercial clients, access to the overnight and term federal funds markets, use of a cayman branch facility, access to retail brokered cds and a borrower in custody program with the frb for the discount window. as of december 31, 2015, bb&t has approximately $70.6 billion of secured borrowing capacity, which represents approximately 6.3 times the amount of one year wholesale funding maturities.
the ability to raise funding at competitive prices is affected by the rating agencies' views of the parent company's and branch bank's credit quality, liquidity, capital and earnings. management meets with the rating agencies on a regular basis to discuss current outlooks. the ratings for bb&t and branch bank by the major rating agencies are detailed in the table below:
credit ratings of bb&amp;t corporation and branch bank december 31, 2015
s&amp;p          moody's          fitch           dbrs bb&amp;t corporation:
bank financial strength                   n/a              n/a              a+              n/a long term deposits                        n/a              aa1              aa-             aa(low)
short term deposits                       n/a              p-1              f1+             r-1(middle)
credit trend                              stable           stable           stable          stable bb&t and branch bank have contingency funding plans designed to ensure that liquidity sources are sufficient to meet their ongoing obligations and commitments, particularly in the event of a liquidity contraction. these plans are designed to examine and quantify the organization's liquidity under various "stress" scenarios. additionally, the plans provide a framework for management and other critical personnel to follow in the event of a liquidity contraction or in anticipation of such an event. the plans address authority for activation and decision making, liquidity options and the responsibilities of key departments in the event of a liquidity contraction. the liquidity options available to management could include seeking secured funding, asset sales, and under the most extreme scenarios, curtailing new loan originations.
management believes current sources of liquidity are adequate to meet bb&t's current requirements and plans for continued growth. see note 5 "premises and equipment," note 9 "long-term debt" and note 14 "commitments and contingencies" in the "notes to consolidated financial statements" for additional information regarding outstanding balances of sources of liquidity and contractual commitments and obligations.
contractual obligations, commitments, contingent liabilities, off-balance sheet arrangements and related party transactions the following table presents, as of december 31, 2015, bb&t's contractual obligations by payment date. the payment amounts represent those amounts contractually due to the recipient. the table excludes liabilities recorded where management cannot reasonably estimate the timing of any payments that may be required in connection with these liabilities. further discussion of the nature of each obligation is included in note 14 "commitments and contingencies" in the "notes to consolidated financial statements."
contractual obligations and other commitments december 31, 2015
long-term debt and capital leases                                $23,346                                $5,471                                 $6,044                                                  $4,742                                 $7,089
commitments to fund affordable housing investments               654                                    354                                    260                                                         21                                     19
private equity commitments (1)                                   233                                    55                                     110                                                         47                                     21
time deposits                                                                 17,558                                 11,813                                      4,263                                  1,452                                     30
(1)   maturities are based on estimated payment dates.
the table above excludes the future cash payments associated with the nonqualified pension plans. refer to note 13 "benefit plans" for information related to future payments under these plans.
bb&t's commitments include investments in affordable housing and historic building rehabilitation projects throughout its market area and private equity funds. refer to note 1 "summary of significant accounting policies" and to note 14 "commitments and contingencies" in the "notes to consolidated financial statements" for further discussion of these commitments.
in addition, bb&t enters into derivative contracts to manage various financial risks. a derivative is a financial instrument that derives its cash flows, and therefore its value, by reference to an underlying instrument, index or referenced interest rate. derivative contracts are carried at fair value on the consolidated balance sheets with the fair value representing the net present value of expected future cash receipts or payments based on market interest rates as of the balance sheet date. derivative contracts are written in amounts referred to as notional amounts, which only provide the basis for calculating payments between counterparties and are not a measure of financial risk. therefore, the derivative liabilities recorded on the balance sheet as of december 31, 2015 do not represent the amounts that may ultimately be paid under these contracts. further discussion of derivative instruments is included in note 1 "summary of significant accounting policies" and note 18 "derivative financial instruments" in the "notes to consolidated financial statements."
in the ordinary course of business, bb&t indemnifies its officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law against liabilities arising from litigation. bb&t also issues standard representation and warranties in underwriting agreements, merger and acquisition agreements, loan sales, brokerage activities and other similar arrangements. counterparties in many of these indemnifications provide similar indemnifications to bb&t. although these agreements often do not specify limitations, bb&t does not believe that any payments related to these guarantees would materially change the financial condition or results of operations of bb&t.
bb&t holds public funds in certain states that do not require 100% collateralization on public fund bank deposits. in these states, should the failure of another public fund depository institution result in a loss for the public entity, the resulting shortfall would have to be absorbed on a pro-rata basis by the remaining financial institutions holding public funds in that state.
as a member of the fhlb, bb&t is required to maintain a minimum investment in capital stock. the board of directors of the fhlb can increase the minimum investment requirements in the event it has concluded that additional capital is required to allow it to meet its own regulatory capital requirements. any increase in the minimum investment requirements outside of specified ranges requires the approval of the federal housing finance agency. because the extent of any obligation to increase bb&t's investment in the fhlb depends entirely upon the occurrence of a future event, potential future payments to the fhlb are not determinable.
tableofcontents in the normal course of business, bb&t is also a party to financial instruments to meet the financing needs of clients and to mitigate exposure to interest rate risk. such financial instruments include commitments to extend credit and certain contractual agreements, including standby letters of credit and financial guarantee arrangements. further discussion of bb&t's commitments is included in note 14 "commitments and contingencies" and note 17 "fair value disclosures" in the "notes to consolidated financial statements."
mortgage indemnification, recourse and repurchase reserves activity (1)
acquisitions              5                                             -                             -
related party transactions the company may transact with its officers, directors and other related parties in the ordinary course of business. these transactions include substantially the same terms as comparable third-party arrangements and are in compliance with applicable banking regulations.
capital the maintenance of appropriate levels of capital is a management priority and is monitored on a regular basis. bb&t's principal goals related to the maintenance of capital are to provide adequate capital to support bb&t's risk profile consistent with the board-approved risk appetite, provide financial flexibility to support future growth and client needs, comply with relevant laws, regulations, and supervisory guidance, achieve optimal credit ratings for bb&t and its subsidiaries and provide a competitive return to shareholders.
management regularly monitors the capital position of bb&t on both a consolidated and bank level basis. in this regard, management's overriding policy is to maintain capital at levels that are in excess of the operating capital guidelines, which are above the regulatory "well capitalized" levels. management has implemented stressed capital ratio minimum guidelines to evaluate whether capital ratios calculated with planned capital actions are likely to remain above minimums specified by the frb for the annual ccar. breaches of stressed minimum guidelines prompt a review of the planned capital actions included in bb&t's capital plan.
bb&amp;t's internal capital guidelines for basel iii operating                   stressed tier 1 capital ratio              10.0   %                    7.5        %
total capital ratio               12.0                        9.5
tier 1 leverage capital ratio      8.0                        5.5
tangible common equity ratio       6.0                        4.0
tier 1 common equity ratio         8.5                        6.0
payments of cash dividends and repurchases of common shares are the methods used to manage any excess capital generated. in addition, management closely monitors the parent company's double leverage ratio (investments in subsidiaries as a percentage of shareholders' equity). the active management of the subsidiaries' equity capital, as described above, is the process used to manage this important driver of parent company liquidity and is a key element in the management of bb&t's capital position.
tableofcontents management intends to maintain capital at branch bank at levels that will result in classification as "well-capitalized" for regulatory purposes. secondarily, it is management's intent to maintain branch bank's capital at levels that result in regulatory risk-based capital ratios that are generally comparable with peers of similar size, complexity and risk profile. if the capital levels of branch bank increase above these guidelines, excess capital may be transferred to the parent company in the form of special dividend payments, subject to regulatory and other operating considerations.
while nonrecurring events or management decisions may result in the company temporarily falling below its operating minimum guidelines for one or more of these ratios, it is management's intent through capital planning to return to these targeted operating minimums within a reasonable period of time. such temporary decreases below the operating minimums shown above are not considered an infringement of bb&t's overall capital policy, provided a return above the minimums is forecast to occur within a reasonable time period.
bb&t regularly performs stress testing on its capital levels and is required to periodically submit the company's capital plans to the banking regulators. the frb did not object to the company's 2015 capital plan, and the 2016 capital plan is expected to be submitted during april 2016. management's capital deployment plan in order of preference is to focus on organic growth, dividends, strategic opportunities and share repurchases.
risk-based capital ratios, which include tier 1 capital, total capital and tier 1 common equity, are calculated based on regulatory guidance related to the measurement of capital and risk-weighted assets. the decrease in regulatory capital was primarily due to current year acquisition activity, partially offset by earnings in excess of dividends.
capital ratios december 31, 2015                               december 31, 2014
common equity tier 1                                                               10.3   %                                         n/a tier 1                                                                             11.8                                            12.4   %
leverage capital                                                                                      9.8                                             9.9
non-gaap capital measures (1):
tangible common equity as a percentage of tangible assets                           7.7   %                                         8.0   %
tangible common equity per common share                                          $19.82                                          $19.86
calculations of tangible common equity and tangible assets (1):
total shareholders' equity                                                      $27,340                                         $24,377
tangible common equity                                                          $15,469                                         $14,312
(1)       tangible common equity and related ratios are non-gaap measures. management uses these measures to assess the quality of capital and believes that investors may find them useful in their analysis of the company. these capital measures are not necessarily comparable to similar capital measures that may be presented by other companies.
(2)   risk-weighted assets are determined based on the regulatory capital requirements in effect for the periods presented.
the company's estimated common equity tier 1 ratio using the basel iii standardized approach on a fully phased-in basis was 10.0% at december 31, 2015.
quarterly financial summary-unaudited (1)
provision for credit losses                             129                           103                            97                            99                            83                            34                            74                            60
securities gains (losses), net                            -                           (2)                           (1)                             -                             -                           (5)                             -                             2
securities, at amortized cost                        43,468                        43,048                        40,727                        41,133                        40,817                        40,566                        40,656                        40,117
deposits                                            148,491                       143,837                       131,868                       129,531                       130,315                       130,608                       129,599                       125,718
total interest-bearing liabilities                  129,671                       126,650                       116,062                       116,412                       116,419                       117,895                       118,133                       117,079
shareholders' equity                                 27,378                        26,612                        24,888                        24,566                        24,574                        24,151                        23,841                        23,233
(1)        effective january 1, 2015, bb&amp;t adopted new guidance related to investments in qualified affordable housing projects. see note 14 "commitments and contingencies" for additional information.
fourth quarter results consolidated net income available to common shareholders for the fourth quarter of 2015 totaling $502 million was down 8.9% compared to $551 million earned during the same period in 2014. on a diluted per common share basis, earnings for the fourth quarter of 2015 were $0.64, down 14.7% compared to $0.75 for the same period in 2014. bb&t's results of operations for the fourth quarter of 2015 produced an annualized return on average assets of 1.03% and an annualized return on average common shareholders' equity of 8.06%, compared to prior year ratios of 1.28% and 9.99%, respectively. these results include merger-related and restructuring charges of $50 million and $18 million, respectively.
total revenues on a fte basis were $2.6 billion for the fourth quarter of 2015, up $164 million compared to the earlier quarter. this increase was driven by a $171 million increase in taxable-equivalent net interest income, largely the result of the susquehanna and the bank of kentucky acquisitions net interest margin was 3.35%, compared to 3.36% for the earlier quarter. average earning assets increased $20.6 billion, or 12.7%, while average interest-bearing liabilities increased $13.3 billion, or 11.4%, both of which were primarily driven by the susquehanna and the bank of kentucky acquisitions. the annualized yield on the total loan portfolio for the fourth quarter was 4.31%, an increase of two basis points compared to the earlier quarter, which primarily reflects the impact of the current year acquisitions, partially offset by runoff of loans acquired from the fdic. the annualized fully taxable-equivalent yield on the average securities portfolio for the fourth quarter was 2.30%, compared to 2.45% for the earlier period. this decline reflects lower rates on mortgage-backed securities, runoff of securities acquired from the fdic and larger holdings in u.s. treasuries.
tableofcontents the average annualized cost of interest-bearing deposits was 0.24%, a decline of one basis point compared to the earlier quarter. the average annualized rate paid on long-term debt was 2.11%, compared to 2.22% for the earlier quarter. this decrease was primarily due to early extinguishments of higher cost fhlb advances.
excluding acquired from fdic and pci loans, the provision for credit losses was $128 million, compared to $84 million in the earlier quarter. the earlier quarter included a $24 million allowance release related to the sale of nonperforming mortgage loans, which also resulted in $4 million of net recoveries. net charge-offs for the fourth quarter of 2015, excluding loans acquired from the fdic and pci, totaled $130 million, compared to $102 million for the earlier quarter.
noninterest expense was $1.6 billion for the fourth quarter of 2015, an increase of $203 million compared to the earlier quarter. this increase was primarily driven by the susquehanna and the bank of kentucky acquisitions, which resulted in higher personnel expense, occupancy and equipment expense, merger-related and restructuring charges and other expense. these increases were partially offset by a decrease in loan-related expense.
reclassifications in certain circumstances, reclassifications have been made to prior period information to conform to the current presentation. such reclassifications had no effect on previously reported shareholders' equity or net income.
critical accounting policies the accounting and reporting policies of bb&t are in accordance with gaap and conform to the accounting and reporting guidelines prescribed by bank regulatory authorities. the financial position and results of operations are affected by management's application of accounting policies, including estimates, assumptions and judgments made to arrive at the carrying value of assets and liabilities and amounts reported for revenues and expenses. different assumptions in the application of these policies could result in material changes in the consolidated financial position and/or consolidated results of operations and related disclosures. understanding bb&t's accounting policies is fundamental to understanding the consolidated financial position and consolidated results of operations. accordingly, bb&t's significant accounting policies and changes in accounting principles and effects of new accounting pronouncements are discussed in detail in note 1 "summary of significant accounting policies" in the "notes to consolidated financial statements."
the following is a summary of bb&t's critical accounting policies that are highly dependent on estimates, assumptions and judgments. these critical accounting policies are reviewed with the audit committee of the board of directors on a periodic basis.
acl bb&t's policy is to maintain an alll and a rufc that represent management's best estimate of probable credit losses inherent in the loan and lease portfolios and off-balance sheet lending commitments at the balance sheet date. estimates for loan and lease losses are determined by analyzing historical loan and lease losses, historical loan and lease migration to charge-off experience, current trends in delinquencies and charge-offs, expected cash flows on purchased loans, current assessment of problem loans and leases, the results of regulatory examinations and changes in the size, composition and risk assessment of the loan and lease portfolio. as part of this process, bb&t develops a series of loss estimate factors, which are modeled projections of the frequency, timing and severity of losses. these loss estimate factors are based on historical loss experience, economic and political environmental considerations and any other data that management believes will provide evidence about the expected collectability of outstanding loan and lease amounts. the following table summarizes the loss estimate factors used to determine the alll:
loss frequency         indicates the likelihood of a borrower defaulting on a loan loss severity          indicates the amount of estimated loss at the time of default
tableofcontents for collectively evaluated loans, the alll is determined by multiplying the loan exposure by the loss frequency and loss severity factors. for individually evaluated loans, the alll is determined through review of data specific to the borrower. for tdrs, default expectations and estimated slower prepayment speeds that are specific to each of the restructured loan populations are incorporated in the determination of the alll. also included in management's estimates for loan and lease losses are considerations with respect to the impact of current economic events, the outcomes of which are uncertain. these events may include, but are not limited to, fluctuations in overall interest rates, political conditions, legislation that may directly or indirectly affect the banking industry and economic conditions affecting specific geographical areas and industries in which bb&t conducts business.
the methodology used to determine an estimate for the rufc is inherently similar to the methodology used in calculating the alll adjusted for factors specific to binding commitments, including the probability of funding and exposure at the time of funding. a detailed discussion of the methodology used in determining the alll and the rufc is included in note 1 "summary of significant accounting policies" in the "notes to consolidated financial statements."
fair value of financial instruments the vast majority of assets and liabilities carried at fair value are based on either quoted market prices or market prices for similar instruments. see note 17 "fair value disclosures" in the "notes to consolidated financial statements" herein for additional disclosures regarding the fair value of financial instruments.
securities bb&t generally utilizes a third-party pricing service in determining the fair value of its afs and trading securities. fair value measurements are derived from market-based pricing matrices that were developed using observable inputs that include benchmark yields, benchmark securities, reported trades, offers, bids, issuer spreads and broker quotes. management performs various procedures to evaluate the accuracy of the fair values provided by the third-party service provider. these procedures, which are performed independent of the responsible lob, include comparison of pricing information received from the third party pricing service to other third party pricing sources, review of additional information provided by the third party pricing service and other third party sources for selected securities and back-testing to compare the price realized on any security sales to the daily pricing information received from the third party pricing service. the ipv committee, which provides oversight to bb&t's enterprise-wide ipv function, is responsible for oversight of the comparison of pricing information received from the third party pricing service to other third party pricing sources, approving tolerance limits determined by ipv for price comparison exceptions, reviewing significant changes to pricing and valuation policies and reviewing and approving the pricing decisions made on any illiquid and hard-to-price securities. when market observable data is not available, which generally occurs due to the lack of liquidity for certain securities, the valuation of the security is subjective and may involve substantial judgment by management.
bb&t periodically reviews afs securities with an unrealized loss. an unrealized loss exists when the current fair value of an individual security is less than its amortized cost basis. the purpose of the review is to consider the length of time and the extent to which the market value of a security has been below its amortized cost. the primary factors bb&t considers in determining whether an impairment is other-than-temporary are long-term expectations and recent experience regarding principal and interest payments and bb&t's intent to sell and whether it is more likely than not that the company would be required to sell those securities before the anticipated recovery of the amortized cost basis.
msrs bb&t has a significant mortgage loan servicing portfolio with two classes of msrs for which it separately manages the economic risk: residential and commercial. residential msrs are primarily carried at fair value with changes in fair value recorded as a component of mortgage banking income. bb&t uses various derivative instruments to mitigate the income statement effect of changes in fair value due to changes in valuation inputs and assumptions of its residential msrs. msrs do not trade in an active, open market with readily observable prices. while sales of msrs do occur, the precise terms and conditions typically are not readily available. accordingly, bb&t estimates the fair value of residential msrs using an oas valuation model to project msr cash flows over multiple interest rate scenarios, which are then discounted at risk-adjusted rates. the oas model considers portfolio characteristics, contractually specified servicing fees, prepayment assumptions, delinquency rates, late charges, other ancillary revenue, costs to service and other economic factors. bb&t reassesses and periodically adjusts the underlying inputs and assumptions in the oas model to reflect market conditions and assumptions that a market participant would consider in valuing the msr asset.
tableofcontents fair value estimates and assumptions are compared to industry surveys, recent market activity, actual portfolio experience and, when available, observable market data. due to the nature of the valuation inputs, msrs are classified within level 3 of the valuation hierarchy. the value of msrs is significantly affected by mortgage interest rates available in the marketplace, which influence mortgage loan prepayment speeds. in general, during periods of declining interest rates, the value of msrs declines due to increasing prepayments attributable to increased mortgage-refinance activity. conversely, during periods of rising interest rates, the value of msrs generally increases due to reduced refinance activity. refer to note 7 "loan servicing" in the "notes to consolidated financial statements" for quantitative disclosures reflecting the effect that changes in management's assumptions would have on the fair value of msrs.
lhfs bb&t originates certain mortgage loans for sale to investors that are carried at fair value. the fair value is primarily based on quoted market prices for securities backed by similar types of loans. changes in the fair value are recorded as a component of mortgage banking income, while the related origination costs are recognized in noninterest expense when incurred. the changes in fair value are largely driven by changes in interest rates subsequent to loan funding and changes in the fair value of servicing associated with the lhfs. bb&t uses various derivative instruments to mitigate the economic effect of changes in fair value of the underlying loans.
derivative assets and liabilities bb&t uses derivatives to manage various financial risks. bb&t mitigates the credit risk by subjecting counterparties to credit reviews and approvals similar to those used in making loans and other extensions of credit. in addition, certain counterparties are required to provide collateral to bb&t when their unsecured loss positions exceed certain negotiated limits. the fair values of derivative financial instruments are determined based on quoted market prices and internal pricing models that are primarily sensitive to market observable data. the fair value of interest rate lock commitments, which are related to mortgage loan commitments, is based on quoted market prices adjusted for commitments that bb&t does not expect to fund and includes the value attributable to the net servicing fee.
private equity and similar investments bb&t has private equity and similar investments that are carried at fair value. changes in the fair value of these investments are recorded in other noninterest income each period. in many cases there are no observable market values for these investments and management must estimate the fair value based on a comparison of the operating performance of the company to multiples in the marketplace for similar entities. this analysis requires significant judgment, and actual values in a sale could differ materially from those estimated. as of december 31, 2015, bb&t had $289 million of these investments, which represented less than 1% of total assets.
intangible assets the acquisition method of accounting requires that acquired assets and liabilities are recorded at their fair values. this often involves estimates based on third party valuations or internal valuations based on discounted cash flow analyses or other valuation techniques, all of which are inherently subjective. the amortization of identified intangible assets is based upon the estimated economic benefits to be received, which is also subjective. acquisitions typically result in goodwill, which is subject to ongoing periodic impairment tests based on the fair values of the reporting units to which the acquired goodwill relates. refer to note 1 "summary of significant accounting policies" in the "notes to consolidated financial statements" for a description of the impairment testing process. management considers the sensitivity of the significant assumptions in its impairment analysis including consideration of a 10% change in estimated future cash flows or the discount rate for each reporting unit.
tableofcontents pension and postretirement benefit obligations bb&t offers various pension plans and postretirement benefit plans to employees. calculation of the obligations and related expenses under these plans requires the use of actuarial valuation methods and assumptions, which are subject to management judgment and may differ significantly if different assumptions are used. the discount rate assumption used to measure the postretirement benefit obligations is set by reference to a high-quality (aa-rated or higher) corporate bond yield curve and the individual characteristics of the plans such as projected cash flow patterns and payment durations. management evaluated the sensitivity changes that the expected return on plan assets and the discount rate would have on pension expense for 2015. a decrease of 25 basis points in the discount rate would result in additional pension expense of approximately $24 million for 2016, while a decrease of 100 basis points in the expected return on plan assets would result in an increase of approximately $46 million in pension expense for 2016. refer to note 13 "benefit plans" in the "notes to consolidated financial statements" for disclosures related to bb&t's benefit plans.
income taxes the calculation of bb&t's income tax provision is complex and requires the use of estimates and judgments. as part of the company's analysis and implementation of business strategies, consideration is given to the tax laws and regulations that apply to the specific facts and circumstances for any tax position under evaluation. for tax positions that are uncertain in nature, management determines whether the tax position is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination. for tax positions that meet this threshold, management then estimates the amount of the tax benefit to recognize in the financial statements. management closely monitors tax developments in order to evaluate the effect they may have on the company's overall tax position and the estimates and judgments used in determining the income tax provision and records adjustments as necessary.