item 1a.   risk factors
you should carefully consider the risks described below together with the other information set forth in this report, which could materially affect our business, financial condition and future results. the risks described below are not the only risks facing our company. risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results.
risks related to our business and industry we may experience significant delays or other complications in the design, manufacture, launch and production ramp of new vehicles such as model x and future vehicles such as model 3, which could harm our brand, business, prospects, financial condition and operating results.
we may experience significant delays or other complications in bringing to market and ramping production of new vehicles, such as model x. while we commenced model x deliveries late in the third quarter of 2015, we have only recently begun manufacturing model x vehicles, and various factors could result in delays in its production ramp, including the capacity of our suppliers to deliver us components at the timing and volumes we require and production limitations that are needed to maintain our quality production standards. in addition, since model x shares certain production facilities with the model s, the volume or efficiency of model s production may be impacted if the ramp of model x is not as efficient as we plan.
we have experienced delays or other complications in connection with new vehicle models in the past, such as production ramp delays for model s in 2012 and the all-wheel drive dual motor model s, and the launch of model x. any significant additional delay or other complication in the ramp of model x or the development, manufacture, launch and production ramp of our future vehicles, including complications associated with expanding our production capacity, supply chain or regulatory approvals, could materially damage our brand, business, prospects, financial condition and operating results.
the complexity in our business continues to grow as we introduce new products and variants.
we have limited experience simultaneously designing, testing, manufacturing, upgrading, adapting and selling our electric vehicles as well as limited experience allocating our available resources among the design and production of multiple vehicles, such as model s, model x and model 3, and the variants thereof. in the past, when we have added complexity to our production line, we have occasionally experienced unexpected delays. similar problems may occur in the future as we simultaneously produce model x and model s vehicles, as well as future vehicles and tesla energy products.
we may be unable to meet our production and delivery plans for model s and model x, both of which could harm our business and prospects.
we have significantly increased vehicle production and deliveries, and our plans call for significant increases in vehicle production and deliveries going forward. our ability to further increase vehicle production, including the ramp of model x production, will depend upon a number of factors, including our ability to use new manufacturing processes as planned while maintaining our desired quality levels, our suppliers' ability to deliver sufficient volumes of quality parts to us in a timely manner, and carefully but efficiently making design and production changes to ensure consistently high quality. certain suppliers have historically experienced delays in meeting our demand or have sought to renegotiate the terms of the supply arrangements, and we continue to focus on supplier capabilities and constraints. while our plans call for us to significantly increase vehicle production and deliveries in a short amount of time, we may be unable to do so. any delays or disruption in our production of model s and model x in line with our plans could materially damage our brand, business, prospects, financial condition and operating results.
in addition, we have introduced a number of new manufacturing technologies and techniques for our vehicles, such as aluminum spot welding systems and high-speed blow forming of certain difficult to stamp vehicle parts. our vehicles also have unique design features, such as a 17 inch display screen, retractable exterior door handles, and all-new dual motor and autopilot hardware introduced in model s and falcon-wing doors and other unique features introduced in model x, each of which poses different manufacturing challenges.
concurrent with the significant increase in our planned vehicle production levels, we will also need to continue to significantly increase deliveries of our vehicles. we have limited experience in delivering a high volume of vehicles, and we may face difficulties meeting our delivery and growth plans into both existing markets as well as new markets into which we expand. if we are unable to ramp up to meet our delivery goals globally, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results.
finally, detailed long-term testing of quality, reliability and durability of our vehicles is ongoing, and in the case of model x vehicles has only recently commenced, and any negative results from such testing could cause production or delivery delays or cost increases.
our long-term success will be dependent upon our ability to achieve market acceptance of our vehicles, including model s and model x, and new vehicle models such as model 3.
there is no guarantee that model s, model x or our future vehicles such as model 3 will continue to be successfully accepted by the general public, especially in the long-term. although we have successfully grown demand for model s to date and have seen strong initial demand for model x, and we believe that we will be able to continue to grow demand for these vehicles, there is no guarantee that future demand for model s or model x will meet our expectations.
additionally, we have limited experience in introducing new vehicles. although our reservation conversion rate for model x has been strong, we have only recently commenced production and deliveries of model x. to the extent that we are not able to build model x in accordance with consumer expectations, customers may cancel their reservations and our future sales could be harmed.
while we believe that there will continue to be separate and strong demand for both model s and model x, we have limited experience in selling multiple vehicle models at the same time. although we believe that each of our vehicles and their variants meet a distinct segment of the automotive market, if our vehicles end up competing with one another in the market, then our ability to sell each vehicle model at planned quantities or prices may be impacted.
beyond model x, we have announced our intent to develop model 3, which we intend to offer at a lower price point and to produce at high volumes. we have not yet finalized the design, engineering or material and component sourcing plans for model 3. if we are not successful in bringing it to market at the expected price point and the expected volume, our operating results may suffer. additionally, while we expect model 3 to be an extremely popular vehicle, we do not know what long-term demand for model 3 will be and whether it will meet our expectations. furthermore, the market for vehicles in the price range we expect for model 3 is larger, but more competitive, than the markets for model s and model x.
problems or delays in bringing the gigafactory online and operating it in line with our expectations could negatively affect the production and profitability of our products, such as model 3 or tesla energy products.
to lower the cost of cell production and produce cells in high volume, we intend to integrate the production of lithium-ion cells and finished battery packs for our vehicles, including model 3, and tesla energy products at our new gigafactory. we have limited experience in building a factory, and no direct experience in the production of lithium-ion cells. also, the cost and complexity of building and operating the gigafactory could exceed our current expectations and the gigafactory may take longer to bring online for lithium-ion cell and battery pack production than we anticipate. if we are unable to build the gigafactory in a timely manner to produce high volumes of quality lithium-ion cells at reasonable prices, our ability to supply battery packs to our vehicle and other products according to our schedule and/or at a price that allows us to sell them profitably and in the quantities we estimate could be constrained. any such problems or delays with the gigafactory could negatively affect our brand and harm our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results.
if our vehicles or vehicles that contain our powertrains fail to perform as expected, our ability to develop, market and sell our electric vehicles could be harmed.
if our vehicles or vehicles that contain our powertrains were to contain defects in design and manufacture that cause them not to perform as expected or that require repair, our ability to develop, market and sell our vehicles could be harmed. for example, the operation of our vehicles is highly dependent on software, which is inherently complex and could conceivably contain defects and errors. issues that have historically been experienced by customers include those related to the software for the 17 inch display screen, the panoramic roof and the 12 volt battery in the model s. although we attempt to remedy any issues we observe in our vehicles as effectively and as rapidly as possible, such efforts may not be timely, may hamper production or may not be up to the satisfaction of our customers. while we have performed extensive internal testing, we currently have a limited frame of reference by which to evaluate the long-term performance of our battery packs, powertrains, vehicles and tesla energy products. there can be no assurance that we will be able to detect and fix any defects in our products prior to their sale to consumers.
any vehicle product defects or any other failure of our vehicles to perform as expected could harm our reputation and result in delivery delays, product recalls, product liability claims, significant warranty and other expenses, and could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects. our model x vehicles have not yet been evaluated by nhtsa for its 5-star safety ratings, and while based on our internal testing we expect to obtain comparable ratings to those achieved by model s, there is no assurance this will occur.
we are dependent on our suppliers, the majority of which are single source suppliers, and the inability of these suppliers to continue to deliver, or their refusal to deliver, necessary components of our vehicles in a timely manner at prices, quality levels, and volumes acceptable to us would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results.
model s and model x contain numerous purchased parts which we source globally from hundreds of direct suppliers, the majority of whom are currently single source suppliers despite efforts to qualify and obtain components from multiple sources whenever possible. furthermore, we do not maintain long-term agreements with a number of our suppliers.
while we may be able to establish alternate supply relationships or engineer replacement components for our single source components, we may be unable to do so in the short term, or at all, at prices or costs that are favorable to us. in particular, while we believe that we will be able to secure alternate sources of supply for most of our single sourced components in a relatively short time frame, qualifying alternate suppliers or developing our own replacements for certain highly customized components of our vehicles may be time consuming, costly and may force us to make additional modifications to a vehicle's design.
this limited supply chain exposes us to multiple potential sources of delivery failure or component shortages for the production of our vehicles and powertrain components. we may experience delays due to supply chain disruptions with respect to model s, model x, model 3 and any other future vehicle we may produce, such as those we experienced in 2012 in connection with our slower-than-anticipated model s ramp. in addition, our currently ongoing transition from low to high volume production tooling for model x may take longer than expected which may adversely impact our short-term financial results.
changes in business conditions, labor issues, wars, governmental changes, natural disasters such as the march 2011 earthquakes in japan and other factors beyond our control or which we do not presently anticipate, could also affect our suppliers' ability to deliver components to us on a timely basis. furthermore, if we experience significantly increased demand, or need to replace certain existing suppliers, there can be no assurance that additional supplies of component parts will be available when required on terms that are favorable to us, or that any supplier would allocate sufficient supplies to us in order to meet our requirements or fill our orders in a timely manner, or that we could engineer replacement components ourselves.
changes in our supply chain have resulted in the past, and may result in the future, in increased cost. we have also experienced cost increases from certain of our suppliers in order to meet our quality targets and development timelines as well as due to design changes that we made, and we may experience similar cost increases in the future. additionally, we are negotiating with existing suppliers for cost reductions, seeking new and less expensive suppliers for certain parts, and attempting to redesign certain parts to make them less expensive to produce. if we are unsuccessful in our efforts to control and reduce supplier costs, our operating results will suffer.
finally, in october 2013, we entered into an amendment to our existing supply agreement with panasonic corporation in order to address our anticipated short- to medium-term lithium-ion battery cell needs. while we expect that this supply agreement, as amended, will provide us with sufficient cells for the next few years, we may not be able to meet our long-term needs, including for model 3 and other programs we may introduce, without securing additional suppliers or other sources for cells. we have signed an agreement with panasonic to be our partner in the gigafactory and be responsible for, among other things, manufacturing cells from there for use in our products. if we encounter unexpected difficulties with our current suppliers, including panasonic, and if we are unable to fill these needs from other suppliers, we could experience production delays, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results.
our future growth is dependent upon consumers' willingness to adopt electric vehicles.
our growth is highly dependent upon the adoption by consumers of alternative fuel vehicles in general and electric vehicles in particular. if the market for electric vehicles does not develop as we expect, or develops more slowly than we expect, our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results will be harmed. the market for alternative fuel vehicles is relatively new, rapidly evolving, and subject to numerous external factors, such as:
·   perceptions about electric vehicle quality, safety, performance, cost, and the convenience of charging;
·   perceptions about the limited range over which electric vehicles may be driven on a single battery charge;
·   the availability of other types of alternative fuel vehicles, including plug-in hybrid electric vehicles, improvements in the fuel economy of the internal combustion engine;
·   volatility in the cost of oil and gasoline;
·   and access to charging facilities.
if we fail to manage future growth effectively as we rapidly grow our company, especially internationally, we may not be able to produce, market, sell and service our vehicles successfully.
any failure to manage our growth effectively could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition. we continue to expand our operations significantly internationally, particularly in asia. our future operating results depend to a large extent on our ability to manage this expansion and growth successfully. risks that we face in undertaking this global expansion include controlling expenses; establishing sufficient sales, service and supercharger facilities in a timely manner; adapting our products to meet local requirements; implementing the required infrastructure, systems and processes; and finding and hiring a significant number of additional personnel, including manufacturing personnel, design personnel, engineers and service technicians.
if we are unable to adequately reduce the manufacturing costs of model s, control manufacturing costs for model x, or otherwise control the costs associated with operating our business, our financial condition and operating results will suffer.
as we have gradually ramped production of model s, manufacturing costs per vehicle have decreased. while we expect ongoing cost reductions to be realized by both us and our suppliers, there is no guarantee we will be able to achieve sufficient cost savings to reach our gross margin and profitability goals. we incur significant costs related to procuring the raw materials required to manufacture our vehicles, assembling vehicles and compensating our personnel. we may also incur substantial costs or cost overruns in increasing the production capability of our model s, model x and powertrain manufacturing facilities. furthermore, if we are unable to produce model x pursuant to our plan due to cost overruns or other unexpected costs, we may not be able to meet our gross margin and other financial targets.
furthermore, many of the factors that impact our operating costs are beyond our control, such as potential increases in the costs of our raw materials and components, such as lithium-ion battery cells or aluminum used to produce body panels. if we are unable to keep our operating costs aligned with the level of revenues we generate, our operating results, business and prospects will be harmed.
we may fail to meet our publicly announced guidance or other expectations about our business, which would cause our stock price to decline.
we occasionally provide guidance regarding our expected financial and business performance, such as projections regarding sales and production, as well as anticipated future revenues, gross margins, profitability and cash flows. correctly identifying key factors affecting business conditions and predicting future events is inherently an uncertain process and our guidance may not ultimately be accurate. our guidance is based on certain assumptions such as those relating to anticipated production and sales volumes and average sales prices, supplier and commodity costs, and planned cost reductions. if our guidance is not accurate or varies from actual results due to our inability to meet our assumptions or the impact on our financial performance that could occur as a result of various risks and uncertainties, the market value of our common stock could decline significantly.
our vehicles make use of lithium-ion battery cells, which have been observed to catch fire or vent smoke and flame, and such events have raised concerns, and future events may lead to additional concerns, about the batteries used in automotive applications.
the battery packs that we produce make use of lithium-ion cells. on rare occasions, lithium-ion cells can rapidly release the energy they contain by venting smoke and flames in a manner that can ignite nearby materials as well as other lithium-ion cells.
while we have designed the battery pack to passively contain any single cell's release of energy without spreading to neighboring cells.  there can be no assurance that a field or testing failure of our vehicles or other battery packs that we produce will not occur, which could subject us to lawsuits, product recalls, or redesign efforts, all of which would be time consuming and expensive. also, negative public perceptions regarding the suitability of lithium-ion cells for automotive applications or any future incident involving lithium-ion cells such as a vehicle or other fire, even if such incident does not involve our vehicles, could seriously harm our business.
in addition, we store a significant number of lithium-ion cells at our manufacturing facility. any mishandling of battery cells may cause disruption to the operation of our facilities. while we have implemented safety procedures related to the handling of the cells, there can be no assurance that a safety issue or fire related to the cells would not disrupt our operations. such damage or injury would likely lead to adverse publicity and potentially a safety recall. moreover, any failure of a competitor's electric vehicle may cause indirect adverse publicity for us and our electric vehicles. such adverse publicity would negatively affect our brand and harm our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results.
we are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which could negatively affect our financial results our revenues and costs denominated in foreign currencies are not completely matched. as we have increased model s deliveries in markets outside of the united states, we have much higher revenues than costs denominated in other currencies such as the euro, norwegian kroner, chinese yuan and canadian dollar. the recent strengthening of the u.s. dollar therefore has reduced, and any further strengthening of the u.s. dollar would tend to further reduce our revenues as measured in u.s. dollars. in addition, a portion of our costs and expenses have been, and we anticipate will continue to be, denominated in foreign currencies, including the japanese yen. if we do not have fully offsetting revenues in these currencies and if the value of the u.s. dollar depreciates significantly against these currencies, our costs as measured in u.s. dollars as a percent of our revenues will correspondingly increase and our margins will suffer. as a result, our operating results could be adversely affected.
our resale value guarantee and leasing programs expose us to the risk that the resale values of vehicles returned to us are lower than our estimates and may result in lower revenues, gross margin, profitability and liquidity.
we offer resale value guarantees to many of our customers, under which such customers may sell their vehicles back to us at certain points in time at pre-determined resale values. customers can lease our vehicles through both leasing partners and from us directly, through our captive finance companies. the resale values of any vehicles resold or returned to us pursuant to these programs may be lower than our estimates, which are based on a limited secondary market for our vehicles. if the volume of vehicles returned to us is higher than our estimates and/or we are not able to resell them, timely or at all, our liquidity could be negatively impacted. in cases where customers retain their vehicles past the guarantee period, our gross margin will be negatively impacted as all remaining revenues and costs related to the vehicle will be recognized at no gross profit.
we apply lease accounting on sales of vehicles with a resale value guarantee and on leases made directly by us. under lease accounting, we recognize the associated revenues and costs of the vehicle sale over time rather than fully upfront at vehicle delivery. as a result, these programs generate lower revenues in the period the car is delivered and higher gross margins during the period of the resale value guarantee as compared to purchases in which the resale value guarantee does not apply. a higher than anticipated uptake under these programs could therefore have an adverse impact on our near term revenues and operating results. moreover, unlike the resale value guarantee program or programs with leasing partners which do not impact our cash flows and liquidity at the time of vehicle delivery, under a lease held directly by us, we may receive only a very small portion of the total vehicle purchase price at the time of lease, followed by a stream of payments over the term of the lease. to the extent we expand our leasing program without securing external financing or business partners to support such expansion, our cash flow and liquidity could also be negatively impacted.
if we fail to effectively manage the residual, financing and credit risks related to our direct tesla leasing programs our business may suffer.
we offer financing arrangements through our local subsidiaries in the united states, canada, germany and the uk, including leasing directly through certain of those subsidiaries. the profitability of the leasing program depends on our ability to accurately project residual values, secure adequate financing and/or business partners to fund and grow this program, and manage customer credit risk. if actual residual values of our vehicles are below our estimates, we may suffer lower profitability or potentially have losses. if we are unable to adequately fund our leasing program with either internal funds or external financing sources, we may be unable to grow our sales. additionally, if we do not properly screen customers for their creditworthiness, we may be exposed to excessive credit risks and associated losses. furthermore, if our leasing business grows substantially, our business may suffer if we cannot effectively manage the greater levels of residual and credit risks resulting from growth. finally, if we do not successfully monitor and comply with applicable national, state and/or local financial regulations and consumer protection laws governing lease transactions, we may become subject to enforcement actions or penalties, either of which may harm our business.
increases in costs, disruption of supply or shortage of raw materials, in particular lithium-ion cells, could harm our business.
we may experience increases in the cost or a sustained interruption in the supply or shortage of raw materials. any such increase or supply interruption could materially and negatively impact our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. we use various raw materials in our business including aluminum, steel, nickel and copper. the prices for these raw materials fluctuate depending on market conditions and global demand for these materials and could adversely affect our business and operating results. for instance, we are exposed to multiple risks relating to lithium-ion cells. these risks include:
·   the inability or unwillingness of current battery manufacturers to build or operate battery cell manufacturing plants to supply the numbers of lithium-ion cells we require;
·   disruption in the supply of cells due to quality issues or recalls by battery cell manufacturers;
·   fluctuations in the value of the japanese yen against the u.s. dollar as our battery cell purchases are currently denominated in japanese yen.
our business is dependent on the continued supply of battery cells for the battery packs used in our vehicles and energy storage products. while we believe several sources of the battery cells are available for such battery packs, we have fully qualified only a very limited number of suppliers for the cells used in such battery packs and have very limited flexibility in changing cell suppliers. in particular, we have fully qualified only one supplier for the cells used in battery packs for our production vehicles. any disruption in the supply of battery cells from such vendors could disrupt production of our vehicles and of the battery packs we produce for other automobile manufacturers until such time as a different supplier is fully qualified. furthermore, fluctuations or shortages in petroleum and other economic conditions may cause us to experience significant increases in freight charges and raw material costs. substantial increases in the prices for our raw materials or prices charged to us, such as those charged by our battery cell manufacturers, would increase our operating costs, and could reduce our margins if we cannot recoup the increased costs through increased vehicle prices. any attempts to increase vehicle prices in response to increased raw material costs could result in cancellations of vehicle orders and reservations and therefore materially and adversely affect our brand, image, business, prospects and operating results.
we may become subject to product liability claims, which could harm our financial condition and liquidity if we are not able to successfully defend or insure against such claims.
product liability claims could harm our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition. the automobile industry experiences significant product liability claims and we face inherent risk of exposure to claims in the event our vehicles do not perform as expected resulting in personal injury or death. we also may face claims related to any misuse or failures of our new autopilot technology. a successful product liability claim against us with respect to any aspect of our vehicles could require us to pay a substantial monetary award. our risks in this area are particularly pronounced given the limited number of vehicles delivered to date and limited field experience of those vehicles. moreover, a product liability claim could generate substantial negative publicity about our vehicles and business and would have material adverse effect on our brand, business, prospects and operating results. we self-insure against the risk of product liability claims, meaning that any product liability claims will have to be paid from company funds, not by insurance.
the automotive market is highly competitive, and we may not be successful in competing in this industry. we currently face competition from new and established u.s. and international competitors and expect to face competition from others in the future, including competition from companies with new technology.
the worldwide automotive market, particularly for alternative fuel vehicles, is highly competitive today and we expect it will become even more so in the future. many established and new automobile manufacturers have entered or have announced plans to enter the alternative fuel vehicle market. for example, bmw, daimler, nissan and many other large companies have announced or are also reported to be developing electric vehicles. in addition, several manufacturers, including general motors, toyota, ford and honda, are selling hybrid vehicles, including plug-in hybrid vehicles. most of our current and potential competitors have significantly greater financial, technical, manufacturing, marketing and other resources than we do and may be able to devote greater resources to the design, development, manufacturing, distribution, promotion, sale and support of their products. virtually all of our competitors have more extensive customer bases and broader customer and industry relationships than we do and almost all of these companies have longer operating histories and greater name recognition than we do. increased competition could result in lower vehicle unit sales, price reductions, revenue shortfalls, loss of customers and loss of market share, which could harm our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results.
demand in the automobile industry is volatile, which may lead to lower vehicle unit sales and adversely affect our operating results.
volatility of demand in the automobile industry may materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition. the markets in which we currently compete and plan to compete in the future have been subject to considerable volatility in demand in recent periods, including recent softening of the premium sedan category. as a low volume vehicle producer, we have less financial resources than more established automobile manufacturers to withstand changes in the market and disruptions in demand. volatility in demand may lead to lower vehicle unit sales and increased inventory, which may result in further downward price pressure and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. these effects may have a more pronounced impact on our business given our relatively smaller scale and financial resources as compared to many incumbent automobile manufacturers.
if we are unable to establish and maintain confidence in our long-term business prospects among consumers, analysts and within our industry, then our financial condition, operating results, business prospects and stock price may suffer materially.
consumers may be less likely to purchase our vehicles now if they are not convinced that our business will succeed or that our operations will continue for many years. similarly, suppliers and other third parties will be less likely to invest time and resources in developing business relationships with us if they are not convinced that our business will succeed. accordingly, in order to build and maintain our business, we must maintain confidence among customers, suppliers, analysts and other parties in our liquidity and long-term business prospects. maintaining such confidence may be particularly complicated by certain factors, such as our limited operating history, unfamiliarity with our products, competition and uncertainty regarding the future of electric vehicles. many of these factors are largely outside our control, and any negative perceptions about our long-term business prospects, even if exaggerated or unfounded, would likely harm our business and make it more difficult to raise additional funds if needed.
our vehicles have unique servicing requirements, and we are using a different service model from the one typically used in the automobile industry. if we are unable to address the service requirements of our existing and future customers, our business will be materially and adversely affected.
servicing electric vehicles is different than servicing vehicles with internal combustion engines and requires specialized skills, including high voltage training and servicing techniques. if we are unable to satisfactorily service our vehicles, our ability to generate customer loyalty, grow our business and sell additional vehicles could be impaired.
we service our vehicles through our company-owned tesla service centers, certain of our stores, and through our mobile service technicians known as the tesla rangers. we will need to open new standalone service centers in locations around the world and hire and train significant numbers of new employees to staff these service centers and act as tesla rangers in order to successfully maintain our fleet of delivered vehicles. if we do not continue to adequately address the service requirements of our customers to their satisfaction, particularly as the volume of vehicles we are able to deliver annually increases, our business would be harmed.
our plan to expand our network of tesla stores, service centers and superchargers will require significant cash investments and management resources and may not meet our expectations with respect to additional sales of our electric vehicles. in addition, we may not be able to open stores or service centers in certain states or superchargers in desired locations.
our plan to expand our network of tesla stores, service centers and superchargers will require significant cash investments and management resources and may not meet our expectations with respect to additional sales of our vehicles. this ongoing global expansion may not have the desired effect of increasing sales and expanding our brand presence to the degree we are anticipating. we will also need to ensure we are in compliance with any regulatory requirements applicable to the sale and service of our vehicles in those jurisdictions, which could take considerable time and expense. if we experience any delays in expanding our network of tesla stores, service centers and superchargers, this could lead to a decrease in sales of our vehicles and could negatively impact our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results.
we face risks associated with our international operations and expansion, including unfavorable regulatory, political, tax and labor conditions and establishing ourselves in new markets, all of which could harm our business.
we currently have international operations and subsidiaries in various countries and jurisdictions that are subject to the legal, political, regulatory and social requirements and economic conditions in these jurisdictions. additionally, as part of our growth strategy, we will continue to expand our sales, service and supercharger locations internationally. we have limited experience, however, selling and servicing our products internationally, as well as limited experience installing and operating superchargers internationally. furthermore, international expansion requires us to make significant expenditures, including the establishment of local operating entities, hiring of local employees and establishing facilities in advance of generating any revenue.
we are subject to a number of risks associated with international business activities that may increase our costs, impact our ability to sell our electric vehicles and require significant management attention. these risks include conforming our vehicles to various international regulatory and safety requirements, difficulty in establishing, staffing and managing foreign operations, challenges in attracting customers, foreign government taxes, regulations and permit requirements, our ability to enforce our contractual rights; trade restrictions, customs regulations, tariffs and price or exchange controls, and preferences of foreign nations for domestically produced vehicles.
additionally, as we have expanded into new international markets, we historically faced challenges with ensuring that our charging equipment works successfully with the charging infrastructure in such markets, including in norway and china. if customers experience problems with the way our charging equipment works with the local charging infrastructure, or we are unable to adapt our equipment to resolve such problems, then the viability and acceptance of our vehicles in such markets could be materially and adversely affected. if we fail to successfully address these risks, our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition could be materially harmed.
the unavailability, reduction or elimination of government and economic incentives in the u.s. and abroad supporting the development and adoption of electric vehicles could have some impact on demand for our vehicles.
we currently benefit from certain government and economic incentives supporting the development and adoption of electric vehicles. in the united states and abroad, such incentives include, among other things, tax credits or rebates that encourage the purchase of electric vehicles. in norway, for example, the purchase of electric vehicles is not currently subject to import taxes, taxes on non-recurring vehicle fees, the 25% value added tax or the purchase taxes that apply to the purchase of gas-powered vehicles. notably, the quantum of incentive programs promoting electric vehicles is a tiny fraction of the amount of incentives that are provided to gas-powered vehicles through the oil and gas industries, notwithstanding that the former promotes social good while the latter contributes to significant social harm.  nevertheless, even the limited benefits from such programs could be reduced, eliminated or exhausted.  for example, on january 1, 2016, a previously available incentive in denmark that favored the purchase of electric vehicles expired and was replaced with a newly phased-in incentive that is less generous than the incentive that it replaced. in certain circumstances, there is pressure from the oil and gas lobby or related special interests to bring about such developments, which could have some negative impact on demand for our vehicles.
our strategic relationships with third parties, such as panasonic, are subject to various risks which could adversely affect our business and future prospects.
our strategic relationships with third parties, such as panasonic which supplies us with battery cells for use in model s and model x and which is our strategic partner in the gigafactory, pose various risks to us, including potential loss of access to important technology and parts for producing, servicing and supporting our products, potential loss of business and adverse publicity. moreover, factors that may not be within our partners' control, such as materials pricing, may impact our ability to realize the goals of certain strategic relationships, such as cost and gross margin targets. in addition, these third parties may not perform as expected under our agreements with them, such as with respect to quality of production parts and timeliness of their deliveries, and we may have disagreements or disputes with these third parties. the occurrence of any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results.
if we are unable to attract and/or retain key employees and hire qualified personnel, our ability to compete could be harmed.
the loss of the services of any of our key employees could disrupt our operations, delay the development and introduction of our vehicles and services, and negatively impact our business, prospects and operating results. in particular, we are highly dependent on the services of elon musk, our chief executive officer, and jb straubel, our chief technical officer.
none of our key employees is bound by an employment agreement for any specific term and we may not be able to successfully attract and retain senior leadership necessary to grow our business. our future success depends upon our ability to attract and retain executive officers and other key technology, sales, marketing, engineering, manufacturing and support personnel and any failure to do so could adversely impact our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results.
key talent may leave tesla due to various factors, such as a very competitive labor market for talented individuals with automotive experience. currently in california, there is increasing competition for talented individuals with the specialized knowledge of electric vehicles, software engineers, manufacturing engineers and other skilled employees and this competition affects both our ability to retain key employees and hire new ones. our continued success depends upon our continued ability to hire new employees in a timely manner and retain current employees. additionally, we compete with both mature and prosperous companies that have far greater financial resources than we do and start-ups and emerging companies that promise short-term growth opportunities. any difficulties in retaining current employees or recruiting new ones would have an adverse effect on our performance.
we are highly dependent on the services of elon musk, our chief executive officer, product architect, chairman of our board of directors and largest stockholder. although mr. musk spends significant time with tesla and is highly active in our management, he does not devote his full time and attention to tesla. mr. musk also currently serves as chief executive officer and chief technical officer of space exploration technologies, a developer and manufacturer of space launch vehicles, and chairman of solarcity, a solar provider.
we are subject to various environmental and safety laws and regulations that could impose substantial costs upon us and negatively impact our ability to operate our manufacturing facilities.
as an automobile manufacturer, we are subject to complex environmental, health and safety laws and regulations at numerous levels, including laws relating to the use, handling, storage, disposal and human exposure to hazardous materials, both in the united states and abroad. the costs of compliance, including remediating contamination if any is found on our properties, and of any changes to our operations mandated by new laws or amendments to existing laws may be significant. we may also face unexpected delays in obtaining the necessary permits and approvals required by such laws in connection with our manufacturing facilities, which would hinder our operation of these facilities. such costs and delays may adversely impact our business prospects and operating results. furthermore, any violations of these laws may result in substantial fines and penalties, remediation costs, third party damages, or a suspension or cessation of our operations.
our business may be adversely affected by any disruptions caused by union activities.
although none of our employees is currently represented by a labor union, it is common for employees at automobile companies to belong to a union, which can result in higher employee costs and increased risk of work stoppages. although we work diligently to provide the best possible work environment for our employees, they may still decide to join or seek recognition to form a labor union, or we may be required to become a union signatory. furthermore, we are directly or indirectly dependent upon companies with unionized work forces, such as parts suppliers and trucking and freight companies, and work stoppages or strikes organized by such unions could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition or operating results. if a work stoppage occurs, it could delay the manufacture and sale of our products and have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, operating results or financial condition.
we are subject to substantial regulation, which is evolving, and unfavorable changes or failure by us to comply with these regulations could substantially harm our business and operating results.
motor vehicles are subject to substantial regulation under international, federal, state, and local laws. we incur significant costs in complying with these regulations, and may be required to incur additional costs to comply with any changes to such regulations. also, we are subject to laws and regulations applicable to the import, sale and service of automobiles internationally. for example, we are required to meet vehicle-specific safety standards that are often materially different from u.s. requirements, thus resulting in additional investment into the vehicles and systems to ensure regulatory compliance. this process necessitates that foreign regulatory official's review and certify our vehicles prior to market entry. in addition, we must comply with regulations applicable to vehicles after they enter the market, including foreign reporting requirements and recall management systems.
additionally, we recently released a vehicle software update that delivers a range of new autopilot features that relieve drivers of the most tedious and potentially dangerous aspects of road travel. as autopilot is a completely new feature that u.s. and foreign regulators have limited experience with, there is a risk that regulators could take actions impacting whether and how our customers are able to use our vehicles equipped for autopilot, which could adversely affect our business.
we are subject to various privacy and consumer protection laws.
our privacy policy is posted on our website, and any failure by us or our vendor or other business partners to comply with it or with federal, state or international privacy, data protection or security laws or regulations could result in regulatory or litigation-related actions against us, legal liability, fines, damages and other costs. although we take steps to protect the security of our customers' personal information, we may be required to expend significant resources to comply with data breach requirements if third parties improperly obtain and use the personal information of our customers or we otherwise experience a data loss with respect to customers' personal information. a major breach of our network security and systems could have negative consequences for our business and future prospects, including possible fines, penalties and damages, reduced customer demand for our vehicles, and harm to our reputation and brand.
we may be compelled to undertake product recalls or take other actions, which could adversely affect our brand image and financial performance.
any product recall in the future may result in adverse publicity, damage our brand and adversely affect our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition. we previously experienced product recalls in may 2009, october 2010, june 2013 and november 2015, none of which was related to our electric powertrain or that resulted in a vehicle crash or personal injury reported to us. in april 2009, we determined that a condition caused by insufficient torqueing of the rear inner hub flange bolt existed in some of our tesla roadsters, as a result of a missed process during the manufacture of the tesla roadster glider. in october 2010, we initiated a product recall after the 12 volt, low voltage auxiliary cable in a single vehicle chafed against the edge of a carbon fiber panel in the vehicle causing a short, smoke and possible fire behind the right front headlamp of the vehicle. in june 2013, we initiated a recall of slightly more than one thousand model s vehicles to inspect and repair rear seat strikers that may have been compromised during the assembly process. rear seat strikers are used to retain the rear seat backs in an upright position. failure of this component may have resulted in collapse of the rear seat back during a crash. in november 2015, we initiated a recall after we discovered a single customer-owned model s with a front seat belt that was not properly connected to the outboard lap pretensioner. furthermore, in january 2014, we implemented a firmware update to address issues with certain universal mobile connector nema 14-50 adapters, which are part of the charging units and are not part of the vehicles themselves, potentially overheating during charging. in the future, we may at various times, voluntarily or involuntarily, initiate a recall if any of our vehicles or our electric powertrain components that we provide to other oems, including any systems or parts sourced from our suppliers, prove to be defective or noncompliant with applicable federal motor vehicle safety standards. such recalls, whether voluntary or involuntary or caused by systems or components engineered or manufactured by us or our suppliers, involve significant expense and diversion of management attention and other resources, and could adversely affect our brand image in our target markets, as well as our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations.
our current and future warranty reserves may be insufficient to cover future warranty claims which could adversely affect our financial performance.
if our warranty reserves are inadequate to cover future warranty claims on our vehicles, our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results could be materially and adversely affected. warranty reserves include management's best estimate of the projected costs to repair or to replace items under warranty. these estimates are based on actual claims incurred to-date and an estimate of the nature, frequency and costs of future claims. these estimates are inherently uncertain and changes to our historical or projected experience may cause material changes to our warranty reserves in the future. subject to separate limited warranties for the supplemental restraint system and battery, we provide a four year or 50,000 mile new vehicle limited warranty for the purchasers of new model s and model x vehicles. the new vehicle limited warranty for model s and model x also covers the drive unit for eight years and the battery for a period of eight years or 125,000 miles or unlimited miles, depending on the size of the vehicle's battery, although the battery's charging capacity is not covered under the new vehicle limited warranty or any extended service plan.
in addition, customers have the opportunity to purchase an extended service plan for the period after the end of the new vehicle limited warranty for model s and model x to cover additional services for an additional four years or 50,000 miles, provided it is purchased within a specified period of time. the new vehicle limited warranty and extended service plans for the model s and model x are subject to certain limitations, exclusions or separate warranties, including certain wear items, such as tires, brake pads, paint and general appearance, and battery performance, and is intended to cover parts and labor to repair defects in material or workmanship in the vehicle including the body, chassis, suspension, interior, electronic systems, powertrain and brake system. additionally, in 2013, as part of our ongoing efforts to improve the customer ownership experience, we expanded the battery pack warranty and also eliminated the annual service requirement that was needed to keep the new vehicle limited warranty in effect. should this change in warranty coverage lead to an increase in warranty claims, we may need to record additional warranty reserves, which would negatively affect our profitability.
we are currently expanding and improving our information technology systems and use security measures designed to protect our systems against breaches and cyber-attacks. if these efforts are not successful, our business and operations could be disrupted and our operating results and reputation could be harmed.
we are currently expanding and improving our information technology systems, including implementing new internally developed systems, to assist us in the management of our business. in particular, our volume production of multiple vehicles necessitates continued development, maintenance and improvement of our information technology systems in the u.s. and abroad, which include product data management, procurement, inventory management, production planning and execution, sales, service and logistics, dealer management, financial, tax and regulatory compliance systems. the implementation, maintenance and improvement of these systems require significant management time, support and cost. moreover, there are inherent risks associated with developing, improving and expanding our core systems as well as implementing new systems, including the disruption of our data management, procurement, manufacturing execution, finance, supply chain and sales and service processes. these risks may affect our ability to manage our data and inventory, procure parts or supplies or manufacture, sell, deliver and service vehicles, or achieve and maintain compliance with, or realize available benefits under, tax laws and other applicable regulations. we also maintain information technology measures designed to protect us against system security risks, data breaches and cyber-attacks.
we cannot be sure that these systems or their required functionality will be effectively implemented, maintained or expanded as planned. if we do not successfully implement, maintain or expand these systems as planned, our operations may be disrupted, our ability to accurately and/or timely report our financial results could be impaired, and deficiencies may arise in our internal control over financial reporting, which may impact our ability to certify our financial results. moreover, our proprietary information could be compromised and our reputation may be adversely affected. if these systems or their functionality do not operate as we expect them to, we may be required to expend significant resources to make corrections or find alternative sources for performing these functions.
our insurance strategy may not be adequate to protect us from all business risks.
we may be subject, in the ordinary course of business, to losses resulting from products liability, accidents, acts of god and other claims against us, for which we may have no insurance coverage. while we currently maintain general liability, automobile, property, workers' compensation, and directors' and officers' insurance policies, as a general matter, we do not maintain as much insurance coverage as many other companies do, and in some cases, we do not maintain any at all. additionally, the policies that we do have may include significant deductibles, and we cannot be certain that our insurance coverage will be sufficient to cover all future claims against us. a loss that is uninsured or which exceeds policy limits may require us to pay substantial amounts, which could adversely affect our financial condition and operating results.
our financial results may vary significantly from period-to-period due to fluctuations in our operating costs.
we expect our period-to-period operating results to vary based on our operating costs which we anticipate will increase significantly in future periods as we, among other things, design, develop and manufacture model 3, tesla energy products and other future products, increase the production capacity at our manufacturing facilities to produce vehicles at higher volumes, including ramping up the production of model x, develop the gigafactory, open new tesla service centers with maintenance and repair capabilities, open new supercharger locations, increase our sales and marketing activities, and increase our general and administrative functions to support our growing operations. as a result of these factors, we believe that quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our operating results, especially in the short-term, are not necessarily meaningful and that these comparisons cannot be relied upon as indicators of future performance. moreover, our operating results may not meet expectations of equity research analysts or investors. if any of this occurs, the trading price of our stock could fall substantially, either suddenly or over time.
any unauthorized control or manipulation of our vehicles' systems could result in loss of confidence in us and our vehicles and harm our business.
our vehicles contain complex information technology systems. for example, our vehicles are designed with built-in data connectivity to accept and install periodic remote updates from us to improve or update the functionality of our vehicles. we have designed, implemented and tested security measures intended to prevent unauthorized access to our information technology networks, our vehicles and their systems. however, hackers have reportedly attempted, and may attempt in the future, to gain unauthorized access to modify, alter and use such networks, vehicles and systems to gain control of, or to change, our vehicles' functionality, user interface and performance characteristics, or to gain access to data stored in or generated by the vehicle. we encourage reporting of potential vulnerabilities in the security of our vehicles via our security vulnerability reporting policy, and we aim to remedy any reported and verified vulnerabilities. accordingly, we have received reports of potential vulnerabilities in the past and have attempted to remedy them. however, there can be no assurance that vulnerabilities will not be identified in the future, or that our remediation efforts are or will be successful.
any unauthorized access to or control of our vehicles or their systems or any loss of data could result in legal claims or proceedings. in addition, regardless of their veracity, reports of unauthorized access to our vehicles, their systems or data, as well as other factors that may result in the perception that our vehicles, their systems or data are capable of being "hacked," could negatively affect our brand and harm our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results.
if we had a desire or need to raise additional funds and could not do so, our operations and prospects could be negatively affected we expect that our principal sources of liquidity will provide us adequate liquidity based on our current plans. however, if the costs for developing, manufacturing and delivering our current or future vehicles exceed our expectations or if we incur any significant unplanned expenses or embark on or accelerate new significant strategic investments, such as the gigafactory, we may need to raise additional funds. we need sufficient capital to fund our ongoing operations, continue research and development projects, including those for our planned model 3 vehicle, establish sales and service centers, build and deploy superchargers and to make the investments in tooling and manufacturing capital required to introduce new vehicles. if we cannot raise additional funds on favorable terms or at all when we need them, our financial condition, results of operations, business and prospects could be materially adversely affected.
we may face regulatory limitations on our ability to sell vehicles directly which could materially and adversely affect our ability to sell our electric vehicles.
we sell our vehicles from our tesla stores as well as over the internet. we may not be able to sell our vehicles through this sales model in each state in the united states as some states have laws that may be interpreted to impose limitations on this sales model, including laws that prohibit manufacturers from selling vehicles directly to consumers without the use of an independent dealership or without a physical presence in the state. in certain states in which we are not able to obtain dealer licenses, we have worked with state regulators to open galleries, which are not full retail locations.
the application of these state laws to our operations continues to be difficult to predict. laws in some states have limited our ability to obtain dealer licenses from state motor vehicle regulators and may continue to do so.
in addition, decisions by regulators permitting us to sell vehicles may be subject to challenges as to whether such decisions comply with applicable state motor vehicle industry laws. for example, vehicle dealer associations in new york, ohio, georgia and massachusetts have filed lawsuits to revoke dealer licenses issued to us. these lawsuits have been dismissed, and in one court decision, the supreme court of massachusetts held that state franchise laws like the one in massachusetts do not restrict a manufacturer, like tesla, that does not use franchised dealers from selling its vehicles directly to consumers. such results have reinforced our continuing belief that state laws were not designed to prevent our distribution model. a similar lawsuit has been filed in missouri. possible additional challenges in other states, if successful, could restrict or prohibit our ability to sell our vehicles to residents in such states. in some states, there have also been regulatory and legislative efforts by vehicle dealer associations to propose bills and regulations that, if enacted, would prevent us from obtaining dealer licenses in their states given our current sales model. other states, such as new jersey, new york, ohio and pennsylvania, have passed legislation that clarifies our ability to operate, but at the same time limits the number of dealer licenses we can obtain or stores that we can operate.
internationally, there may be laws in jurisdictions we have not yet entered or laws we are unaware of in jurisdictions we have entered that may restrict our sales or other business practices. even for those jurisdictions we have analyzed, the laws in this area can be complex, difficult to interpret and may change over time.
we may need to defend ourselves against patent or trademark infringement claims, which may be time-consuming and would cause us to incur substantial costs.
companies, organizations or individuals, including our competitors, may hold or obtain patents, trademarks or other proprietary rights that would prevent, limit or interfere with our ability to make, use, develop, sell or market our vehicles or components, which could make it more difficult for us to operate our business. from time to time, we may receive communications from holders of patents or trademarks regarding their proprietary rights. companies holding patents or other intellectual property rights may bring suits alleging infringement of such rights or otherwise assert their rights and urge us to take licenses. in addition, if we are determined to have infringed upon a third party's intellectual property rights, we may be required to do one or more of the following:
·   redesign our vehicles or other goods or services; or
·   establish and maintain alternative branding for our products and services.
in the event of a successful claim of infringement against us and our failure or inability to obtain a license to the infringed technology or other intellectual property right, our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. in addition, any litigation or claims, whether or not valid, could result in substantial costs, negative publicity and diversion of resources and management attention.
our patent applications may not result in issued patents, which may have a material adverse effect on our ability to prevent others from interfering with our commercialization of our products.
the status of patents involves complex legal and factual questions and the breadth and effectiveness of patented claims is uncertain. we cannot be certain that we are the first creator of inventions covered by pending patent applications or the first to file patent applications on these inventions, nor can we be certain that our pending patent applications will result in issued patents or that any of our issued patents will afford sufficient protection against someone creating a knockoff of our products, or as a defensive portfolio against a competitor who claims that we are infringing its patents. in addition, patent applications filed in foreign countries are subject to laws, rules and procedures that differ from those of the united states, and thus we cannot be certain that foreign patent applications will result in issued patents in those foreign jurisdictions or that such patents can be effectively enforced, even if they relate to patents issued in the u.s. in addition, others may obtain patents that we need to take a license to or design around, either of which would increase costs and may adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results.
our trademark applications in certain countries remain subject to outstanding opposition proceedings.
we have filed trade and service mark applications for our tesla marks in various countries in which we currently sell and plan to sell our products and services. certain of our applications are subject to outstanding opposition proceedings brought by owners or applicants alleging prior applications for or use of similar marks, or refusals issued by trademark offices citing prior applications or registrations for allegedly similar marks. if we cannot resolve these oppositions and refusals and thereby secure registered rights in these countries, the value of the marks representing our exclusive brand name in these countries will be diluted. in addition, there is a risk that the prior rights owners could in the future take actions to challenge our use of the tesla marks in these countries. such actions could have a severe impact on our position in these countries and may inhibit our ability to use the tesla marks in these countries. if we were prevented from using the tesla marks in any or all of these countries, we would need to expend significant additional financial and marketing resources on establishing an alternative brand identity in these markets.
our facilities or operations could be damaged or adversely affected as a result of disasters.
our corporate headquarters and primary manufacturing facilities are all located in northern california, a region known for seismic activity. if major disasters such as earthquakes or other events occur, or our information system or communications network breaks down or operates improperly, our headquarters and production facilities may be seriously damaged, or we may have to stop or delay production and shipment of our products. we may incur expenses relating to such damages, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition.
servicing our indebtedness requires a significant amount of cash, and we may not have sufficient cash flow from our business to pay our substantial debt.
we have incurred $3.0 billion in aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes issued in registered public offerings. under certain circumstances relating to the reported trading price of our common stock, the holders of our convertible senior notes may convert their notes at their option, upon which we would be obligated to deliver cash payments and/or shares of our common stock to the converting holders. currently, holders of an aggregate $660.0 million tranche of notes have the right to convert their notes. moreover, holders of the notes have the right to require us to repurchase their notes upon the occurrence of a fundamental change with respect to us. in addition, we have a senior secured asset-based revolving credit facility (the credit facility), under which we had $135 million of borrowings as of december 31, 2015.
our ability to make scheduled payments of principal when due, to make periodic interest payments or to make other payments pursuant to the terms of our indebtedness, such as with respect to our convertible senior notes upon their conversion or upon demand following a fundamental change, depends on our future performance, which is subject to economic, financial, competitive and other factors beyond our control. our business may not continue to generate cash flow from operations in the future sufficient to satisfy these obligations or obligations under any future indebtedness we may incur and to make necessary capital expenditures. if we are unable to generate such cash flow, we may be required to adopt one or more alternatives, such as reducing or delaying investments or capital expenditures, selling assets, refinancing or obtaining additional equity capital on terms that may be onerous or highly dilutive. our ability to refinance our existing or any future indebtedness will depend on the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. in addition, our ability to make required payments under our indebtedness may be limited by law, by regulatory authority or by agreements governing our future indebtedness. we may not be able to engage in any of these activities or engage in these activities on desirable terms or at all, which could result in a default on our existing or future indebtedness. furthermore, any repayment of any of our existing or future indebtedness prior to their scheduled maturity could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
our debt agreements contain covenant restrictions that may limit our ability to operate our business.
the terms of our credit facility contain, and any of our other future debt agreements may contain, covenant restrictions that limit our ability to operate our business, including restrictions on our ability to, among other things, incur additional debt or issue guarantees, create liens and make certain voluntary prepayments of specified debt. in addition, under certain circumstances we are required to comply with a fixed charge coverage ratio.
as a result of these covenants, our ability to respond to changes in business and economic conditions and to obtain additional financing, if needed, may be restricted, and we may be prevented from engaging in transactions that might otherwise be beneficial to us. in addition, our failure to comply with our debt covenants could result in a default under our debt agreements, which could permit the holders to accelerate our obligation to repay the debt. if any of our debt is accelerated, we may not have sufficient funds available to repay it.
we may still incur substantially more debt or take other actions, which would intensify the risks discussed immediately above.
we and our subsidiaries may, subject to the limitations in the terms of our credit facility, incur additional debt, secure existing or future debt, recapitalize our debt or take a number of other actions that are not limited by the terms of the indenture governing our convertible senior notes that could have the effect of diminishing our ability to make payments on the notes when due.
the classification of our convertible senior notes may have a material effect on our reported financial results.
as described in the risk factor "servicing our indebtedness requires a significant amount of cash, and we may not have sufficient cash flow from our business to pay our substantial debt," our convertible senior notes have been historically, and may become in the future, convertible at the option of their holders prior to their scheduled terms under certain circumstances. even if holders do not elect to convert their notes, the notes become convertible prior to their scheduled maturity dates, we would be required to reclassify such notes and the related debt issuance costs as current liabilities and certain portions of our equity outside of equity to mezzanine equity, which would have an adverse impact on our reported financial results for such quarter, and could have an adverse impact on the market price of our common stock.
the trading price of our common stock has been highly volatile and could continue to be subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control. our common stock has experienced an intra-day trading high of $286.65 per share and a low of $141.05 per share over the last 52 weeks. the stock market in general, and the market for technology companies in particular, has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. broad market and industry factors may seriously affect the market price of companies' stock, including ours, regardless of actual operating performance. in addition, in the past, following periods of volatility in the overall market and the market price of a particular company's securities, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against these companies. for example, a shareholder litigation like this was filed against us in 2013. while the trial court dismissed the plaintiffs' complaint with prejudice, this litigation (if the trial court's order is successfully appealed) or others like it could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our management's attention and resources.
the conversion of some or all of our convertible senior notes will dilute the ownership interests of existing stockholders to the extent we deliver shares upon conversion of any of the notes. as described in the risk factor "servicing our indebtedness requires a significant amount of cash, and we may not have sufficient cash flow from our business to pay our substantial debt," our convertible senior notes have been historically, and may become in the future, convertible at the option of their holders prior to their scheduled terms under certain circumstances. any sales in the public market of the common stock issuable upon such conversion could adversely affect prevailing market prices of our common stock. in addition, the existence of the notes may encourage short selling by market participants because the conversion of the notes could be used to satisfy short positions, or anticipated conversion of the notes into shares of our common stock could depress the price of our common stock.
the convertible note hedge and warrant transactions we entered into in connection with the issuance of our convertible senior notes may affect the value of the notes and our common stock.
in connection with each issuance of our convertible senior notes, we entered into convertible note hedge transactions with the hedge counterparties. the convertible note hedge transactions cover, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments, the number of shares of our common stock that initially underlay the applicable notes. the convertible note hedge transactions are expected to reduce the potential dilution and/or offset potential cash payments we are required to make in excess of the principal amount upon conversion of the applicable notes. we also entered into warrant transactions with the hedge counterparties relating to the same number of shares of our common stock, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments. however, the warrant transactions could separately have a dilutive effect on our common stock to the extent that the market price per share of our common stock exceeds the applicable strike price of the warrants on the applicable expiration dates.
in addition, the hedge counterparties or their affiliates may modify their hedge positions by entering into or unwinding various derivatives with respect to our common stock and/or purchasing or selling our common stock or other securities of ours in secondary market transactions prior to the maturity of the applicable notes (and are likely to do so during any observation period related to a conversion of notes). this activity could also cause or prevent an increase or a decrease in the market price of our common stock or the notes.
we do not make any representation or prediction as to the direction or magnitude of any potential effect that the transactions described above may have on the prices of the notes or the shares of our common stock. in addition, we do not make any representation that the hedge counterparties have engaged or will engage in these transactions or that these transactions, once commenced, will not be discontinued without notice.
mr. musk borrowed funds from affiliates of certain underwriters in our public offerings and/or private placements and has pledged shares of our common stock to secure these borrowings. the forced sale of these shares pursuant to a margin call could cause our stock price to decline and negatively impact our business.
beginning in june 2011, banking institutions that are affiliated with certain underwriters of our completed public offerings of common stock and our convertible senior notes made extensions of credit to elon musk and the elon musk revocable trust dated july 22, 2003, or the trust, a portion of which mr. musk used to purchase shares of common stock in our public offerings in may 2013 and august 2015 and private placements in june 2011 and june 2013. we are not a party to these loans, which are full recourse against mr. musk and the trust and are secured by pledges of a portion of the tesla common stock currently owned by mr. musk and the trust and other shares of capital stock of unrelated entities owned by mr. musk and the trust.
if the price of our common stock declines, mr. musk may be forced by one or more of the banking institutions to provide additional collateral for the loans or to sell shares of tesla common stock in order to remain within the margin limitations imposed under the terms of his loans. the loans between these banking institutions on the one hand, and mr. musk and the trust on the other hand, prohibit the non-pledged shares currently owned by mr. musk and the trust from being pledged to secure any other loans. these factors may limit mr. musk's ability to either pledge additional shares of tesla common stock or sell shares of tesla common stock as a means to avoid or satisfy a margin call with respect to his pledged tesla common stock in the event of a decline in our stock price that is large enough to trigger a margin call. any sales of common stock following a margin call that is not satisfied may cause the price of our common stock to decline further.
anti-takeover provisions contained in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, the provisions of delaware law, and the terms of our convertible senior notes could impair a takeover attempt.
our certificate of incorporation, bylaws, delaware law and the terms of our convertible senior notes contain provisions which could have the effect of rendering more difficult, delaying or preventing an acquisition deemed undesirable by our board of directors. our corporate governance documents include provisions:
·   authorizing "blank check" preferred stock, which could be issued by the board without stockholder approval and may contain voting, liquidation, dividend and other rights superior to our common stock;
·   limiting the liability of, and providing indemnification to, our directors and officers;
·   limiting the ability of our stockholders to call and bring business before special meetings;
·   requiring advance notice of stockholder proposals for business to be conducted at meetings of our stockholders and for nominations of candidates for election to our board of directors;
·   controlling the procedures for the conduct and scheduling of board and stockholder meetings; and
·   providing the board of directors with the express power to postpone previously scheduled annual meetings and to cancel previously scheduled special meetings.
as a delaware corporation, we are also subject to provisions of delaware law, including section 203 of the delaware general corporation law, which prevents some stockholders holding more than 15% of our outstanding common stock from engaging in certain business combinations without approval of the holders of substantially all of our outstanding common stock.
any provision of our certificate of incorporation or bylaws or delaware law that has the effect of delaying or deterring a change in control could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our common stock, and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our common stock.
in addition, the terms of the convertible senior notes require us to repurchase the notes in the event of a fundamental change. a takeover of our company would trigger an option of the holders of the notes to require us to repurchase the notes. this may have the effect of delaying or preventing a takeover of our company that would otherwise be beneficial to our stockholders.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
the following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes that appear elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k.
overview and 2015 highlights we design, develop, manufacture, and sell high-performance fully electric vehicles, and energy storage products. we are currently producing and selling our model s sedan and our model x sport utility vehicle. since the introduction of model s in june 2012, we have enhanced our vehicle offerings with all-wheel drive capability, autopilot options, and free over-the-air software updates.  we commenced customer deliveries of our model x in september 2015 and are currently ramping production. we have delivered over 107,000 vehicles through december 31, 2015.  we intend to unveil model 3, a lower priced sedan designed for the mass market, in the first quarter of 2016 and expect to commence production and deliveries of this vehicle in late 2017.
in addition to our automotive products, we recently announced the next generation of our energy storage products, the 7 kwh and 10 kwh powerwall for residential applications and the 100 kwh powerpack for commercial and industrial applications.  we began production and deliveries of these products, which we will sell under the tesla energy brand, in the third quarter of 2015.   we transitioned the production of these products from the fremont factory to the gigafactory during q4 2015.
our primary source of revenue is from the sale of our vehicles. during the year ended december 31, 2015, we recognized total revenues of $4.05 billion, an increase of $847.7 million over total revenues of $3.20 billion for the year ended december 31, 2014, primarily driven by growth of model s deliveries worldwide. gross margin for the year ended december 31, 2015 was 22.8%, a decrease from 27.6% for the year ended december 31, 2014.
we continue to increase our sales and service footprint worldwide and expand our supercharging and destination charging networks. with the continued global expansion of our customer support and supercharger infrastructure, selling, general and administrative expenses were $922.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, compared to $603.7 million for the year ended december 30, 2014.
management opportunities, challenges and risks vehicle orders, production and deliveries we are currently producing and selling both the model s sedan and the model x sport utility vehicle. we have broadened the appeal of model s by introducing new variants that improve range, performance, and value.  for those wanting a more affordable car, we introduced model s 70 with a starting price of only $70,000 before incentives and fuel savings.  our new 90kwh battery pack option enables almost 300 miles of range at 65 mph.  finally, for our performance enthusiasts, the new ludicrous mode option improves 0 to 60 mph acceleration to 2.8 seconds. the introduction of model x now provides customers with a performance electric vehicle option in the sport utility segment for the first time. similar to model s, we expect to introduce new versions and functionality for the model x over time.  overall, we expect that demand for our vehicles will continue to increase worldwide as more people drive and become aware of our vehicles, as we grow our customer sales and service infrastructure, and as we continue to develop our products.
we have been increasing our production activities and expect to continue to do so.  in august 2014, we began a significant production capacity increase at the tesla factory by transitioning to our new final assembly line and upgrading our body center. these production capacity increases continued into 2015, with further investments including building a new paint shop, a new body shop for model x, and additional stamping capacity. we expect our annual production will increase considerably each year for the next several years. in addition, scaling our deliveries means that we will have an increasing number of cars in-transit, therefore production will exceed deliveries.
in addition to expanding our vehicle production, we expect to continue to lower the cost of manufacturing our vehicles over the next several quarters. we expect that this trend will contribute to improved automotive gross margin over time, excluding the impact of foreign currency movements. significant cost improvements for model s were achieved in 2014 and 2015 relating to material cost reductions from both engineering and commercial actions, and manufacturing efficiencies, excluding the impact of newly introduced model s variants and model x. however, during our product introductions over the last few years, we incurred manufacturing inefficiencies which negatively impacted our gross margin. we expect that automotive gross margin should increase during 2016 due to cost reductions for model s and improving margin on model x as our manufacturing efficiency improves for that vehicle, supporting our plan to be profitable for the fourth quarter of 2016. if we are not able to achieve the planned cost reductions from our various cost savings and process improvement initiatives or ramp model x efficiently, our ability to reach our gross margin goals would be negatively affected in the short-term.
to support our planned vehicle growth in 2016, we plan to continue expanding stores and service infrastructure worldwide, provide more timely service in areas with a high concentration of tesla customers, and continue expanding our supercharger and destination charger network. since we now offer our vehicles in many countries throughout north america, europe and asia, our expansion will primarily occur in geographic areas in which we already have a presence. we expect our long-term sales outside of north america will be almost half of our worldwide automotive revenue. as compared to markets in the united states, we have relatively limited experience in international markets, and thus we may face difficulties meeting our future international expansion plans. if we experience unexpected difficulties or delays in finding and opening desirable locations for stores and service centers, we may not be able to meet our delivery plans.
trends in cash flow, capital expenditures and operating expenses we expect to see a net increase in cash and cash equivalents for the full-year 2016. we plan to fund about $1.5 billion in capital expenditures without accessing any outside capital other than our existing sources that support our leasing and finished goods inventory. we plan to invest in equipment to support cell production at the gigafactory, begin installation of model 3 vehicle production machinery, open about 80 retail locations and service centers, and energize about 300 new supercharger locations.
our operating expenses are expected to grow by about 20% in 2016 as compared to 2015, driven primarily by the expansion of our retail and service centers as well as increases in general and administrative costs to support the growth of the business. we expect sales, general and administrative expenses to decline over time as a percentage of revenue as we focus on increasing operational efficiency while continuing to expand our customer and corporate infrastructure. over time, we also expect total operating expenses to decrease as a percentage of revenue.
as of december 31, 2015 and december 31, 2014, the net book value of our supercharger network was $339.2 million and $107.8 million and as of december 31, 2015 included 584 locations globally. we plan to continue investing in our supercharger network for the foreseeable future, including in north america, europe and asia and expect such spending to be a minimal portion of total capital spending during 2016. during 2016, this investment will grow our supercharger network by about 50%. we allocate supercharger related expenses to cost of automotive revenues and selling, general, and administrative expenses. these costs were immaterial for all periods presented.
customer financing options we offer loans and leases in north america, europe and asia primarily through various financial institutions. we offer a resale value guarantee in connection with certain loans offered by financial institutions and as of december 31, 2015 had approximately 18,400 vehicles under this program. we expanded this program to selected european and asian markets during the first half of 2015. resale value guarantees available for exercise within the next 12 months total $136.8 million in value and relate to 3,017 vehicles.
vehicle deliveries with the resale value guarantee do not impact our near-term cash flows and liquidity, since we receive the full amount of cash for the vehicle sales price at delivery. however, this program requires the deferral of revenues and costs into future periods as they are considered leases for accounting purposes.
while we do not assume any credit risk related to the customer, if a customer exercises the option to return the vehicle to us, we are exposed to liquidity risk that the resale value of vehicles under these programs may be lower than our guarantee, or the volume of vehicles returned to us may be higher than our estimates, or we may be unable to resell the used cars in a timely manner, all of which could adversely impact our cash flows. alternatively, in cases where customers retain their vehicles past the expiration of the guarantee period, the remaining deferred revenues and costs will be recognized at no gross profit.
based on current market demand for our cars, we estimate the resale prices for our vehicles will continue to be above our resale value guarantee amounts. should market values of our vehicles or customer demand decrease, these estimates may be impacted materially.
we currently offer leases in the u.s. directly from our captive financing entity, as well as through a leasing partner. leasing through tesla finance is now available in 39 states and the district of columbia. we also offer financing arrangements through entities in canada, germany and uk.  as of december 31, 2015, we had leased approximately 3,660 vehicles through our captive financing entities in the u.s. and germany and approximately 6,730 vehicles through our leasing partner. leasing through both our captive financing entities and our leasing partner exposes us to residual value risk and will adversely impact our near-term operating results by requiring the deferral of revenues and costs into future periods under lease accounting. in addition, for leases offered directly from our captive financing entities (but not for those offered through our bank partner), we will not receive the full amount of the cash for the vehicle price at delivery and will assume customer credit risk. we plan to continue expanding our leasing offerings.
the gigafactory we are developing the gigafactory as a facility where we work together with our suppliers to integrate production of battery material, cells, modules and battery packs in one location. we broke ground on the gigafactory in june 2014 and began assembling our tesla energy products in the first portion of the facility in the fourth quarter of 2015.  we currently expect to produce cells at this site beginning in 2016 for use initially in our tesla energy products and later for our vehicles. over the next few years, we will continue to invest in the expansion of additional tesla energy production capacity.
we continue to invest in construction of the building and utilities at the gigafactory and in production equipment for battery, module and pack production. we will be responsible for the overall management of the gigafactory and will engage with partners who have significant experience in battery cell and material production. panasonic has agreed to partner with us on the gigafactory with investments in production equipment that it will use to manufacture and supply us with battery cells. under our arrangement with panasonic, we plan to purchase the full output from their production equipment at negotiated prices.  as these terms convey a right to use the production related assets as defined within asc 840 - leases, we will consider these leased assets beginning with the start of cell production in 2016.
given the size and complexity of this undertaking, the cost of building and operating the gigafactory could exceed our current expectations, we may have difficulty signing up additional partners, and the gigafactory may take longer to bring online than we anticipate.
critical accounting policies and estimates our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states. the preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, costs and expenses and related disclosures. we base our estimates on historical experience, as appropriate, and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. changes in the accounting estimates are reasonably likely to occur from period to period. accordingly, actual results could differ significantly from the estimates made by our management. we evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. to the extent that there are material differences between these estimates and actual results, our future financial statement presentation, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows will be affected. we believe that the following critical accounting policies involve a greater degree of judgment and complexity than our other accounting policies. accordingly, these are the policies we believe are the most critical to understanding and evaluating our consolidated financial condition and results of operations.
revenue recognition we recognize revenue for products and services when: (i) a persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (ii) delivery has occurred and there are no uncertainties regarding customer acceptance; (iii) pricing or fees are fixed or determinable; and (iv) collection is reasonably assured.
vehicle sales include standard features, customer selected options and accessories, and specific other elements that meet the definition of a deliverable under multiple-element accounting guidance including free internet connectivity, access to our supercharger network, and future over the air software updates.  these deliverables are valued on a stand-alone basis and we recognize their revenue over our performance period, which is generally the eight-year life of the vehicle, except for internet connectivity which is over the free four year period.  if we sell a deliverable separately, we use that pricing to determine its fair value; otherwise, we use our best estimated selling price by considering costs used to develop and deliver the service, third party pricing of similar options, and other information which may be available.
vehicle sales to customers with a residual value guarantee we offer resale value guarantees or similar buy-back terms to all customers who purchase vehicles and who finance their vehicle through one of our specified banking partners.  under this program, customers have the option of selling their vehicle back to us during the guarantee period for a pre-determined resale value.  guarantee periods generally range from 36 to 39 months.  although we receive full payment for the vehicle sales price at the time of delivery, we are required to account for these as operating leases.  the amount of sale proceeds equal to the residual value guarantee is deferred until the guarantee expires or is exercised.  the remaining sale proceeds are deferred and recognized on a straight line basis over the stated guarantee period. the guarantee period expires at the earlier of the end of the guarantee period or the pay-off of the initial loan.  we capitalize the cost of these vehicles to leased vehicles on our consolidated balance sheets and depreciate their value, less salvage value, to cost of automotive revenue over the same period.
in cases when customer retains ownership of the vehicle at the end of the guarantee period, the resale value guarantee liability and any remaining deferred revenue balances related to the vehicle are settled to automotive revenue and the net book value of the leased vehicle is expensed to costs of automotive revenue.  in cases when customers return the vehicle back to us during the guarantee period, we purchase the vehicle from the customer at an amount equal to the resale value guarantee and settle any remaining deferred balances to automotive revenue and we reclassify the net book value of the vehicle on our balance sheet to pre-owned vehicle inventory.  as of december 31, 2015, $136.8 million of guarantees are exercisable by customers within the next twelve months.
vehicle sales to leasing partners with a residual value guarantee in the fourth quarter of 2014, we also began offering residual value guarantees in connection with automobile sales to certain bank leasing partners.  as we have guaranteed the value of these vehicles and as the vehicles are leased to end-customers, we account for these transactions as interest bearing collateralized borrowings as required under asc 840 - leases.  under this program, cash is received for the full price of the vehicle and is recorded within resale value guarantee for the long-term portion and deferred revenue for the current portion.  we accrete the deferred revenue amount to automotive revenue on a straight line basis over the guarantee period and accrue interest expense based on our borrowing rate.  we capitalize vehicles under this program to leased vehicles on our consolidated balance sheets and record depreciation from these vehicles to cost of automotive revenues during the period the vehicle is under a lease arrangement.  cash received for these vehicles, net of revenue recognized during the period, is classified as collateralized lease borrowings within cash flows from financing activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows.
at the end of the lease term, we settle our liability in cash by either purchasing the vehicle from the leasing partner for the residual value guarantee amount, or paying a shortfall to the guarantee amount the leasing partner may realize on the sale of the vehicle.  any remaining balances within deferred revenue and resale value guarantee will be settled to automotive revenue.  in cases where the bank retains ownership of the vehicle after the end of our guarantee period, we expense the net value of the leased vehicle to costs of automotive revenue.  the maximum cash we could be required to pay under this program, assuming we repurchase of all vehicles under this program is $348.2 million at december 31, 2015.
as of december 31, 2015 and december 31, 2014, we had $527.5 million and $16.7 million of such borrowings recorded in the resale value guarantee liability and $120.5 million and $3.9 million recorded in deferred revenue liability.
at least annually, we assess the estimated market values of vehicles under our resale value guarantee program to determine if we have sustained a loss on any of these contracts. as we accumulate more data related to the resale values of our vehicles or as market conditions change, there may be significant changes to their estimated values.
direct vehicle leasing program we offer a vehicle leasing program in certain locations in the united states, canada and germany.  qualifying customers are permitted to lease a vehicle directly from tesla for 36 or 48 months.  at the end of the lease term, customers have the option of either returning the vehicle to us or purchasing if for a pre-determined residual value.  we account for these leasing transactions as operating leases and recognize leasing revenues over the contractual term and record the depreciation of these vehicles to cost of automotive revenues. as of december 31, 2015 and december 31, 2014, we had deferred $25.8 million and $9.4 million of lease-related upfront payments which will be recognized on a straight-line basis over the contractual term of the individual leases. lease revenues are recorded in automotive revenue and for the year ended december 31, 2015 and december 31, 2014, we recognized $41.2 million and $4.4 million maintenance and service plans we offer a prepaid maintenance program for our vehicles, which includes plans covering maintenance for up to eight years or up to 100,000 miles, provided these services are purchased within a specified period of time. the maintenance plans cover annual inspections and the replacement of wear and tear parts, excluding tires and the battery. payments collected in advance of the performance of service are initially recorded in deferred revenues on the consolidated balance sheets and recognized in automotive sales as we fulfill our performance obligations.
we also offer an extended service plan, which covers the repair or replacement of vehicle parts for an additional four years or up to an additional 50,000 miles, after the end of our initial new vehicle limited warranty, provided they are purchased within a specified period of time. payments collected in advance of the performance of service are initially recorded in deferred revenues on the consolidated balance sheets and recognized in automotive sales ratably over the service coverage periods.
inventory valuation inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. cost is computed using standard cost, which approximates actual cost on a first-in, first-out basis. we record inventory write-downs for excess or obsolete inventories based upon assumptions about on current and future demand forecasts. if our inventory on hand is in excess of our future demand forecast, the excess amounts are written off.
we also review inventory to determine whether its carrying value exceeds the net amount realizable upon the ultimate sale of the inventory. this requires us to determine the estimated selling price of our vehicles less the estimated cost to convert inventory on hand into a finished product. once inventory is written-down, a new, lower-cost basis for that inventory is established and subsequent changes in facts and circumstances do not result in the restoration or increase in that newly established cost basis.
should our estimates of future selling prices or production costs change, additional and potentially material increases to this reserve may be required. a small change in our estimates may result in a material charge to our reported financial results.
warranties we provide a manufacturer's warranty on all vehicles, production powertrain components and systems, and tesla energy products we sell.  at the time of delivery, we accrue for a manufacturer's warranty which includes our best estimate of the projected costs to repair or to replace items under warranty. these estimates are based on actual claims incurred to-date and an estimate of the nature, frequency and costs of future claims.
these estimates are inherently uncertain and changes to our historical or projected warranty experience may cause material changes to our warranty reserve in the future. the portion of the warranty provision expected to be incurred within 12 months is classified as a current liability.
our warranty reserves do not include projected warranty costs associated with our vehicles accounted for as operating leases or collateralized debt arrangements. costs to repair these vehicles are expensed as incurred. warranty expense is recorded as a component of cost of automotive revenue.
stock-based compensation we use the fair value method of accounting for our stock options and restricted stock units (rsus) granted to employees and our employee stock purchase plan (espp) to measure the cost of employee services received in exchange for the stock-based awards. the fair value of stock options and espp are estimated on the grant date and offering date using the black-scholes option-pricing model. the fair value of rsus is measured on the grant date based on the closing fair market value of our common stock. the resulting cost is recognized over the period during which an employee is required to provide service in exchange for the awards, usually the vesting period which is generally four years for stock options and rsus and six months for the espp. stock-based compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis, net of estimated forfeitures.
the black-scholes option-pricing model requires inputs such as the risk-free interest rate, expected term and expected volatility. further, the forfeiture rate also affects the amount of aggregate compensation. these inputs are subjective and generally require significant judgment.
we estimate our forfeiture rate based on an analysis of our actual forfeiture experience and will continue to evaluate the appropriateness of the forfeiture rate based on actual forfeiture experience, analysis of employee turnover behavior and other factors. quarterly changes in the estimated forfeiture rate can have a significant effect on reported stock-based compensation expense, as the cumulative effect of adjusting the rate for all expense amortization is recognized in the period the forfeiture estimate is changed. if a revised forfeiture rate is higher than the previously estimated forfeiture rate, an adjustment is made that will result in a decrease to the stock-based compensation expense recognized in the consolidated financial statements. if a revised forfeiture rate is lower than the previously estimated forfeiture rate, an adjustment is made that will result in an increase to the stock-based compensation expense recognized in the consolidated financial statements.
as we accumulate additional employee stock-based awards data over time and as we incorporate market data related to our common stock, we may calculate significantly different volatilities, expected lives and forfeiture rates, which could materially impact the valuation of our stock-based awards and the stock-based compensation expense that we will recognize in future periods. stock-based compensation expense is recorded in our cost of revenues, research and development expenses, and selling, general and administrative expenses.
in august 2012, our board of directors granted 5,274,901 stock options to our ceo (2012 ceo grant).  the 2012 ceo grant consists of ten vesting tranches with a vesting schedule based entirely on the attainment of both performance conditions and market conditions, assuming continued employment and service to us through each vesting date.
each of the vesting tranches requires a combination of one of the ten pre-determined performance milestones outlined below and an incremental increase in our market capitalization of $4.0 billion, as compared to the initial market capitalization of $3.2 billion measured at the time of the 2012 ceo grant.
·   gross margin of 30% or more for four consecutive quarters;
the term of the 2012 ceo grant is ten years, so any tranches that remain unvested at the expiration of the 2012 ceo grant will be forfeited.  in addition, unvested options will be forfeited if our ceo is no longer in that role, whether for cause or otherwise.
we measured the fair value of the 2012 ceo grant using a monte carlo simulation approach with the following assumptions: risk-free interest rate of 1.65%, expected term of ten years, expected volatility of 55% and dividend yield of 0%.
stock-based compensation expense associated with the 2012 ceo grant is recognized for each pair of performance and market conditions over the longer of the expected achievement period of the performance and market conditions, beginning at the point in time that the relevant performance condition is considered probable of being met.
as of december 31, 2015, the market conditions for seven vesting tranches and the following performance milestones were achieved and approved by our board of directors, and therefore four of ten tranches of the 2012 ceo grant were vested as of such date:
as of december 31, 2015 the following two performance milestones were considered probable of achievement:
as the above three performance milestones were considered probable of achievement, we recorded stock-based compensation expense of $10.6 million, $25.0 million and $14.5 million for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013.
additionally, no cash compensation has ever been received by our ceo for his services to the company.
income taxes we are subject to federal and state taxes in the united states in many foreign jurisdictions. significant judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes, our deferred tax assets and liabilities and any valuation allowance recorded against our net deferred tax assets. we make these estimates and judgments about our future taxable income that are based on assumptions that are consistent with our future plans. tax laws, regulations, and administrative practices may be subject to change due to economic or political conditions including fundamental changes to the tax laws applicable to corporate multinationals. the u.s., many countries in the european union, and a number of other countries are actively considering changes in this regard. as of december 31, 2015, we had recorded a full valuation allowance on our net u.s. deferred tax assets because we expect that it is more likely than not that our u.s. deferred tax assets will not be realized in the foreseeable future. should the actual amounts differ from our estimates, the amount of our valuation allowance could be materially impacted.
furthermore, significant judgment is required in evaluating our tax positions. in the ordinary course of business, there are many transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax settlement is uncertain. as a result, we recognize the effect of this uncertainty on our tax attributes based on our estimates of the eventual outcome. these effects are recognized when, despite our belief that our tax return positions are supportable, we believe that it is more likely than not that those positions may not be fully sustained upon review by tax authorities. we are required to file income tax returns in the united states and various foreign jurisdictions, which requires us to interpret the applicable tax laws and regulations in effect in such jurisdictions. such returns are subject to audit by the various federal, state and foreign taxing authorities, who may disagree with respect to our tax positions. we believe that our consideration is adequate for all open audit years based on our assessment of many factors, including past experience and interpretations of tax law. we review and update our estimates in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the closing of a tax audit, the lapse of a statute of limitations or a change in estimate. to the extent that the final tax outcome of these matters differs from our expectations, such differences may impact income tax expense in the period in which such determination is made. the eventual impact on our income tax expense depends in part if we still have a valuation allowance recorded against our deferred tax assets in the period that such determination is made.
results of operations revenues automotive revenue includes revenues related to deliveries of new model s and model x vehicles, including internet connectivity, supercharging access, and over the air software updates, as well as sales of regulatory credits to other automotive manufacturers, amortization of revenue for cars sold with resale value guarantees, and vehicle leasing revenue.
services and other revenue consists of repair and maintenance services, service plans and merchandise, sales of pre-owned tesla vehicles, sales of electric vehicle powertrain components and systems to other manufacturers, tesla energy products, and net sales of non-tesla vehicle trade-ins.
automotive revenue during the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013 were $3.74 billion, $3.00 billion, and $1.92 billion. the increase was primarily driven by the ramp in vehicle deliveries. for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013 automotive revenue includes $309.4 million, $132.6 million and $33.5 million from the accretion of the deferred revenues from our resale value guarantee and other similar programs, as well as tesla leasing.
cost of revenues and gross profit cost of automotive revenues includes direct parts, material and labor costs, manufacturing overhead, including amortized tooling costs, shipping and logistic costs, vehicle internet connectivity costs, allocations of electricity and infrastructure costs related to our supercharger network, and reserves for estimated warranty expenses. cost of revenues also includes adjustments to warranty expense and charges to write down the carrying value of our inventory when it exceeds its estimated net realizable value and to provide for on-hand inventory that is either obsolete or is in excess of forecasted demand.
cost of automotive revenues for the year ended december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013 were $2.82 billion, $2.15 billion, and $1.48 billion. the increase in cost of automotive revenues was driven primarily by increased model s deliveries. for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013, we recognized $172.4 million, $84.5, and $21.1 million in cost of automotive revenues related to cars accounted for as operating leases.
cost of services and other revenue includes direct parts, material and labor costs for repair and maintenance services, allocations of service center overhead costs, pre-owned tesla vehicle sales, sales of our powertrain components, and costs related to the production and sale of tesla energy products. for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013 costs of services and other revenue were $299.2 million, $170.9 million, and $73.9 million. the increase in cost of services and other revenues was driven primarily by greater pre-owned vehicle sales and increased maintenance and repair services in all years, and increased powertrain sales to daimler in 2014 as compared to 2013.
gross profit for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013 were $923.5 million, $881.7 million and $456.3 million gross margin for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013 were 22.8%, 27.6%, and 22.7%. the lower margin in 2015 as compared to 2014 was primarily due to product and regional mix shift, as a greater percentage of sales were derived from vehicle models with lower average selling prices, and increased manufacturing costs related to the ramp in production of the small drive unit for dual motor model s vehicles and start of model x production, obsolete inventory and lower zev credits revenue. this margin decrease was partially offset by an increasing amount of revenues from vehicles accounted for as leases including direct lease vehicles and those under our resale value guarantee programs which have a significantly higher gross margin and from material cost savings. services and other gross margin were also down year over year, primarily driven by a planned price reduction for powertrain sales to daimler.  the increase in gross profit from 2013 to 2014 was primarily due to manufacturing and supply chain efficiencies as well as component cost reductions and higher regulatory credit sales, partially offset by manufacturing inefficiencies associated with transitioning to our new final assembly line and launch of all-wheel drive dual motor model s.
research and development expenses research and development (r&d) expenses consist primarily of personnel costs for our teams in engineering and research, supply chain, quality, manufacturing engineering and manufacturing test organizations, prototyping expense, contract and professional services and amortized equipment expense.
r&d expenses for the year ended december 31, 2015 were $717.9 million, an increase from $464.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. the increase in r&d expenses consisted primarily of a $93.9 million increase in expensed materials primarily to support our model x development and model s improvements, a $75.9 million increase in employee compensation expenses, a $30.6 million increase in facilities and depreciation costs, a $20.1 million increase in costs related to model x, autopilot and dual motor powertrain engineering, design and testing activities and a $22.8 million increase in stock-based compensation expense related to increased headcount and increasing values of awards granted.
r&d expenses for the year ended december 31, 2014 were $464.7 million, an increase from $232.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. the increase in r&d expenses consisted primarily of an $85.3 million increase in employee compensation expenses, a $60.7 million increase in expensed materials primarily to support our model x, dual motor powertrain and right-hand drive model s development, a $50.9 million increase in costs related to model x, dual motor powertrain and right-hand drive model s engineering, design and testing activities, a $28.1 million increase in stock-based compensation expense related to increased headcount and increasing values of awards granted, a $4.1 million increase in office, information technology and facilities-related costs and a $3.3 million increase in shipping charges for model x, dual motor powertrain and right-hand drive model s development.
selling, general and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative (sg&a) expenses consist primarily of personnel and facilities costs related to our tesla retail and service stores, marketing, sales, executive, finance, human resources, information technology and legal organizations, settlements and fees for professional and contract services supporting these functions.
sg&a expenses for the year ended december 31, 2015 were $922.2 million, an increase from $603.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. sg&a expenses increased primarily from higher headcount and facility costs, including stock based compensation, to support an expanded retail, service and supercharger footprint as well as the general growth of the business. the increase in our sg&a expenses consisted primarily of a $138.4 million increase in employee compensation expenses related to higher sales, service and marketing headcount to support sales activities worldwide and higher general and administrative headcount to support the expansion of the business, $126.1 million increase in office, information technology and facilities-related costs to support the growth of our business as well as sales and marketing activities to handle our expanding market presence, a $41.8 million increase in professional and outside services costs, and a $12.2 million increase in stock based compensation.
sg&a expenses for the year ended december 31, 2014 were $603.7 million, an increase from $285.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. sg&a expenses increased primarily from higher headcount and facility costs to support an expanded retail, service and supercharger footprint as well as the general growth of the business. the $318.1 million increase in our sg&a expenses consisted primarily of a $141.1 million increase in employee compensation expenses related to higher sales, service and marketing headcount to support sales activities worldwide and higher general and administrative headcount to support the expansion of the business, a $135.9 million increase in office, information technology and facilities-related costs to support the growth of our business as well as sales and marketing activities to handle our expanding market presence, a $35.8 million increase in stock-based compensation expense related to additional headcount and  increasing value of awards granted and a $27.2 million increase in professional and outside services costs.
interest expense interest expense for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013 was $118.9 million, $100.9 million, and $32.9 million. the increase in interest expense is primarily due to the issuance of $920.0 million aggregate principal amount of 2019 notes and $1.38 billion aggregate principal amount of 2021 notes during the first half of 2014.
other income (expense), net other income (expense), net, consists primarily of foreign exchange gains and losses related to our foreign currency-denominated monetary assets and liabilities and the change in the fair value of our doe common stock warrant liability. our foreign exchange gains and losses will vary depending upon movements in the underlying foreign currency exchange rates. prior to the expiration of the doe warrant in may 2013, the doe warrant had been carried at its estimated fair value with changes in its fair value reflected in other income (expense), net.
other income (expense), net, for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013 was ($41.7) million, $1.8 million and $22.6 million. fluctuations in other income (expense) from 2014 to 2015 are primarily the result of gains (losses) from foreign currency exchange of ($45.6) million and $2.0 million for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014. foreign currency losses during 2015 related primarily to changes in the exchange rates of euro, norwegian krone, canadian dollars, and chinese yuan. other income, net of $22.6 million in 2013 was primarily due to the reduction in fair value of our doe common stock warrant liability of $10.7 million during the year.  other income, net, also includes the favorable foreign currency exchange impact from our foreign currency-denominated liabilities during the year ended december 31, 2013, especially related to the japanese yen.
provision for income taxes our provision for income taxes for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013 was $13.0 million, $9.4 million, and $2.6 million. the increases in the provision for income taxes were due primarily to the increase in taxable income in our international jurisdictions.
liquidity and capital resources as of december 31, 2015, we had $1.20 billion in principal sources of liquidity available from our cash and cash equivalents including $297.8 million of money market funds. amounts held in foreign currencies had a us dollar equivalent of $535.6 million as of december 31, 2015, and consisted primarily of euro, danish krone, norwegian krone, swedish krone, canadian dollars, euro, and japanese yen.
sources of cash are predominately from our deliveries of vehicles, as well as customer deposits, sales of regulatory credits, proceeds from financing activities, tesla energy products, and repair and maintenance services. we expect that our current sources of liquidity, including cash and cash equivalents, together with our current projections of cash flow from operating activities, will provide us with adequate liquidity over the next 12 months based on our current plans. these cash flows enable us to fund our ongoing operations, research and development projects for our planned model 3, and certain other future products; purchase tooling and manufacturing equipment required to continue to ramp up production of model x and model s; construct our gigafactory; and establish and expand our retail stores, service centers and supercharger network. we currently anticipate making aggregate capital expenditures of about $1.5 billion in 2016.
in 2015, we entered into a senior secured asset-based revolving credit agreement with a syndicate of banks under which we currently have total commitments of up to $1 billion. the credit agreement provides for a senior secured asset-based revolving credit facility, which we may draw upon as needed, subject to certain conditions. borrowed funds bear interest, at the company's option, at an annual rate of (a) 1% plus libor or (b) the highest of (i) the federal funds rate plus 0.50%, (ii) the lenders "prime rate" or (iii) 1% plus libor.  in february 2016, we amended the credit agreement and increased the availability and the commitments under the credit agreement from $750.0 million to $1.0 billion. as of december 31, 2015, borrowings under the credit facility of $135.0 million were used to repay all borrowings under and terminate a secured asset based line of credit we used to support our direct leasing program.
when market conditions are favorable, we may evaluate alternatives to pursue liquidity options to fund capital intensive initiatives. should prevailing economic, financial, business or other factors adversely affect our ability to meet our operating cash requirements, we could be required to obtain funding though traditional or alternative sources of financing. we cannot be certain that additional funds would be available to us on favorable terms when required, or at all.
net cash provided by (used in) operating activities       $(524,499           )         $(57,337           )                $264,804
net cash used in investing activities                            (1,673,551   )                 (990,444   )                (249,417   )
net cash provided by financing activities                         1,523,523                    2,143,130                     635,422
cash flows from operating activities our cash flows from operating activities are significantly affected by our cash investments to support the growth of our business in areas such as manufacturing, research and development and selling, general and administrative. our operating cash flows are also affected by our working capital needs to support growth and fluctuations in inventory, personnel related expenditures, accounts payable and other current assets and liabilities.
our operating cash inflows include cash from sales of our vehicles, customer deposits for model s and model x, sales of regulatory credits, cash from the provision of development services, and sales of powertrain components and systems. these cash inflows are offset by payments we make to our suppliers for production materials and parts used in our manufacturing process, employee compensation, operating leases and interest expense on our financings.
cash provided by (used in) operating activities was ($524.5) million, ($57.3) million and $264.8 in 2015, 2014 and 2013. the decrease in operating cash flows in 2015 as compared to 2014 was due to an increase in overall inventory to support growth, and increase in operating lease vehicles, partially offset by proceeds from sales, and higher operating expenses in r&d and sg&a.
the decrease in operating cash flows in 2014 as compared to 2013 was due to an increase in finished goods inventory primarily due to cars whose delivery slipped from q4 of 2014 to the following year, an increase in raw material inventory balances at year end necessary to meet our planned production requirements for model s in q1 of the following year, higher operating expenses in r&d and sg&a, and use of cash for vehicles directly leased by us, partially offset by increased cash receipts from customer payments on vehicle sales, including an increase in customer deposits.
customer deposits we collect deposits from customers at the time they place an order for a vehicle and, in some locations, at certain additional milestones up to the point of delivery. customer deposit amounts and timing vary depending on the vehicle model and country of delivery. customer deposits are fully refundable up to the point the vehicle is placed into the production cycle. amounts are included in current liabilities until refunded or until they are applied to a customer's purchase balance at time of delivery. as of december 31, 2015, we held $283.4 million in customer deposits.
cash flows from investing activities cash flows from investing activities primarily relate to capital expenditures to support our growth in operations, including investments in model s manufacturing equipment and tooling and our stores, service centers and supercharger network infrastructure.  cash used in investing activities was $1.67 billion, $990.4 million and $249.4 million in 2015, 2014 and 2013. cash flows from investing activities and variability between each year related primarily to capital expenditures, which were $1.63 billion, $969.9 million, and $264.2 million in 2015, 2014, and 2013. expenditures in all years consisted primarily of purchases of capital equipment, tooling, and facilities to support our model s and model x manufacturing.
in 2014, we began construction of our gigafactory facility in nevada.  tesla's contribution to total capital expenditures are expected to be about $2.0 billion over the next 5 years.  in 2015, we used cash of $220.0 million towards the construction of the first stage of this project and expect to spend up to $250 million over the next 12 months.
cash flows from financing activities net cash provided by financing activities was $1.52 billion, $2.14 billion and $635.4 million in 2015, 2014 and 2013. cash flows from financing activities during the twelve months ended december 31, 2015 consisted primarily of $738.3 million net proceeds from august 2015 public offering of 3,099,173 shares of common stock and $568.7 received from vehicle sales to our bank leasing partners. the decrease in cash provided from financing in 2015 as compared to 2014 was primarily due to $2.1 billion net proceeds received in 2014 from issuance of our 2019 and 2021 notes.
the increase in cash provided from financing in 2014 as compared to 2013 was primarily due to $2.1 billion net proceeds from the issuance of our 2019 and 2021 notes, including the associated hedge and warrant transactions, representing a $1.5 billion increase in debt financing as compared to 2013. cash flows from financing in 2013 that did not recur in 2014 included proceeds of $415.0 million from the issuance of common stock in public and private offerings and $452.3 million used to repay our doe loans.
0.25% and 1.25% convertible senior notes and bond hedge and warrant transactions in 2014, we issued $920.0 million principal amount of 0.25% convertible senior notes due 2019 (2019 notes) and $1.38 billion principal amount of 1.25% convertible senior notes due 2021 (2021 notes) in a public offering. the total net proceeds from these offerings, after deducting transaction costs, were approximately $905.8 million from the 2019 notes and $1.36 billion from the 2021 notes. the interest rates are fixed at 0.25% and 1.25% per annum for the 2019 and 2021 notes, and are payable semi-annually in arrears on march 1 and september 1 of each year, commencing on september 1, 2014.
in connection with the offering of these notes in 2014, we purchased convertible note hedges for $603.4 million in aggregate and sold warrants for $389.2 million in aggregate. taken together, the purchase of the convertible note hedges and the sale of warrants are intended to offset any actual dilution from the conversion of the 2019 notes and 2021 notes.
during the fourth quarter of 2015, the closing price of our common stock did not meet or exceed 130% of the applicable conversion price of our 2019 notes and 2021 notes on at least 20 of the last 30 consecutive trading days of the quarter; furthermore, no other conditions allowing holders of these notes to convert have been met as of december 31, 2015. therefore, the 2019 notes and 2021 notes are not convertible during the first quarter of 2016 and are classified as long-term debt. should the closing price conditions be met in the first quarter of 2016 or a future quarter, the 2019 notes and/or the 2021 notes will be convertible at their holders' option during the immediately following quarter.
1.50% convertible senior notes and bond hedge and warrant transactions in may 2013, we issued $660.0 million aggregate principal amount of 1.50% convertible senior notes due 2018 (the notes) in a public offering. the net proceeds from the offering, after deducting transaction costs, were approximately $648.0 million. the interest under the notes is fixed at 1.50% per annum and is payable semi-annually in arrears on june 1 and december 1 of each year, commencing on december 1, 2013.
in connection with the offering of the 2018 notes, we purchased convertible note hedges for $177.5 million in aggregate and sold warrants for $120.3 million in aggregate. taken together, the purchase of the convertible note hedges and the sale of warrants are intended to offset any actual dilution from the conversion of the 2018 notes.
during the fourth quarter of 2015, the closing price of our common stock exceeded 130% of the applicable conversion price of our 2018 notes on at least 20 of the last 30 consecutive trading days of the quarter; therefore, holders of 2018 notes may convert their notes during the first quarter of 2016. as such, we classified the $617.7 million carrying value of our 2018 notes as current liabilities and classified $42.1 million, representing the difference between the aggregate principal of our 2018 notes of $659.8 million and the carrying value of 2018 notes, as mezzanine equity on our consolidated balance sheet as of december 31, 2015. similarly, debt issuance costs were classified as other current assets as of december 31, 2015. should the closing price conditions be met in the first quarter of 2016 or a future quarter, the 2018 notes will be convertible at their holders' option during the immediately following quarter.
for more information on the 2018 notes, 2019 notes, and 2021 notes see part ii - item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data, note 8 - convertible notes and long-term debt obligations.
common stock offering and concurrent private placement concurrent with the execution of the 2018 notes and related transactions in may 2013, we also completed a public offering of common stock and sold a total of 3,902,862 shares of our common stock for total cash proceeds of approximately $355.1 million (which includes 487,857 shares or $45.0 million sold to our chief executive officer (ceo)), net of underwriting discounts and offering costs. we also sold 596,272 shares of our common stock to our ceo and received total cash proceeds of $55.0 million in a private placement at the public offering price.
in august 2015, we completed a public offering of common stock and sold a total of 3,099,173 shares of our common stock for total cash proceeds of approximately $738.3 million (which includes 82,645 shares or $20.0 million sold to elon musk, our chief executive officer (ceo)), net of underwriting discounts and offering costs.
contractual obligations we are party to contractual obligations involving commitments to make payments to third parties, including certain debt financing arrangements and leases, primarily for stores, service centers, certain manufacturing and corporate offices. these also include, as part of our normal business practices, contracts with suppliers for purchases of certain raw materials, components, and services to facilitate adequate supply of these materials and services and capacity reservation contracts. we have the following contractual obligations, including firm purchase obligations. a purchase obligation is defined as an agreement to purchase goods or services that is enforceable and legally binding on us and that specifies all significant terms. for obligations with cancellation provisions, the amounts included in the table below were limited to the non-cancelable portion of the agreement terms.  the expected timing of payments of the obligations in the preceding table is estimated based on current information. timing of payments and actual amounts paid may be different, depending on the time of receipt of goods or services, or changes to agreed-upon amounts for some obligations. open purchase orders are generally cancellable in full or in part at our discretion and are therefore not considered firm purchase obligations.
the following table sets forth, as of december 31, 2015 certain significant obligations that will affect our future liquidity (in thousands):
capital lease obligations, including interest              34,679                    16,758                  11,321                   5,488                  1,112                           -
(1)   amounts do not include future cash payments for purchase obligations which were recorded in accounts payable or accrued liabilities at december 31, 2015.
(2)   these totals represent aggregate purchase commitments with all vendors. some of the commitments included are our agreements with panasonic corporation, to the extent quantities and timing of such purchases are fixed. should we terminate the panasonic contracts prior to purchasing certain minimum quantities, we would owe an additional $57 million under the terms of the agreement as of december 31, 2015.
(3)   during the fourth quarter of 2015, the closing price of our common stock exceeded 130% of the applicable conversion price of our 2018 notes on at least 20 of the last 30 consecutive trading days of the quarter; therefore, holders of 2018 notes may convert their notes during the first quarter of 2016. as such, we classified the $617.7 million carrying value of our 2018 notes as current liabilities on our condensed consolidated balance sheet as of december 31, 2015 and have included related contractual payments in the 2016 category in the table above.
off-balance sheet arrangements during the periods presented, we did not have relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes.