item 1a.   risk factors you should carefully consider the following factors, which could materially affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. you should read these risk factors in conjunction with "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in item 7 and our consolidated financial statements and related notes in item 8.
general economic conditions, both in the u.s. and internationally, may adversely affect our results of operations.
we conduct operations in over 220 countries and territories. our u.s. and international operations are subject to normal cycles affecting the economy in general, as well as the local economic environments in which we operate. the factors that create cyclical changes to the economy and to our business are beyond our control, and it may be difficult for us to adjust our business model to mitigate the impact of these factors. in particular, our business is affected by levels of industrial production, consumer spending and retail activity, and our business, financial position and results of operations could be materially affected by adverse developments in these aspects of the economy.
we face significant competition which could adversely affect our business, financial position and results of operations.
we face significant competition on a local, regional, national and international basis. our competitors include the postal services of the u.s. and other nations, various motor carriers, express companies, freight forwarders, air couriers and others. competition may also come from other sources in the future. some of our competitors have cost and organizational structures that differ from ours and may offer services and pricing terms that we may not be willing or able to offer. if we are unable to timely and appropriately respond to competitive pressures, our business, financial position and results of operations could be adversely affected.
the transportation industry continues to consolidate and competition remains strong. as a result of consolidation, our competitors may increase their market share and improve their financial capacity, and may strengthen their competitive positions. business combinations could also result in competitors providing a wider variety of services and products at competitive prices, which could adversely affect our financial performance.
changes in our relationships with our significant customers, including the loss or reduction in business from one or more of them, could have an adverse impact on us.
no single customer accounts for 10% or more of our consolidated revenue. we do not believe the loss of any single customer would materially impair our overall financial condition or results of operations; however, collectively, some of our large customers might account for a relatively significant portion of the growth in revenue in a particular quarter or year. these customers can drive the growth in revenue for particular services based on factors such as: new customer product launches; trends in the e-commerce industry, such as the seasonality associated with the fourth quarter holiday season; business mergers and acquisitions; and the overall fast growth of a customer's underlying business. these customers could choose to divert all or a portion of their business with us to one of our competitors, demand pricing concessions for our services, require us to provide enhanced services that increase our costs, or develop their own shipping and distribution capabilities. if these factors drove some of our large customers to cancel all or a portion of their business relationships with us, it could materially impact the growth in our business and the ability to meet our current and long-term financial forecasts.
our business is subject to complex and stringent regulation in the u.s. and internationally.
we are subject to complex and stringent aviation, transportation, environmental, security, labor, employment and other governmental laws, regulations and policies, both in the u.s. and in the other countries in which we operate. in addition, our business is impacted by laws, regulations and policies that affect global trade, including tariff and trade policies, export requirements, taxes, monetary policies and other restrictions and charges. changes in laws, regulations and policies and the related interpretations may alter the landscape in which we do business and may affect our costs of doing business. the impact of new laws, regulations and policies cannot be predicted. compliance with new laws and regulations may increase our operating costs or require significant capital expenditures. any failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations in the u.s. or in any of the countries in which we operate could result in substantial fines or possible revocation of our authority to conduct our operations, which could adversely affect our financial performance.
increased security requirements could impose substantial costs on us and we could be the target of an attack or have a security breach.
as a result of concerns about global terrorism and homeland security, governments around the world have adopted or may adopt stricter security requirements that will result in increased operating costs for businesses in the transportation industry. these requirements may change periodically as a result of regulatory and legislative requirements and in response to evolving threats. we cannot determine the effect that these new requirements will have on our cost structure or our operating results, and these rules or other future security requirements may increase our costs of operations and reduce operating efficiencies. regardless of our compliance with security requirements or the steps we take to secure our facilities or fleet, we could be the target of an attack or security breaches could occur, which could adversely affect our operations or our reputation.
we may be affected by global climate change or by legal, regulatory or market responses to such a potential change.
concern over climate change, including the impact of global warming, has led to significant federal, state and international legislative and regulatory efforts to limit greenhouse gas ("ghg") emissions. for example, in the past several years, the u.s. congress has considered various bills that would regulate ghg emissions. while these bills have not yet received sufficient congressional support for enactment, some form of federal climate change legislation is possible in the future. even in the absence of such legislation, the environmental protection agency, spurred by judicial interpretation of the clean air act, may regulate ghg emissions, especially aircraft or diesel engine emissions, and this could impose substantial costs on us. these costs include an increase in the cost of the fuel and other energy we purchase and capital costs associated with updating or replacing our aircraft or vehicles prematurely. until the timing, scope and extent of any future regulation becomes known, we cannot predict its effect on our cost structure or our operating results. it is reasonably possible that such legislation or regulation could impose material costs on us. moreover, even without such legislation or regulation, increased awareness and any adverse publicity in the global marketplace about the ghgs emitted by companies in the airline and transportation industries could harm our reputation and reduce customer demand for our services, especially our air services.
strikes, work stoppages and slowdowns by our employees could adversely affect our business, financial position and results of operations.
a significant number of our employees are employed under a national master agreement and various supplemental agreements with local unions affiliated with the teamsters. in addition, our airline pilots, airline mechanics, ground mechanics and certain other employees are employed under other collective bargaining agreements. strikes, work stoppages and slowdowns by our employees could adversely affect our ability to meet our customers' needs, and customers may do more business with competitors if they believe that such actions or threatened actions may adversely affect our ability to provide services. we may face a permanent loss of customers if we are unable to provide uninterrupted service, and this could adversely affect our business, financial position and results of operations. the terms of future collective bargaining agreements also may affect our competitive position and results of operations.
we are exposed to the effects of changing prices of energy, including gasoline, diesel and jet fuel, and interruptions in supplies of these commodities.
changing fuel and energy costs may have a significant impact on our operations. we require significant quantities of fuel for our aircraft and delivery vehicles and are exposed to the risk associated with variations in the market price for petroleum products, including gasoline, diesel and jet fuel. we mitigate our exposure to changing fuel prices through our indexed fuel surcharges and we may also enter into hedging transactions from time to time. if we are unable to maintain or increase our fuel surcharges, higher fuel costs could adversely impact our operating results. even if we are able to offset the cost of fuel with our surcharges, high fuel surcharges may result in a mix shift from our higher-yielding air products to lower-yielding ground products or an overall reduction in volume. if fuel prices rise sharply, even if we are successful in increasing our fuel surcharge, we could experience lag time in implementing the surcharge, which could adversely affect our short-term operating results. there can be no assurance that our hedging transactions will be effective to protect us from changes in fuel prices. moreover, we could experience a disruption in energy supplies, including our supply of gasoline, diesel and jet fuel, as a result of war, actions by producers, or other factors beyond our control, which could have an adverse effect on our business.
changes in exchange rates or interest rates may have an adverse effect on our results.
we conduct business across the globe with a significant portion of our revenue derived from operations outside the united states. our operations in international markets are affected by changes in the exchange rates for local currencies, and in particular the euro, british pound sterling, canadian dollar, chinese renminbi and hong kong dollar.
we are exposed to changes in interest rates, primarily on our short-term debt and that portion of our long-term debt that carries floating interest rates. the impact of a 100-basis-point change in interest rates affecting our debt is discussed in the "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk" section of this report. additionally, changes in interest rates impact the valuation of our pension and postretirement benefit obligations and the related benefit cost recognized in the income statement. the impact of changes in interest rates on our pension and postretirement benefit obligations and costs is discussed further in the "critical accounting policies and estimates" section of this report.
we monitor and manage our exposures to changes in currency exchange rates and interest rates, and make use of derivative instruments to mitigate the impact of changes in these rates on our financial position and results of operations; however, changes in exchange rates and interest rates cannot always be predicted or hedged.
if we are unable to maintain our brand image and corporate reputation, our business may suffer.
our success depends in part on our ability to maintain the image of the ups brand and our reputation for providing excellent service to our customers. service quality issues, actual or perceived, even when false or unfounded, could tarnish the image of our brand and may cause customers to use other companies. also, adverse publicity surrounding labor relations, environmental concerns, security matters, political activities and the like, or attempts to connect our company to these sorts of issues, either in the united states or other countries in which we operate, could negatively affect our overall reputation and acceptance of our services by customers. damage to our reputation and loss of brand equity could reduce demand for our services and thus have an adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations, and could require additional resources to rebuild our reputation and restore the value of our brand.
a significant privacy breach or it system disruption could adversely affect our business and we may be required to increase our spending on data and system security.
we rely on information technology networks and systems, including the internet, to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities. in addition, the provision of service to our customers and the operation of our networks and systems involve the storage and transmission of proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data, including personal information of customers, employees and others. our franchised center locations also are reliant on the use of information technology systems to manage their business processes and activities. our and our franchisees' information technology systems, some of which are managed by third-parties, may be susceptible to damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to failures during the process of upgrading or replacing software, databases or components thereof, power outages, hardware failures, computer viruses, attacks by computer hackers, malicious insiders, telecommunication failures, user errors or catastrophic events. hackers, acting individually or in coordinated groups, may also launch distributed denial of service attacks or other coordinated attacks that may cause service outages or other interruptions in our business. in addition, breaches in security could expose us, our customers and franchisees, or the individuals affected, to a risk of loss or misuse of proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data. the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service or sabotage systems change frequently, may be difficult to detect for a long time and often are not recognized until launched against a target. as a result, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures.
any of these occurrences could result in disruptions in our operations, the loss of existing or potential customers, damage to our brand and reputation, and litigation and potential liability for the company. in addition, the cost and operational consequences of implementing further data or system protection measures could be significant. in august 2014, a broad-based malware intrusion targeting retailers throughout the u.s. was discovered and subsequently eradicated at approximately 1% of our franchisees' locations. while the impact of this cyber-attack, including the costs associated with investigation and remediation activities, was not material to our business and our financial results, our efforts to deter, identify, mitigate and/or eliminate any future breaches may not be successful.
severe weather or other natural or manmade disasters could adversely affect our business.
severe weather conditions and other natural or manmade disasters, including storms, floods, fires or earthquakes, epidemics or pandemics, or terrorist attacks, conflicts or unrest, may result in decreased revenues, as our customers reduce their shipments, or increased costs to operate our business, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations for a quarter or year. any such event affecting one of our major facilities could result in a significant interruption in or disruption of our business.
we make significant capital investments in our business of which a significant portion is tied to projected volume levels.
we require significant capital investments in our business consisting of aircraft, vehicles, technology, facilities and sorting and other types of equipment to support both our existing business and anticipated growth. forecasting projected volume involves many factors which are subject to uncertainty, such as general economic trends, changes in governmental regulation and competition. if we do not accurately forecast our future capital investment needs, we could have excess capacity or insufficient capacity, either of which would negatively affect our revenues and profitability. in addition to forecasting our capital investment requirements, we adjust other elements of our operations and cost structure in response to adverse economic conditions; however, these adjustments may not be sufficient to allow us to maintain our operating margins in a weak economy.
we derive a significant portion of our revenues from our international operations and are subject to the risks of doing business in international markets.
we have significant international operations and while the geographical diversity of our international operations helps ensure that we are not overly reliant on a single region or country, we are continually exposed to changing economic, political and social developments beyond our control. emerging markets are typically more volatile than those in the developed world, and any broad-based downturn in these markets could reduce our revenues and adversely affect our business, financial position and results of operations. we are subject to many laws governing our international operations, including those that prohibit improper payments to government officials and commercial customers, and restrict where we can do business, our shipments to certain countries and the information that we can provide to non-u.s. governments.
we are subject to changes in markets and our business plans that have resulted, and may in the future result, in substantial write-downs of the carrying value of our assets, thereby reducing our net income.
our regular review of the carrying value of our assets has resulted, from time to time, in significant impairments, and we may in the future be required to recognize additional impairment charges. changes in business strategy, government regulations, or economic or market conditions have resulted and may result in further substantial impairments of our intangible, fixed or other assets at any time in the future. in addition, we have been and may be required in the future to recognize increased depreciation and amortization charges if we determine that the useful lives of our fixed assets or intangible assets are shorter than we originally estimated. such changes could reduce our net income.
employee health and retiree health and pension benefit costs represent a significant expense to us.
with approximately 444,000 employees, including approximately 362,000 in the u.s., our expenses relating to employee health and retiree health and pension benefits are significant. in recent years, we have experienced significant increases in some of these costs, largely as a result of economic factors beyond our control, including, in particular, ongoing increases in health care costs well in excess of the rate of inflation and historically low discount rates that we use to value our benefit plan obligations. continued increasing health care costs, volatility in investment returns and discount rates, as well as changes in laws, regulations and assumptions used to calculate retiree health and pension benefit expenses, may adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations or require significant contributions to our benefit plans. the new national master agreement with the ibt includes changes that are designed to mitigate certain of these health care expenses, but there can be no assurance that our efforts will be successful or that the failure or success of these efforts will not adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations or liquidity.
we participate in a number of trustee-managed multiemployer pension and health and welfare plans for employees covered under collective bargaining agreements. as part of the overall collective bargaining process for wage and benefit levels, we have agreed to contribute certain amounts to the multiemployer benefit plans during the contract period. the multiemployer benefit plans set benefit levels and are responsible for benefit delivery to participants. future contribution amounts to multiemployer benefit plans will be determined only through collective bargaining, and we have no additional legal or constructive obligation to increase contributions beyond the agreed-upon amounts (except potential surcharges under the pension protection act of 2006 in the event that a plan enters critical status, and our contributions are not sufficient to satisfy any rehabilitation plan funding schedule). in future collective bargaining negotiations, we could agree to make significantly higher future contributions to improve the funded status of one or more of these plans. the funded status of these multiemployer plans are impacted by various factors, including investment performance, health care inflation, changes in demographics and changes in participant benefit levels. at this time, we are unable to determine the amount of additional future contributions, if any, or whether any material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity could result from our participation in these plans.
in addition to our ongoing multi-employer pension plan obligations, we may have additional exposure with respect to benefits earned in the central states pension fund (the "cspf"), from which ups withdrew in 2007 in return for fully funding its allocable share of unfunded vested benefits thereunder. in 2015, cspf submitted a proposed pension suspension plan to the u.s. department of treasury under the multiemployer pension reform act of 2014 ("mpra") which proposes to make retirement benefit reductions to cspf participants, including to the benefits of certain ups employee participants. separately, ups agreed to provide supplemental benefits under the ups/ibt full-time employee pension plan to offset certain benefit reductions under the cspf. we have no other multi-employer pension plans subject to such a funding obligation. ups has reviewed the cspf's proposed plan to evaluate the validity of the actions taken by the cspf, the plan's compliance with the mpra (and proposed regulations thereunder) and its potential impact on ups's funding obligations under the ups/ibt full-time employee pension plan. we are vigorously challenging the proposed suspension plan because it does not fully comply with the law and we do not believe certain actions by cspf are valid. accordingly, we have not assumed or recognized a liability for supplemental benefits within the ups/ibt full-time employee pension plan due to the submission of cspf's proposed plan to the u.s. department of treasury. further, we are not able to estimate a range of additional obligations, if any, or determine whether any such amounts are material due to a number of uncertainties relating to the mpra (and proposed regulations thereunder) and assumptions made by the cspf in its proposed plan.
we may be subject to various claims and lawsuits that could result in significant expenditures.
the nature of our business exposes us to the potential for various claims and litigation related to labor and employment, personal injury, property damage, business practices, environmental liability and other matters. any material litigation or a catastrophic accident or series of accidents could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations.
we may not realize the anticipated benefits of acquisitions, joint ventures or strategic alliances.
as part of our business strategy, we may acquire businesses and form joint ventures or strategic alliances. whether we realize the anticipated benefits from these transactions depends, in part, upon the successful integration between the businesses involved, the performance of the underlying operations, capabilities or technologies and the management of the acquired operations. accordingly, our financial results could be adversely affected by our failure to effectively integrate the acquired operations, unanticipated performance issues, transaction-related charges or charges for impairment of long-term assets that we acquire.
insurance and claims expenses could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we have a combination of both self-insurance and high-deductible insurance programs for the risks arising out of the services we provide and the nature of our global operations, including claims exposure resulting from cargo loss, personal injury, property damage, aircraft and related liabilities, business interruption and workers' compensation. workers' compensation, automobile and general liabilities are determined using actuarial estimates of the aggregate liability for claims incurred and an estimate of incurred but not reported claims, on an undiscounted basis. our accruals for insurance reserves reflect certain actuarial assumptions and management judgments, which are subject to a high degree of variability. if the number or severity of claims for which we are retaining risk increases, our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. if we lose our ability to self-insure these risks, our insurance costs could materially increase and we may find it difficult to obtain adequate levels of insurance coverage.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview growth in the us economy proceeded at a moderately slow and uneven pace throughout 2015, resulting in 2.4% gdp growth for the year with an initial estimate of 1.8% gdp growth in the fourth quarter of 2015 when compared to 2014. consumer spending remains the primary driver of growth in the economy, as the combination of low inflation, healthy employment growth and a strong dollar have created a favorable environment for u.s. households. however, much of the growth in consumer spending has been centered in the service sector and not in the manufacturing sector. retail sales growth was disappointing throughout most of 2015, and finished the year on a soft note with an underwhelming holiday season. e-commerce has been one of the few bright spots for retailers, as growth in digital sales far outpaced traditional brick-and mortar retailers. u.s. manufacturing continues to struggle, with weak export demand and sharp cutbacks in the mining sector combining to curb domestic industrial production and investment spending in the economy. these conditions are likely to continue in upcoming quarters, and growth is expected to remain fairly uneven in the economy as the bifurcation of the economy continues through the first half of 2016. given these trends, overall volume grew slowly during 2015, with those products most aligned with the retail industry and e-commerce in particular experiencing the most growth.
global gdp forecasts have been reduced in recent months, largely driven by growth concerns in emerging markets. china's economy continues to decelerate, particularly in the manufacturing sector, and recent financial market turmoil has raised concerns that the pace of deceleration might be faster than initially expected. this in turn has driven down commodity prices worldwide, and weakened the outlook for china's major trading partners such as the eu and other emerging asian nations. the fall in commodity prices has negative implications for many other emerging economies, particularly in latin america and russia, which rely on commodity exports to drive economic growth. outside of emerging markets, growth in the developed world appears to be continuing at a moderate pace, and advanced economies such as the many eu nations should continue to experience solid growth in 2016. the uneven nature of economic growth worldwide, combined with a trend towards more intra-regional trade, has continued the shifting of trade patterns and weakened demand in certain trade lanes. as a result of these circumstances, we continued to adjust our air capacity and cost structure in our transportation network to better match the prevailing volume levels. our broad portfolio of product offerings and the flexibilities inherent in our transportation network have helped us adapt to these changing trends.
while the worldwide economic environment remained challenging in 2015, we have continued to undertake several initiatives in the u.s. and internationally to (1) improve the flexibility and capacity in our transportation network; (2) improve yield management; and (3) increase operational efficiency and contain costs across all segments. most notably, the continued deployment of technology improvements (including several facility automation projects and the accelerated deployment of our on road integrated optimization and navigation system - "orion") should increase our network capacity, and improve operational efficiency, flexibility and reliability. additionally, we have continued to utilize newly expanded operating facilities to improve time-in-transit for shipments in each region.
year ended december 31,                                  % change
operating profit (in millions)                   $7,668                $4,968                $7,034              54.3       %        (29.4   )%
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations items affecting comparability the year-over-year comparisons of our financial results are affected by the following items (in millions):
defined benefit plans mark-to-market charge            $118                $1,062                  $-
gain upon liquidation of foreign subsidiary               -                     -                (245    )
income tax expense (benefit) from the items above       (39    )             (807    )            (75    )
these items have been excluded from comparisons of "adjusted" operating expenses, operating profit, operating margin and income taxes in the discussion that follows.
defined benefit plans mark-to-market charge in 2015, we recognized pre-tax mark-to-market losses in compensation and benefits expense of $118 million ($79 million after-tax) on our pension and postretirement defined benefit plans related to the remeasurement of plan assets and liabilities recognized outside of a 10% corridor. these charges impacted our u.s. domestic package segment ($62 million), international package segment ($44 million) and supply chain & freight segment ($12 million).
in 2014, we recognized pre-tax mark-to-market losses in compensation and benefits expense of $1.062 billion ($670 million after-tax) on our pension and postretirement defined benefit plans related to the remeasurement of plan assets and liabilities recognized outside of a 10% corridor. these charges impacted our u.s. domestic package segment ($660 million), international package segment ($200 million) and supply chain & freight segment ($202 million).
no mark-to-market gain or loss was incurred in 2013, as the remeasurement of plan assets and liabilities only resulted in adjustments within the 10% corridor (and thus only impacted accumulated other comprehensive income).
the table below indicates the amounts associated with each component of the pre-tax mark-to-market loss, as well as the weighted-average actuarial assumptions used to determine our net periodic benefit costs, for each year:
year ended december 31, components of mark-to-market gain (loss) (in millions):                                             2015                  2014                2013
return on assets                                                                             (1,550    )               42                   -
demographic and assumption changes                                                             (133    )             (150    )              -
reclassification of prior year unrecognized benefit cost                                        (59    )                -                   -
total mark-to-market gain (loss)                                                              $(118    )          $(1,062    )             $-
weighted-average actuarial assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost:                 2015                  2014                2013
expected rate of return on plan assets                                                         8.66    %             8.66    %           8.69   %
actual rate of return on plan assets                                                           0.37    %             9.45    %           8.36   %
discount rate used for net periodic benefit cost                                               4.36    %             5.24    %           4.38   %
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the $118 million and $1.062 billion pre-tax mark-to-market losses for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, were comprised of the following components:
2015 - $118 million pre-tax mark-to-market loss:
•   discount rates ($1.624 billion pre-tax gain): the weighted-average discount rate for our pension and postretirement medical plans increased from 4.36% at december 31, 2014 to 4.81% at december 31, 2015, primarily due to an increase in u.s. treasury yields and credit spreads on aa-rated corporate bonds in 2015.
•   return on assets ($1.550 billion pre-tax loss): in 2015, the actual 0.37% rate of return on plan assets fell short of our expected rate of return of 8.66%, primarily due to weak global equity markets.
•   demographic and assumption changes ($133 million pre-tax loss): this represents the difference between actual and estimated participant data and demographic factors, including items such as health care cost trends, compensation rate increases, and rates of termination, retirement and mortality.
•   reclassification of prior year unrecognized benefit cost ($59 million pre-tax loss): our mark-to-market accounting policy requires recognition of gains and losses in excess of a corridor equal to 10% of the plans' projected benefit obligations (or fair value of the plans' assets, if greater). the decrease in certain plans' projected benefit obligations resulted in a lower corridor, which required recognition of prior year unrecognized benefit costs for some of our plans.
2014 - $1.062 billion pre-tax mark-to-market loss:
•   discount rates ($954 million pre-tax loss): the weighted-average discount rate for our pension and postretirement medical plans declined from 5.24% at december 31, 2013 to 4.36% at december 31, 2014. this overall decline in discount rates was primarily driven by a 122 basis point decline in the 30 year treasury bond rate, but was partially offset by an increase in credit spreads on aa-rated 30 year bonds.
•   return on assets ($42 million pre-tax gain): in 2014, the actual rate of return on plan assets of 9.45% exceeded our expected rate of return of 8.66%, primarily due to gains in the world equity markets.
•   demographic and assumption changes ($150 million pre-tax loss): the implementation of new u.s. mortality tables in 2014 resulted in an increased participant life expectancy assumption, which increased the overall projected benefit obligation for our plans.
health and welfare plan charges in connection with the ratification of our national master agreement with the international brotherhood of teamsters ("teamsters") in 2014, we incurred pre-tax charges totaling $1.102 billion ($687 million after-tax) associated with changes in the delivery of healthcare benefits to certain active and retired union employees. these charges are discussed in further detail in the "collective bargaining agreements" section. these charges impacted our u.s. domestic package segment ($990 million), international package segment ($28 million) and supply chain & freight segment ($84 million).
tnt termination fee and related expenses on january 30, 2013, the european commission issued a formal decision prohibiting our proposed acquisition of tnt express n.v. ("tnt express"). as a result of the prohibition by the european commission, the condition of our offer requiring european union competition clearance was not fulfilled, and our proposed acquisition of tnt express could not be completed. given this outcome, ups and tnt express entered a separate agreement to terminate the merger protocol, and we withdrew our formal offer for tnt express. we paid a termination fee to tnt express of €200 million ($268 million) under this agreement, and also incurred transaction-related expenses of $16 million during 2013. the combination of these items resulted in a pre-tax charge of $284 million ($177 million after-tax), which impacted our international package segment.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations gain upon the liquidation of a foreign subsidiary subsequent to the termination of the merger protocol, we liquidated a foreign subsidiary that would have been used to acquire the outstanding shares of tnt express in connection with the proposed acquisition. upon the liquidation of this subsidiary in 2013, we realized a pre-tax foreign currency gain of $245 million ($213 million after-tax), which impacted our international package segment.
results of operations-segment review the results and discussions that follow are reflective of how our executive management monitors the performance of our reporting segments. we supplement the reporting of our financial information determined under generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap") with certain non-gaap financial measures, including operating profit, operating margin, pre-tax income, net income and earnings per share adjusted for the non-comparable items discussed previously. we believe that these adjusted measures provide meaningful information to assist investors and analysts in understanding our financial results and assessing our prospects for future performance. we believe these adjusted financial measures are important indicators of our recurring results of operations because they exclude items that may not be indicative of, or are unrelated to, our core operating results, and provide a better baseline for analyzing trends in our underlying businesses. additionally, these adjusted financial measures are used internally by management for the determination of incentive compensation awards, business unit operating performance analysis, and business unit resource allocation.
as discussed in our "critical accounting policies and estimates", we recognize changes in the fair value of plan assets and net actuarial gains and losses in excess of a 10% corridor for company-sponsored pension and post-retirement liabilities immediately as part of net periodic benefit cost. in our results of operations and the discussions that follow, we have presented adjusted operating expenses, adjusted operating profit and adjusted operating margin excluding the portion of net periodic benefit cost represented by the gains and losses recognized in excess of the 10% corridor. this adjusted net periodic benefit cost is comparable to the accounting for our defined benefit plans in our quarterly reporting under u.s. gaap, and reflects assumptions utilizing the expected return on plan assets and the discount rate used for determining net periodic benefit cost (the non-adjusted net periodic benefit cost reflects the actual return on plan assets and the discount rate used for measuring the projected benefit obligation). we believe this adjusted net periodic benefit cost provides important supplemental information that reflects the anticipated long-term cost of our defined benefit plans, and provides a benchmark for historical defined benefit cost trends that can be used to better compare year-to-year financial performance without considering the short-term impact of changes in market interest rates, equity prices, and similar factors.
certain operating expenses are allocated between our reporting segments based on activity-based costing methods. these activity-based costing methods require us to make estimates that impact the amount of each expense category that is attributed to each segment. changes in these estimates will directly impact the amount of expense allocated to each segment, and therefore the operating profit of each reporting segment. there were no significant changes in our expense allocation methodology during 2015, 2014 or 2013.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations u.s. domestic package operations year ended december 31,                                  % change
defined benefit plans mark-to-market charge                  (62    )             (660    )                -
operating profit (in millions) and operating margin:
operating profit                                          $4,767                $2,859                $4,603              66.7       %        (37.9      )%
adjusted operating profit                                 $4,829                $4,509                $4,603               7.1       %         (2.0      )%
revenue the change in overall revenue was impacted by the following factors for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, compared with the corresponding prior year periods:
volume          rates /product mix   fuelsurcharge            totalrevenuechange revenue change drivers:
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations volume
our total volume increased in 2015, largely due to faster growing premium air products and continued growth in e-commerce and overall retail sales. business-to-consumer shipments, which represent more than 45% of total u.s. domestic package volume, grew nearly 3% for the year and drove increases in both air and ground shipments. business-to-business volume grew 1% in 2015, largely due to increased volume from the retail industry including the use of our solutions for omni-channel (including ship-from-store and ship-to-store models) and returns shipping.
among our air products, we experienced increased volume for our deferred air services in 2015, particularly for those products most aligned with business-to-consumer shipping, such as our residential second day air package and three day select products. we also experienced solid growth in our business-to-business deferred air volume, largely due to increases in the retail sector. next day air volume increased 3.3% in 2015, due to strong growth in e-commerce.
the increase in ground volume in 2015 was driven by growth in residential ground and surepost volume and business-to-business shipping activity. the continued growth in e-commerce drove demand for our surepost service, with volume increasing 3% in 2015. the increase in business-to-business ground volume was largely due to growth in omni-channel retail volume, the increased use of our returns service offerings and the growth in shipments from the retail sector.
our total volume increased in 2014, largely due to continued solid growth in e-commerce and overall retail sales.  business-to-consumer shipments, which represent more than 45% of total u.s. domestic package volume, grew 12% for the year and drove increases in both air and ground shipments. ups surepost volume increased more than 45% in 2014, and accounted for approximately half of the overall volume growth for the segment. business-to-business volume grew 3% in 2014, largely due to increased volume from the retail industry, including the use of our solutions for omni-channel (including ship-from-store and ship-to-store models) and returns shipping; additionally, business-to-business volume was positively impacted by growth in shipments from the industrial, automotive and government sectors.
among our air products, volume increased in 2014 for both our next day air and deferred services. solid air volume growth continued for those products most aligned with business-to-consumer shipping, particularly our residential second day air package product. our business-to-business air volume increased slightly as well, largely due to growth in the retail and industrial sectors. this growth was slightly offset by a decline in air letter volume, which was negatively impacted by some competitive losses and slowing growth in the financial services industry. the growth in premium and deferred air volume continues to be impacted by economic conditions and changes in our customers' supply chain networks; the combination of these factors influences their sensitivity towards the price and speed of shipments, and therefore favoring the use of our deferred air services.
the increase in ground volume in 2014 was driven by our surepost service offering, which had a volume increase of more than 45% for the year; additionally, we experienced moderate volume growth in our traditional residential and commercial ground services. demand for surepost and our traditional residential products continues to be driven by business-to-consumer shipping activity from e-commerce retailers and other large customers. the growth in business-to-business ground volume was largely due to growth in omni-channel retail volume, the increased use of our returns service offerings, and the growth in shipments from the industrial sector.
overall revenue per piece increased 0.3% in 2015, and was impacted by changes in base rates, customer and product mix, and fuel surcharge rates.
revenue per piece for our ground and air products was positively impacted by an increase in base rates which took effect on december 29, 2014 and an increase in surcharge rates that took effect november 2, 2015. we implemented an average 4.9% net increase in base and accessorial rates on ups next day air, ups 2nd day air, ups 3 day select and ups ground. additionally, a pricing change involving the application of dimensional weight pricing to all ups ground services took effect on december 29, 2014. on november 2, 2015, the surcharge increased for over maximum packages and the indices for ground, air and international fuel surcharges were adjusted.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations revenue per piece decreased for our next day air and deferred air products in 2015, as lower fuel surcharge rates more than offset the positive impact of the base rate increase. product mix adversely impacted next day air and deferred revenue per piece, as we experienced relatively stronger growth in our lighter-weight business-to-consumer shipments, which have lower average yields than our heavier-weight commercial shipments. customer mix also adversely impacted next day air and deferred revenue per piece, due to faster volume growth among our larger customers, which typically have a lower average yield than our small and middle-market customers.
ground revenue per piece increased in 2015, primarily due to the base rate increase, the dimensional weight pricing change and product mix. additionally, the revenue per piece for our traditional ground residential products was positively impacted by our decision not to pursue certain lower-yielding customer contract renewals. these factors were partially offset by declines in fuel surcharge rates as well as changes in customer mix, as we experienced faster volume growth among our larger customers.
overall revenue per piece decreased 1.5% in 2014, and was impacted by changes in base rates, customer and product mix, and fuel surcharge rates.
revenue per piece for our ground and air products was positively impacted by an increase in base rates that took effect on december 30, 2013. we implemented an average 4.9% net increase in base and accessorial rates on ups next day air, ups 2nd day air, ups 3 day select and ups ground.
revenue per piece increased for our next day air products in 2014, largely due to the base rate increase, an increase in the average weight per package, and a shift in product mix from lower-yielding letters towards higher-yielding packages. revenue per piece declined for our deferred products in 2014, as customer and product mix changes more than offset the increase in base rates. product mix adversely impacted deferred revenue per piece, as we experienced relatively stronger growth in our lighter-weight business-to-consumer shipments, which have lower average yields than our heavier-weight commercial shipments. customer mix also adversely impacted deferred revenue per piece, due to faster volume growth among our larger customers, which typically have a lower average yield than our smaller and middle-market customers.
ground revenue per piece decreased in 2014, as customer and product mix changes more than offset the impact of the base rate increase. customer and product mix changes adversely impacted revenue per piece as a greater portion of our overall volume in 2014, relative to 2013, came from lighter-weight shipments (including more than 45% volume growth in surepost) and larger customers.
fuel surcharges ups applies a fuel surcharge on our domestic air and ground services. the air fuel surcharge is based on the u.s. department of energy's ("doe") gulf coast spot price for a gallon of kerosene-type jet fuel, while the ground fuel surcharge is based on the doe's on-highway diesel fuel price. based on published rates, the average fuel surcharge rates for domestic air and ground products were as follows:
year ended december 31,                       % point change
total domestic fuel surcharge revenue decreased by $843 million in 2015 as a result of lower fuel surcharge rates caused by declining jet and diesel fuel prices; however, the impact of lower fuel prices was partially mitigated by changes to the fuel surcharge indices, as well as the overall increase in package volume for the period. in 2014, total fuel surcharge revenue declined by $8 million as lower fuel surcharge rates (driven by lower fuel prices) more than offset the impact of increased air and ground volume.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations operating expenses
adjusted operating expenses for the segment increased $576 million in 2015, primarily due to pick-up and delivery costs (up $602 million), the costs of package sorting (up $172 million) and indirect operating costs (up $122 million). the cost increases were partially offset by a reduction in the cost of operating our domestic integrated air and ground transportation network (down $319 million). these costs were impacted by several factors:
•   we incurred higher employee compensation, largely resulting from an increase in average daily union labor hours (up 0.8%), union contractual wage rate increases and growth in the overall size of the workforce.
•   employee benefit costs increased, largely due to increased employee healthcare, pension expense and workers compensation expense.
•   we incurred lower expenses associated with purchased transportation, primarily due to the decreased use of, and lower fuel surcharge rates passed to us from rail carriers and outside contract carriers.
•   these cost increases were also mitigated by certain network efficiency and productivity improvements, which resulted in a 0.4% reduction in the total adjusted cost per piece in 2015 compared with 2014. productivity improvements have continued to be realized through adjusting our air and ground networks to better match volume levels and utilizing technology to increase package sorting and delivery efficiency. the continued deployment of orion has contained the average daily vehicle miles driven (down 0.4%) even as package volume increased (up 1.8%).
adjusted operating expenses for the segment increased $1.871 billion in 2014, primarily due to pick-up and delivery costs (up $821 million), the cost of operating our domestic integrated air and ground network (up $719 million) and the costs of package sorting (up $167 million). these costs were impacted by several factors:
•   we incurred higher employee compensation costs, largely resulting from an increase in average daily union labor hours (up 7.5%), union contractual wage rate increases, increased employee healthcare expenses and growth in the overall size of the workforce. the increase in labor hours was driven by volume growth, additional overtime and training hours during our fourth quarter holiday shipping season, and adverse weather conditions in early 2014.
•   we incurred higher expenses associated with outside contract carriers, due to volume growth, issues associated with the service performance of rail carriers, and the adverse weather conditions in early 2014.
•   these cost increases were partially offset by a reduction in worker's compensation expense, due to actuarial adjustments that were largely attributable to operational safety and claims management initiatives.
•   these cost increases were also mitigated by certain network efficiency and productivity improvements, which resulted in a 0.4% reduction in the total adjusted cost per piece in 2014 compared with 2013. we have continued to adjust our air and ground networks to better match higher volume levels, utilize technology to increase package sorting and delivery efficiency, and benefit from improved pick-up densities. these improvements allowed us to process increased volume (up 6.4%) at a faster rate than the increase in average daily aircraft block hours (up 2.4%) and vehicle miles driven (up 4.2%).
operating profit and margin
adjusted operating profit increased $320 million in 2015 compared with 2014, while the adjusted operating margin increased 50 basis points to 13.1%. overall volume growth allowed us to better leverage our transportation network, leading to improved productivity (resulting in a lower cost per piece) discussed previously. this was slightly offset by higher pension and healthcare costs, contractual union wage increases and the negative impact of fuel (fuel surcharge revenue decreased at a faster rate than fuel expense).
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
adjusted operating profit decreased $94 million in 2014 compared with 2013, and was impacted by several factors. we incurred approximately $200 million of additional operating costs during the fourth quarter holiday shipping season, largely due to decreased productivity, higher contract carrier rates, and additional union overtime and training hours. the unfavorable weather conditions in the u.s. in early 2014 reduced operating profit approximately $200 million in 2014, including the estimated loss in package volume, increased guaranteed service refunds to customers and higher operating expenses. additionally, changes in customer and product mix combined to pressure our revenue per piece. these factors were partially offset by solid volume growth and the overall productivity improvements (resulting in lower cost per piece) discussed previously. the combination of these factors led to a 90 basis point decline in our operating margin in 2014 compared with 2013.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations international package operations year ended december 31,                                    % change
defined benefit plan mark-to-market charge                    (44    )             (200    )                -
gain upon liquidation of foreign subsidiary                     -                     -                   245
operating profit (in millions) and operating margin:
operating profit                                           $2,137                $1,677                $1,757                 27.4     %            (4.6    )%
adjusted operating profit                                  $2,181                $1,905                $1,796                 14.5     %             6.1     %
currency translation benefit / (cost)-(in millions)*:
operating profit                                                                                                              $(22     )             $15
*   net of currency hedging; amount represents the change compared to the prior year.
revenue the change in overall revenue was impacted by the following factors for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, compared with the corresponding prior year periods:
volume          rates /product mix   fuelsurcharge        currency          totalrevenuechange revenue change drivers:
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations volume
our overall average daily volume increased in 2015, largely due to continued strength in business-to-consumer volume, as well as strong demand from several sectors including healthcare and diversified vehicles and parts.
we continued to experience solid export volume growth in 2015. the growth was mainly driven by our european and americas operations, which experienced solid increases in volume to most regions of the world. european export volume increased in 2015, with particular strength in the europe-to-u.s., intra-european and europe-to-americas trade lanes. americas export volume increased in 2015, with solid growth in the americas-to-europe and americas-to-u.s. trade lanes. however, asian export volume declined across all trade lanes due to the economic slowdown throughout the region, particularly china, while u.s. export volume declined largely due to the impact of the stronger u.s. dollar. export volume growth was led by our transborder products, such as transborder standard and transborder express.
domestic volume in 2015 decreased slightly from 2014 driven by selective revenue management initiatives focused on disciplined growth. additionally, the results were impacted by slowing overall economic conditions in germany and canada.
we continued to experience strong export volume growth in 2014, with increases from all regions in the world. european export volume increased 12% for the year, with particular strength in the intra-european trade lanes and the europe-to-u.s. trade lane. asian export volume increased at a moderate pace (with strength in the asia-to-u.s. and asia-to-europe trade lanes), and benefited from technology sector product launches. export volume continued to shift towards our standard products, such as transborder standard and worldwide expedited, as compared with our premium express products, such as worldwide express. our international customers continue to be impacted by economic pressures and changes in their supply chain networks, and the combination of these factors influences their sensitivity towards the price and speed of shipments.
the strong increase in domestic volume in 2014 was driven by solid volume growth in canada, italy, spain, france and the united kingdom.
total average revenue per piece decreased 1.4% in 2015 on a currency-adjusted basis. the decline in fuel surcharge revenues (discussed in detail under fuel surcharges) more than offset the increases in base rates and revenue management activities.
on december 29, 2014, we implemented an average 4.9% net increase in base and accessorial rates for international shipments originating in the united states (worldwide express, worldwide saver, ups worldwide expedited and ups international standard service). on november 2, 2015, the surcharge increased for over maximum packages and the tables for ground, air and international fuel surcharges were adjusted. rate changes for shipments originating outside the u.s. are made throughout the year and vary by geographic market.
currency-adjusted export revenue per piece decreased 3.7% in 2015, due to lower fuel surcharge revenues, which more than offset the increase in base rates and disciplined yield and growth initiatives in europe.
currency-adjusted domestic revenue per piece increased 1.8% in 2015, largely due to base rate increases and disciplined yield and growth initiatives in europe and canada, offset by declining fuel surcharge rates.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
total average revenue per piece decreased 1.5% in 2014 on a currency-adjusted basis, and was impacted by changes in base rates as well as product mix.
on december 30, 2013, we implemented an average 4.9% net increase in base and accessorial rates for international shipments originating in the united states (worldwide express, worldwide saver, ups worldwide expedited and ups international standard service). rate changes for shipments originating outside the u.s. are made throughout the year and vary by geographic market.
currency-adjusted export revenue per piece decreased 3.1% in 2014, as the shift in product mix from our premium express products to our standard products more than offset the increase in base rates (volume for our standard products increased 12%, while volume for our premium express products increased 4%). additionally, currency-adjusted export revenue per piece was adversely impacted by shorter average trade lanes (due to faster growth in intra-regional shipments) and changes in customer mix (as export volume growth for larger customers exceeded the volume growth for higher-yielding middle market customers).
currency-adjusted domestic revenue per piece increased 0.3% in 2014, and was impacted by base rate increases, as well as changes in product mix and fuel surcharge rates.
fuel surcharges we maintain fuel surcharges on our international air and ground services. the fuel surcharges for international air products originating inside or outside the united states are indexed to the doe's gulf coast spot price for a gallon of kerosene-type jet fuel, while the fuel surcharges for ground products originating outside the united states are indexed to fuel prices in the international region or country where the shipment takes place.
total international fuel surcharge revenue decreased by $516 million in 2015, primarily due to lower fuel prices; however, this was partially offset by an increase in overall volume and pricing changes made to the fuel surcharge indices. total international fuel surcharge revenue increased by $2 million in 2014, as the combined impact of international air volume growth and modifications to the fuel surcharge indices were largely offset by declining fuel prices.
overall adjusted operating expenses for the segment decreased $1.115 billion in 2015. this decrease was mostly due to currency exchange rate movements and lower fuel expense.
the decrease in operating expenses was impacted by the cost of operating our international integrated air and ground network, which decreased $617 million, as well as pick-up and delivery costs, which decreased $332 million. the decreases in network and pick-up and delivery costs were largely due to the impact of currency exchange rate movements, lower fuel expense, and a reduction in expense for outside transportation carriers (due to lower fuel surcharges passed to us from the carriers). additionally, network costs were mitigated by restraining the growth in aircraft block hours (down 1.1% in 2015), as a result of ongoing modifications to our air network; this was achieved with a 3.2% increase in international export volume and continuing air product service enhancements.
the remaining decrease in operating expenses in 2015 was largely due to reductions of indirect operating costs and the cost of package sorting. indirect operating costs decreased $130 million and the cost of package sorting decreased by $36 million. both of these decreases were mainly attributable to the impact of currency.
excluding the impact of currency exchange rate changes, the total adjusted cost per piece for the segment decreased 4.0% in 2015.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
overall adjusted operating expenses for the segment increased $450 million in 2014. this increase was driven by the cost of pick-up and delivery, which increased $201 million, as well as the cost of operating our international integrated air and ground network, which increased $150 million. the increases in pick-up and delivery and network costs were largely driven by higher package volume and higher expense for outside transportation carriers (which was impacted by network capacity constraints in europe). however, network cost increases were mitigated by reductions in average daily aircraft block hours (1.1% decrease in 2014), as a result of ongoing modifications to our air network; this was achieved even with a 7.8% increase in international export volume and several air product service enhancements.
the remaining increase in adjusted operating expenses in 2014 was largely due to the costs of package sorting, which increased $52 million, and was impacted by volume growth. additionally, indirect operating costs increased $47 million in 2014, and were affected by various factors, including restructuring charges, foreign currency remeasurement losses, legal contingency accruals, bad debt expense, and several other factors.
excluding the impact of currency exchange rate changes, the total adjusted cost per piece for the segment decreased 1.6% in 2014.
operating profit and margin
adjusted operating profit increased by $276 million in 2015, while the adjusted operating margin increased 330 basis points. operating profit and margin were positively affected by several factors including base rate increases, modifications to the fuel surcharge indices and the net impact of fuel (fuel expense declined at a faster rate than fuel surcharge revenue). these items were partially offset by the net impact of currency exchange rate movements (including our currency hedging gains), which reduced operating profit by $22 million when comparing 2015 with 2014.
adjusted operating profit increased by $109 million in 2014, while the adjusted operating margin increased 20 basis points. these increases were largely due to moderate revenue growth combined with the mitigation of expense increases through improved productivity.
in addition to the aforementioned factors, the net impact of fuel (fuel surcharge revenue grew faster than fuel expense) and the net impact of currency (remeasurement and translation gains) resulted in a favorable impact on operating profit of $127 million when comparing 2014 with 2013. fuel surcharge revenue was favorably impacted during 2014 by rate increases to the fuel surcharge index. operating profit in 2014 was negatively impacted by $21 million due to a restructuring charge and related costs in europe.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations supply chain & freight operations year ended december 31,                                    % change
forwarding and logistics                                   $5,900                $5,758                $5,492                  2.5     %             4.8     %
defined benefit plans mark-to-market charge                   (12    )             (202    )                -
operating profit (in millions) and operating margins:
operating profit                                             $764                  $432                  $674                 76.9     %           (35.9    )%
adjusted operating profit                                    $776                  $718                  $674                  8.1     %             6.5     %
currency translation benefit / (cost)-(in millions)*:
operating profit                                                                                                               $30                  $(11     )
*   amount represents the change compared to the prior year.
forwarding and logistics revenue increased $142 million in 2015 compared with 2014. excluding the effect of coyote, revenue decreased $532 million in 2015 compared with 2014. forwarding revenue decreased largely due to the adverse impact of currency exchange rate movements, lower fuel surcharge rates (due to declining fuel prices) and volume and tonnage declines in our north american air freight and international air freight businesses (impacted by management focus on reducing lower-yielding accounts). revenue for our logistics products increased in 2015, as we experienced solid growth in our healthcare and aerospace solutions.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations freight revenue decreased $167 million in 2015, driven by lower tonnage of 7.1% and a $157 million decrease in fuel surcharge revenue due to lower diesel fuel prices. the decline in average daily shipments and the reduction in weight per shipment was impacted by revenue management initiatives, customer mix, and an overall decline in market demand. ltl revenue per hundredweight increased slightly, as ltl base rate increases averaging 4.9% took effect on december 29, 2014, covering non-contractual shipments in the united states, canada and mexico.
revenue for the other businesses within supply chain & freight increased $99 million in 2015, due to revenue growth from our service contracts with the u.s postal service and at the ups store, ups capital and ups customer solutions.
forwarding and logistics revenue increased $266 million in 2014 compared with 2013. forwarding revenue increased for the year, primarily due to volume and tonnage growth in our international air freight, north american air freight and ocean freight businesses, which were impacted by improving overall market demand. this was partially offset, however, by lower rates charged to our customers in our international air forwarding business, which was largely due to industry overcapacity in key trade lanes, particularly the asia-outbound market. revenue for our logistics products increased in 2014, as we experienced solid growth in our mail services, healthcare and retail distribution solutions.
freight revenue increased $166 million in 2014, driven by solid increases in average daily ltl shipments and ltl revenue per hundredweight. the increase in average daily ltl shipments in 2014 was impacted by overall u.s. economic growth and improving ltl market conditions. the increase in ltl revenue per hundredweight was largely due to our focus on yield management, as well as general rate increases averaging 4.4% and 5.9% that took effect in march 2014 and june 2013, respectively, covering non-contractual shipments in the united states, canada and mexico. ltl fuel surcharge revenue increased by $13 million in 2014 compared with 2013, due to changes in diesel fuel prices and overall ltl shipment volume.
revenue for the other businesses within supply chain & freight increased $26 million in 2014, due to revenue growth at the ups store, ups capital and ups customer solutions; however, this was partially offset by a decline in revenue from our contract to provide domestic air transportation services for the u.s. postal service.
forwarding and logistics adjusted operating expenses increased $91 million in 2015 compared with 2014. this increase was largely due to the acquisition of coyote during the third quarter of 2015, partially offset by the impact of currency exchange rate movements and lower fuel expense. purchased transportation expense increased by $37 million in 2015 due to the acquisition of coyote offset by lower tonnage, fuel expense, and the impact of foreign currency exchange rates. the remaining operating expense increase was related to several other expense categories, including payroll and benefits expense.
freight adjusted operating expenses decreased $151 million in 2015, while the total adjusted cost per ltl shipment decreased 1.9%. the decrease in adjusted operating expense was largely due to the cost associated with operating our linehaul network (which decreased $142 million) and decreases in pick-up and delivery expenses. the decreases in network costs and pick-up and delivery expenses were driven by a reduction in fuel expense and expense for outside transportation carriers (largely due to lower ltl volume and fuel surcharges passed to us from the carriers). these benefits were partially offset by an increase in other operating expenses of $3 million for 2015 largely due to higher pension costs (impacted by lower discount rates for ups-sponsored plans).
operating expenses for the other businesses within supply chain & freight increased $76 million in 2015 compared with 2014 primarily due to ups capital and our service contracts with the u.s. postal service.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
forwarding and logistics adjusted operating expenses increased $266 million in 2014, largely due to higher purchased transportation and employee compensation expenses. purchased transportation expense increased by $229 million for the year, primarily due to higher volume and tonnage in our international air freight forwarding business and higher rates charged to us by third-party transportation carriers. compensation and benefits expense increased $47 million in 2014, due to merit salary and wage increases for management and hourly employees, along with an increase in the overall size of the workforce.
freight adjusted operating expenses increased $140 million in 2014, while the total adjusted cost per ltl shipment increased 2.0%. the increase in adjusted operating expenses was largely due to pick-up and delivery expenses (which increased $96 million) and the costs associated with operating our linehaul network (which increased $65 million). the increases in pick-up and delivery and network costs were primarily due to contractual wage increases, higher ltl volume and increased costs associated with outside contract and rail carriers. partially offsetting these cost increases were reductions in indirect operating expenses, including lower auto liability and worker's compensation costs, which were impacted by operational safety and claims management initiatives, as well as lower pension expense.
operating expenses for the other businesses within supply chain & freight increased $8 million in 2014 compared with 2013.
operating profit and margin
adjusted operating profit for the forwarding and logistics unit increased by $51 million in 2015 compared with 2014, primarily due to improved results in our international air business, partially offset by the impact of coyote acquisition costs. the net impact of fuel costs and revenue management initiatives had a positive impact on operating profit. operating results for the international air forwarding business improved, as the rates at which we procure capacity from third party air carriers decreased faster than the rates we charge our customers. profitability in our ocean freight unit grew largely as a result of transportation expense decreasing at a faster rate than the rates we charge our customers. however, operating profit for the logistics unit declined, as investments in technology and infrastructure continued to pressure distribution margins during 2015.
adjusted operating profit for our freight unit decreased $16 million in 2015 compared with 2014, as declines in tonnage and increased pension costs more than offset the increased ltl revenue per hundredweight realized during the year.
the combined operating profit for all of our other businesses in this segment increased $23 million in 2015, primarily due to higher operating profit at ups capital and our service contracts with the u.s. postal service.
adjusted operating profit for the forwarding and logistics unit remained comparable between 2014 and 2013, and was impacted by several factors. operating profit in the international air forwarding business declined in 2014, as continued excess market capacity in key trade lanes reduced the margin between the rates we charge our customers and the rates at which we procure capacity from third party air carriers. we increased profitability in our north american air freight, ocean freight, distribution and mail services units in 2014, as a result of improving market demand and cost controls.
adjusted operating profit for our freight unit increased $26 million in 2014 compared with 2013, as shipment growth, increased yields and higher productivity more than offset contractual union wage increases.
the combined operating profit for all of our other businesses in this segment increased $18 million in 2014, primarily due to higher operating profit at ups capital and ups customer solutions.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations operating expenses year ended december 31,                                    % change
compensation and benefits:                      $31,028               $32,045               $28,557                 (3.2    )%            12.2     %
defined benefit plans mark-to-market charge        (118    )           (1,062    )                -
adjusted compensation and benefits               30,910                29,881                28,557                  3.4     %             4.6     %
gain upon liquidation of foreign subsidiary           -                     -                   245
currency translation cost / (benefit)*                                                                           $(1,137     )           $(141     )
*   amount represents the change compared to the prior year.
compensation and benefits
employee payroll costs increased $351 million in 2015, compared with 2014, largely due to contractual union wage rate increases, a 1.2% increase in union labor hours, higher incentive compensation and a merit salary increase for management employees, partially offset by productivity improvements and the impact of currency exchange rates. the increase in average daily union labor hours was impacted by volume growth. additionally, adverse weather conditions in the early part of 2014 contributed to a decrease in labor hours in the comparison between 2015 and 2014.
adjusted benefits expense increased $679 million in 2015, primarily due to increased pension costs, health and welfare costs, workers compensation expenses, vacation, holiday and excused absence expenses and payroll taxes. these factors are discussed further as follows:
•   adjusted pension costs increased $333 million in 2015, due to increased expenses in both company-sponsored pension plans (largely due to lower discount rates used to determine ongoing pension cost for 2015) and multiemployer pension plans (due to both increased contribution rates and higher union labor hours).
•   health and welfare costs increased $275 million in 2015, largely due to contractual contribution rate increases and higher union labor hours.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
•   workers compensation expense increased $36 million in 2015. insurance reserves are established for estimates of the loss that we will ultimately incur on reported worker's compensation claims, as well as estimates of claims that have been incurred but not reported, and take into account a number of factors including our history of claim losses, payroll growth and the impact of safety improvement initiatives. in 2015, we experienced less favorable actuarial expense adjustments than the prior year as well as increased program costs and taxes.
•   vacation, holiday and excused absence expense increased $32 million in 2015, due to an increase in the overall number of employees and increased vacation entitlements earned based on employees' years of service; however, these factors were partially offset by the impact of currency exchange rates.
employee payroll costs increased $1.054 billion in 2014, compared with 2013, largely due to contractual union wage rate increases, a 7.5% increase in average daily union labor hours, and a merit salary increase for management employees. the increase in average daily union labor hours was impacted by volume growth, as well as additional training hours for the seasonal fourth quarter staffing increase. additionally, adverse weather conditions in the early part of 2014 contributed to an increase in labor hours in the year over year comparison.
adjusted benefits expense increased $270 million in 2014, primarily due to increased health and welfare costs, payroll taxes, and vacation, holiday and excused absence expenses. however, these factors were partially offset by a reduction in pension costs and workers compensation expense. these factors are discussed further as follows:
•   adjusted health and welfare costs increased $221 million in 2014, largely due to higher medical claims in company-sponsored plans, increased contributions to multiemployer plans and the impact of several provisions of the patient protection and affordable care act of 2010. the growth in multiemployer plan contributions was impacted by contractual contribution rate increases and higher union labor hours.
•   payroll taxes increased $73 million in 2014, primarily as a result of higher union labor hours, union wage rate increases and higher management incentive compensation payments.
•   vacation, holiday and excused absence expense increased $41 million in 2014, due to an increase in the overall number of employees and increased vacation entitlements earned based on employees' years of service.
•   adjusted pension costs declined $23 million in 2014, as a decrease in the expense for company-sponsored pension plans (largely due to higher discount rates used to determine pension cost for 2014) was largely offset by higher contributions to multiemployer pension plans (due to both increased contribution rates and higher union labor hours).
•   workers compensation expense decreased $69 million in 2014, impacting all segments. insurance reserves are established for estimates of the loss that we will ultimately incur on reported worker's compensation claims, as well as estimates of claims that have been incurred but not reported, and take into account a number of factors including our history of claim losses, payroll growth and the impact of safety improvement initiatives. in 2014, we experienced favorable actuarial expense adjustments as the frequency and severity of claims was less than previously projected, due to the impact of ongoing operational safety improvement and claim management initiatives.
the $29 million increase in repairs and maintenance expense in 2015 was primarily due to an increase in airframe and aircraft engine repair and component replacement costs, largely in our boeing 747 and 767 aircraft fleets. the remaining increase was largely due to increased vehicle maintenance costs in our global package and freight operations, primarily due to the growth in the size of our vehicle fleet.
the $131 million increase in repairs and maintenance expense in 2014 was primarily due to a $93 million increase in airframe and aircraft engine repair and component replacement costs, largely in our boeing 747 and 767 aircraft fleets. the remaining increase was largely due to increased vehicle maintenance costs in our global package and freight operations, primarily due to the growth in the size of our vehicle fleet.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations depreciation and amortization
depreciation and amortization expense increased $161 million in 2015 compared with 2014, primarily due to three factors: (1) amortization expense increased largely due to new internally developed capitalized software, as well as intangible assets resulting from business acquisitions; (2) depreciation expense for buildings and facilities increased due to new leasehold improvements and purchases of new equipment and (3) depreciation expense on vehicles increased due to the replacement of older, fully-depreciated vehicles, technology upgrades on new vehicles and an overall increase in the size of our vehicle fleet in our u.s. domestic package and ups freight operations.
the $56 million increase in depreciation and amortization expense in 2014, compared with 2013, was primarily due to a $45 million increase in the depreciation expense on vehicles, due to the replacement of older, fully-depreciated vehicles, technology upgrades on vehicles and an overall increase in the size of our vehicle fleet in our u.s. domestic package and ups freight operations. additionally, amortization expense increased $20 million, primarily related to intangible assets resulting from business acquisitions. these factors were partially offset by a decrease in building and facility depreciation, as several operating facilities became fully-depreciated.
the $417 million decrease in purchased transportation expense charged to us by third-party air, ocean and truck carriers in 2015 was driven by several factors:
•   u.s. domestic package expense decreased $322 million in 2015, primarily due to the decreased use of, and lower fuel surcharge rates passed to us from rail carriers and outside contract carriers. additionally, adverse weather conditions in the early months of 2014 resulted in the additional use of outside contract carriers, which impacted the comparison with 2015.
•   international package expense decreased $64 million in 2015, primarily due to to the impact of currency exchange rate movements and lower fuel surcharges passed from outside transportation providers. these factors were partially offset by international volume growth.
•   ups freight expense decreased $68 million in 2015, largely due to decreased ltl shipments and fuel efficiency, and the resulting decreased use of, and lower fuel surcharges passed to us from, outside transportation carriers.
•   the expense for forwarding and logistics and other businesses increased $37 million in 2015 primarily due to the acquisition of coyote; however, this was offset by the impact of decreased volume and tonnage in our international and north american air freight businesses, the impact of currency exchange movements and lower fuel surcharges passed to us from outside transportation providers.
the $974 million increase in purchased transportation expense charged to us by third-party air, ocean and truck carriers in 2014 was driven by several factors:
•   our u.s. domestic package segment incurred a $474 million increase in expense in 2014, primarily due to (1) higher fees paid to the u.s. postal service associated with the volume growth in our surepost product; (2) the increased use of, and higher rates passed to us from, rail carriers; and (3) the increased use of outside contract carriers, which was impacted by volume growth and rail carrier service issues; additionally, adverse weather conditions in the early months of 2014 resulted in the additional use of outside contract carriers. approximately $177 million of the increase, or 37% of the total increase for the year, was attributable to the fourth quarter as a result of high seasonal volume.
•   our international package segment incurred a $203 million increase in expense in 2014, primarily due to higher costs incurred for the use of outside transportation providers, which was impacted by strong international volume growth.
•   our ups freight business incurred a $68 million increase in expense in 2014, largely due to increased ltl and brokerage volume, and the resulting increased use of, and higher rates passed to us from, outside transportation carriers.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
•   the purchased transportation expense for our forwarding and logistics business increased $229 million in 2014, largely due to increased volume and tonnage in our international air freight, north american air freight, and ocean forwarding businesses.
the $1.401 billion decrease in fuel expense in 2015 was primarily due to lower fuel prices, which decreased fuel expense by $1.383 billion. increases in fuel efficiency, fuel hedging activities, alternative fuel credits and fewer miles driven by freight and international package decreased expense by $99 million. these decreases were partially offset by an increase of $82 million related to increases in aircraft block hours and domestic package delivery stops and miles driven due to higher volume.
the $144 million decrease in fuel expense in 2014 was primarily due to lower fuel prices (net of hedging activity), which decreased fuel expense by $180 million in 2014. this was partially offset by higher fuel usage (due to an increase in aircraft block hours and vehicle miles driven), which increased expense by $36 million.
the $22 million decrease in other occupancy expense in 2015 was largely due to a decrease in facility rent expense and utility costs, but partially offset by an increase in facility maintenance expense.
the increase in other occupancy expense in 2014 was largely due to an increase in facility rent expense ($25 million), property taxes ($10 million) and natural gas and electric utility costs ($32 million). the increase in rent, property taxes and utilities expense was impacted by new leases on facilities to support the growth of our u.s. domestic package operations. additionally, adverse weather conditions in the u.s. in the early months of 2014 resulted in $15 million of increased snow removal costs at our operating facilities.
the $98 million increase in other expenses in 2015 was caused by a number of factors. automotive liability insurance expense increased $36 million largely due to established estimates of the loss that will ultimately be incurred on reported claims, as well as estimates of claims that have been incurred but not reported, and take into account a number of factors including our history of claim losses. outside professional service fees increased $16 million primarily due to transaction costs associated with coyote. advertising expense increased $15 million mostly driven by the "united problem solver" campaign. we also incurred increases in several other expense categories, including software license fees, computer supplies and employee expense reimbursement. these increases were partially offset by lower bad debt expense and other items.
the $300 million increase in adjusted other expenses in 2014 was impacted by a number of factors. transportation equipment rental expense increased $90 million for the year, and was affected by the growth in package volume (particularly the seasonal volume increase in the fourth quarter). we also incurred increases in several other expense categories, including transportation security costs, employee expense reimbursements and recruitment costs (related to training and staffing for the seasonal volume increase in the fourth quarter) and legal contingency expenses. these increases were partially offset by business interruption insurance claim reimbursements from previous weather-related events, as well as lower advertising costs.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations investment income and interest expense the following table sets forth investment income and interest expense for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 (in millions):
year ended december 31,                                                          % change
investment income   $15                 $22                 $20            (31.8   )%      10.0         %
investment income
the decrease in investment income was primarily due to lower realized gains on the sale of investments in 2015 compared with 2014, and a decline in interest income. this was partially offset by a decrease in losses from fair value adjustments on real estate partnerships.
the increase in investment income in 2014 compared with 2013 was primarily due to a decrease in losses from fair value adjustments on real estate partnerships. this was partially offset by a decline in interest income, largely due to having a lower average balance of invested assets in 2014.
interest expense decreased in 2015 compared with 2014 largely due to a decrease in effective interest rates related to the termination of our british pound sterling cross-currency interest rate swaps, the prior year repayment of senior notes at maturity and the impact of foreign currency. this was partially offset by an increase in average outstanding commercial paper and long-term debt.
interest expense decreased in 2014 compared with 2013, largely due to having a lower average balance of debt outstanding. in addition, interest expense declined due to a decrease in the interest rate indices underlying our variable-rate debt and swaps in 2014 compared with 2013.
income tax expense the following table sets forth income tax expense and our effective tax rate for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 (in millions):
year ended december 31,                                 % change
defined benefit plans mark-to-market charge          39                   392                     -
gain upon liquidation of foreign subsidiary           -                     -                   (32    )
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations our effective tax rate is affected by recurring factors, such as statutory tax rates in the jurisdictions we operate in and the relative amounts of taxable income we earn in those jurisdictions. it is also affected by discrete items that may occur in any given year but are not consistent from year to year. see note 13 to the audited consolidated financial statements for a more complete description of the significant recurring and discrete items affecting our effective tax rate. as described in the items affecting comparability section, certain items have been excluded from comparisons of "adjusted" income taxes in the discussion that follows.
our adjusted effective tax rate decreased to 34.0% in 2015 from 35.5% in 2014 primarily due to favorable discrete tax adjustments related to: (1) prior years' deferred tax balances; (2) execution of advance pricing agreements with certain foreign tax jurisdictions; (3) resolution of several u.s. state and local tax matters; and (4) the extension of several previously expired u.s. tax provisions in 2015. these benefits were partially offset by the additional u.s. tax expense associated with a cash distribution from a canadian subsidiary to its u.s. parent.
our adjusted effective tax rate increased slightly to 35.5% in 2014 from 35.4% in 2013 due to a decrease in u.s. federal and state tax credits relative to total pre-tax income, which was largely offset by favorable changes in the proportion of our taxable income in certain u.s. and non-u.s. jurisdictions relative to total pre-tax income.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations liquidity and capital resources operating activities the following is a summary of the significant sources (uses) of cash from operating activities (amounts in millions):
non-cash operating activities(a)                                              4,122               5,901               3,318
pension and postretirement plan contributions (ups-sponsored plans)          (1,229   )          (1,258   )            (212   )
settlement of postretirement benefit obligation                                   -              (2,271   )               -
changes in working capital and other non-current assets and liabilities        (418   )              91                  54
other operating activities                                                      (53   )              34                (140   )
net cash from operating activities                                           $7,430              $5,726              $7,304
(a)   represents depreciation and amortization, gains and losses on derivative transactions and foreign exchange, deferred income taxes, provisions for uncollectible accounts, pension and postretirement benefit expense, stock compensation expense, and other non-cash items.
cash from operating activities remained strong throughout the 2013 to 2015 time period. operating cash flow was adversely impacted by $1.527 billion in 2014 and $33 million in 2015 due to certain transactions resulting from the ratification of our collective bargaining agreement with the teamsters. these transactions are discussed further in the "collective bargaining agreements" section:
•   we paid $2.271 billion in 2014 to settle postretirement benefit obligations for certain union employees.
•   we paid $176 million in 2014 for retroactive economic benefits under the collective bargaining agreement that were related to the period between august through december of 2013.
•   during 2014, we received cash tax benefits of $920 million from the items described above (through reduced u.s. federal and state quarterly income tax payments).
•   we paid $53 million in 2015 for additional retroactive economic benefits under the collective bargaining agreement and we received $20 million of cash tax benefits (through reduced u.s. federal and state quarterly income tax payments) from the payment.
most of the remaining variability in operating cash flows during the 2013 to 2015 time period relates to the funding of our company-sponsored pension and postretirement benefit plans (and related cash tax deductions). except for discretionary or accelerated fundings of our plans, contributions to our company-sponsored pension plans have largely varied based on whether any minimum funding requirements are present for individual pension plans.
•   in 2015, we made discretionary contributions to our three primary company-sponsored u.s. pension plans totaling $1.030 billion.
•   in 2014, we made discretionary contributions to our three primary company-sponsored u.s. pension plans totaling $1.042 billion.
•   in 2013, we did not have any required, nor make any discretionary, contributions to our primary company-sponsored pension plans in the u.s.
•   the remaining contributions in the 2013 through 2015 period were largely due to contributions to our international pension plans and u.s. postretirement medical benefit plans.
as discussed further in the "contractual commitments" section, we have minimum funding requirements in the next several years, primarily related to the ups ibt pension, ups retirement and ups pension plans.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations apart from the transactions described above, operating cash flow was impacted by changes in our working capital position, payments for income taxes, and changes in hedge margin payables and receivables. cash payments for income taxes were $1.913, $1.524 and $2.712 billion for 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively, and were primarily impacted by the timing of current tax deductions. the net hedge margin collateral received from derivative counterparties was $170, $421and $67 million during 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively, due to the increased net fair value asset position of the derivative contracts used in our currency and interest rate hedging programs.
as of december 31, 2015, the total of our worldwide holdings of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities were $4.726 billion, of which $2.516 billion was held by foreign subsidiaries. the amount of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities held by our u.s. and foreign subsidiaries fluctuates throughout the year due to a variety of factors, including the timing of cash receipts and disbursements in the normal course of business. cash provided by operating activities in the united states continues to be our primary source of funds to finance domestic operating needs, capital expenditures, share repurchases and dividend payments to shareowners. to the extent that such amounts represent previously untaxed earnings, the cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities held by foreign subsidiaries would be subject to tax if such amounts were repatriated in the form of dividends; however, not all international balances would have to be repatriated in the form of a dividend if returned to the u.s. when amounts earned by foreign subsidiaries are expected to be indefinitely reinvested, no accrual for taxes is provided.
investing activities our primary sources (uses) of cash for investing activities were as follows (amounts in millions):
net cash used in investing activities                               $(5,309   )         $(2,801   )         $(2,114   )
capital expenditures:
buildings and facilities                                              $(996   )           $(808   )           $(483   )
information technology                                                 (420   )            (415   )            (442   )
capital expenditures as a % of revenue                                  4.1   %             4.0   %             3.7   %
other investing activities:
net (purchases) sales of marketable securities                      $(1,027   )           $(419   )              $9
cash received (paid) for business acquisitions and dispositions     $(1,904   )            $(88   )            $(22   )
other investing activities                                             $(30   )            $(63   )           $(179   )
we have commitments for the purchase of vehicles, equipment and real estate to provide for the replacement of existing capacity and anticipated future growth. we generally fund our capital expenditures with our cash from operations. future capital spending for anticipated growth and replacement assets will depend on a variety of factors, including economic and industry conditions. we anticipate that our capital expenditures for 2016 will be approximately $2.8 billion.
capital spending on aircraft declined over the 2013 to 2015 period, as we completed the scheduled deliveries of a previous order for the boeing 767-300erf aircraft in 2013. capital spending on vehicles increased during the 2013 to 2015 period in our u.s. and international package businesses and our freight unit, due to vehicle replacements, technology enhancements and new vehicle orders to support volume growth. capital expenditures on buildings and facilities also increased in the 2013 to 2015 period, and included hub automation and capacity expansion projects in the u.s. during 2015, as well as expansion and new construction projects at facilities in europe and asia (including a $200 million expansion at our european air hub in cologne, germany that was completed in 2014).
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the proceeds from the disposal of property, plant and equipment were largely due to real estate sales during the 2013 through 2015 period, as well as the proceeds from insurance recoveries in 2013. the net decline in finance receivables in the 2013 through 2015 period was primarily due to customer paydowns and loan sales activity, primarily in our commercial lending, asset-based lending and leasing portfolios. the purchases and sales of marketable securities are largely determined by liquidity needs and the periodic rebalancing of investment types, and will therefore fluctuate from period to period.
the cash paid for business acquisitions in the 2013 to 2015 period was largely due to the acquisitions of cemelog ltd. in hungary (2013), i-parcel llc in the u.s. (2014), polar speed distribution limited in the u.k. (2014), poltraft sp. z.o.o in poland (2015) parcel pro, inc in the u.s. (2015) and coyote logistics midco, inc (2015), as well as other smaller acquisitions.
other investing activities are impacted by changes in our restricted cash balances, capital contributions into certain investment partnerships, and various other items. in 2015, 2014 and 2013, we increased the restricted cash balance associated with our self-insurance requirements by $0, $17 and $137 million, respectively.
financing activities our primary sources (uses) of cash for financing activities were as follows (amounts in millions, except per share data):
net cash used in financing activities             $(1,565    )         $(5,161    )         $(7,807    )
cash expended for shares repurchased              $(2,702    )         $(2,695    )         $(3,838    )
cash expended for dividend payments               $(2,525    )         $(2,366    )         $(2,260    )
other financing activities:
cash received for common stock issuances             $249                 $274                 $491
other financing activities                          $(175    )           $(205    )           $(425    )
capitalization:
total shareowners' equity at year-end               2,491                2,158                6,488
total capitalization                              $16,825              $12,937              $17,360
debt to total capitalization %                       85.2    %            83.3    %            62.6    %
on february 14, 2013, the board of directors approved a share repurchase authorization of $10.0 billion, which replaced an authorization previously announced in 2012. the share repurchase authorization has no expiration date. as of december 31, 2015, we had $1.441 billion of this share repurchase authorization remaining. share repurchases may take the form of accelerated share repurchases, open market purchases, or other such methods as we deem appropriate. the timing of our share repurchases will depend upon market conditions. unless terminated earlier by the resolution of our board, the program will expire when we have purchased all shares authorized for repurchase under the program. we anticipate repurchasing approximately $2.7 billion of shares in 2016.
the declaration of dividends is subject to the discretion of the board of directors and will depend on various factors, including our net income, financial condition, cash requirements, future prospects, and other relevant factors. we expect to continue the practice of paying regular cash dividends. in february 2016, we increased our quarterly dividend payment from $0.73 to $0.78 per share, a 7% increase.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations issuances of debt in 2015 consisted of floating rate senior notes totaling $144 million, euro denominated floating rate senior notes totaling €500 million ($547 million), euro denominated fixed rate senior notes totaling €700 million ($765 million), and facility bonds associated with our philadelphia, pennsylvania airport facilities totaling $100 million. the remainder consisted primarily of commercial paper. issuances of debt in 2014 and 2013 consisted primarily of commercial paper.
repayments of debt in 2015 consisted primarily of the maturity of our $100 million facility bonds associated with our philadelphia, pennsylvania airport facilities. repayments of debt in 2014 and 2013 consisted primarily of the maturity of our $1.0 and $1.75 billion senior fixed rate notes that matured in april 2014 and january 2013, respectively. the remaining repayments of debt during the 2013 through 2015 time period included paydowns of commercial paper and scheduled principal payments on our capitalized lease obligations. we consider the overall fixed and floating interest rate mix of our portfolio and the related overall cost of borrowing when planning for future issuances and non-scheduled repayments of debt.
we had $2.965 billion of commercial paper outstanding at december 31, 2015, which includes euro denominated commercial paper totaling €310 million ($339 million) and pound sterling denominated commercial paper totaling £234 million ($347 million). we had $772 million of commercial paper outstanding at december 31, 2014, and no commercial paper outstanding at december 31, 2013. during 2015, the average balance of our u.s dollar denominated commercial paper was $2.159 billion and the average interest rate paid was 0.13%. the average balance of our pound sterling denominated commercial paper was £241 million ($368 million) and the average interest rate paid was 0.50%. the average balance of our euro denominated commercial paper was €10 million ($11 million) and the average interest rate was -0.09%. the average commercial paper balance for 2014 and 2013 was $1.356 and $1.013 billion and the average interest rate paid was 0.10% and 0.07%, respectively. the amount of commercial paper outstanding fluctuates throughout the year based on daily liquidity needs.
the variation in cash received from common stock issuances was primarily due to the level of stock option exercises by employees in the 2013 through 2015 period.
the cash outflows in other financing activities were impacted by several factors. cash outflows from the premium payments and settlements of capped call options for the purchase of ups class b shares were $(17), $(47) and $(93) million for 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. cash outflows related to the repurchase of shares to satisfy tax withholding obligations on vested employee stock awards were $217, $224 and $253 million for 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. in 2013, we paid $70 million to purchase the noncontrolling interest in a joint venture that operates in the middle east, turkey and portions of the central asia region.
sources of credit see note 8 to the audited consolidated financial statements for a discussion of our available credit and debt covenants.
guarantees and other off-balance sheet arrangements we do not have guarantees or other off-balance sheet financing arrangements, including variable interest entities, which we believe could have a material impact on financial condition or liquidity.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations contractual commitments we have contractual obligations and commitments in the form of capital leases, operating leases, debt obligations, purchase commitments, and certain other liabilities. we intend to satisfy these obligations through the use of cash flow from operations. the following table summarizes the expected cash outflow to satisfy our contractual obligations and commitments as of december 31, 2015 (in millions):
commitment type                 2016                2017                2018                2019              2020            after 2020               total capital leases               $72                 $73                 $61                 $59               $53                $392                  $710
purchase commitments         257                 119                  53                  24                15                  11                   479
other liabilities             23                  10                   5                   -                 -                   -                    38
our capital lease obligations relate primarily to leases on aircraft. capital leases, operating leases, and purchase commitments, as well as our debt principal obligations, are discussed further in note 8 to our consolidated financial statements. the amount of interest on our debt was calculated as the contractual interest payments due on our fixed-rate debt, in addition to interest on variable rate debt that was calculated based on interest rates as of december 31, 2015. the calculations of debt interest take into account the effect of interest rate swap agreements. for debt denominated in a foreign currency, the u.s. dollar equivalent principal amount of the debt at the end of the year was used as the basis to calculate future interest payments.
purchase commitments represent contractual agreements to purchase goods or services that are legally binding, the largest of which are orders for technology equipment and vehicles. as of december 31, 2015, we have no open aircraft orders.
pension fundings represent a voluntary contribution for 2016 and anticipated required minimum cash contributions that will be made to our qualified u.s. pension plans during 2017 and 2018 (these plans are discussed further in note 4 to the consolidated financial statements). the amount of any minimum funding requirement, as applicable, for these plans could change significantly in future periods, depending on many factors, including future plan asset returns, discount rates, and changes to pension plan funding regulations. a sustained significant decline in the world equity markets, and the resulting impact on our pension assets and investment returns, could result in our domestic pension plans being subject to significantly higher minimum funding requirements. actual contributions made in future years could materially differ from the amounts shown in the table above, and consequently required minimum contributions beyond 2018 cannot be reasonably estimated.
as discussed in note 5 to our consolidated financial statements, we are not currently subject to any minimum contributions or surcharges with respect to the multiemployer pension and health and welfare plans in which we participate. contribution rates to these multiemployer pension and health and welfare plans are established through the collective bargaining process. as we are not subject to any minimum contribution levels, we have not included any amounts in the contractual commitments table with respect to these multiemployer plans.
the contractual payments due for "other liabilities" primarily include commitment payments related to our investment in certain partnerships. the table above does not include approximately $207 million of liabilities for uncertain tax positions because we are uncertain if or when such amounts will ultimately be settled in cash. in addition, we also have recognized assets associated with uncertain tax positions in excess of the related liabilities such that we do not believe a net contractual obligation exists to the taxing authorities. uncertain tax positions are further discussed in note 13 to the consolidated financial statements.
as of december 31, 2015, we had outstanding letters of credit totaling approximately $1.808 billion issued in connection with our self-insurance reserves and other routine business requirements. we also issue surety bonds as an alternative to letters of credit in certain instances, and as of december 31, 2015, we had $623 million of surety bonds written. as of december 31, 2015, we had unfunded loan commitments totaling $162 million associated with ups capital.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations we believe that funds from operations and borrowing programs will provide adequate sources of liquidity and capital resources to meet our expected long-term needs for the operation of our business, including anticipated capital expenditures, for the foreseeable future.
contingencies see note 4 to the audited consolidated financial statements for a discussion of pension related matters and note 9 for a discussion of judicial proceedings and other matters arising from the conduct of our business activities.
collective bargaining agreements status of collective bargaining agreements as of december 31, 2015, we had approximately 266,000 employees employed under a national master agreement and various supplemental agreements with local unions affiliated with the international brotherhood of teamsters ("teamsters"). during 2014, the teamsters ratified a new national master agreement ("nma") with ups that will expire on july 31, 2018. the economic provisions in the nma included wage rate increases, as well as increased contribution rates for healthcare and pension benefits. most of these economic provisions were retroactive to august 1, 2013, which was the effective date of the nma. in the second quarter of 2014, we remitted $278 million for these retroactive economic benefits; this payment had an immaterial impact on net income, as these retroactive economic benefits had been accrued since the july 31, 2013 expiration of the prior agreement.
in addition to the retroactive economic provisions of the nma, there were certain changes to the delivery of healthcare benefits that were effective at various dates. these changes impact approximately 36,000 full-time and 73,000 part-time active employees covered by the nma and the ups freight collective bargaining agreement (collectively referred to as the "nma group"), as well as approximately 16,000 employees covered by other collective bargaining agreements (the "non-nma group"). these provisions are discussed further below in the "changes to the delivery of active and postretirement healthcare benefits" section.
we have approximately 2,600 pilots who are employed under a collective bargaining agreement with the independent pilots association ("ipa"), which became amendable at the end of 2011.the ongoing contract negotiations between ups and the ipa are in mediation by the national mediation board.
our airline mechanics are covered by a collective bargaining agreement with teamsters local 2727, which became amendable november 1, 2013. in addition, approximately 3,100 of our auto and maintenance mechanics who are not employed under agreements with the teamsters are employed under collective bargaining agreements with the international association of machinists and aerospace workers ("iam") that will expire on july 31, 2019.
multiemployer benefit plans we contribute to a number of multiemployer defined benefit and health and welfare plans under terms of collective bargaining agreements that cover our union represented employees. our current collective bargaining agreements set forth the annual contribution increases allotted to the plans that we participate in, and we are in compliance with these contribution rates. these limitations will remain in effect throughout the terms of the existing collective bargaining agreements.
changes to the delivery of active and postretirement healthcare benefits prior to ratification, the nma group and non-nma group employees received their healthcare benefits through ups-sponsored active and postretirement health and welfare benefit plans. effective june 1, 2014, we ceased providing healthcare benefits to active nma group employees through these ups-sponsored benefit plans, and the responsibility for providing healthcare benefits for active employees was assumed by three separate multiemployer healthcare funds (the "funds"). the responsibility for providing healthcare benefits for the active non-nma group employees was also assumed by the funds on various dates up to january 1, 2015, depending on the ratification date of the applicable collective bargaining agreement. we will make contributions to the funds based on negotiated fixed hourly or monthly contribution rates for the duration of the nma and other applicable collective bargaining agreements.
additionally, the funds assumed the obligation to provide postretirement healthcare benefits to the employees in the nma group who retire on or after january 1, 2014. the postretirement healthcare benefit obligation for the employees in the non-nma group was assumed by the funds for employees retiring on or after january 1, 2014 or january 1, 2015, depending
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations on the applicable collective bargaining agreement. in exchange for the assumption of the obligation to provide postretirement healthcare benefits to the nma group and non-nma group, we transferred cash totaling $2.271 billion to the funds in the second quarter of 2014. ups-sponsored health and welfare benefit plans retained responsibility for providing postretirement healthcare coverage for employees in the nma group who retired from ups prior to january 1, 2014, and for employees in the non-nma group who retire from ups prior to the january 1, 2014 or january 1, 2015 effective date in the applicable collective bargaining agreement.
accounting impact of health and welfare plan changes income statement impact:
we recorded a pre-tax charge of $1.066 billion ($665 million after-tax) in the second quarter of 2014 for the health and welfare plan changes described above. the components of this charge, which was included in "compensation and benefits" expense in the statement of consolidated income, are as follows:
•   partial plan curtailment: we recorded a $112 million pre-tax curtailment loss due to the elimination of future service benefit accruals. this curtailment loss represents the accelerated recognition of unamortized prior service costs.
•   remeasurement of postretirement obligation: we recorded a $746 million pre-tax loss due to the remeasurement of the postretirement benefit obligations of the affected ups-sponsored health and welfare benefit plans.
•   settlement: we recorded a $208 million pre-tax settlement loss, which represents the recognition of unamortized actuarial losses associated with the postretirement obligation for the nma group.
we recorded an additional pre-tax charge of $36 million ($22 million after-tax) in the fourth quarter of 2014 upon ratification of the collective bargaining agreements covering the non-nma group, related to the remeasurement and settlement of the postretirement benefit obligation associated with those employees.
during 2014, as part of the health and welfare plan changes described previously, we transferred cash totaling $2.271 billion to the funds, which was accounted for as a settlement of our postretirement benefit obligations (see note 4 to the audited consolidated financial statements). we received approximately $854 million of cash tax benefits (through reduced u.s. federal and state quarterly income tax payments) in 2014.
for nma group employees who retired prior to january 1, 2014 and remained with the ups-sponsored health and welfare plans, the changes to the contributions, benefits and cost sharing provisions in these plans resulted in an increase in the postretirement benefit obligation, and a corresponding decrease in pre-tax accumulated other comprehensive income, of $13 million upon ratification.
anticipated benefits of health and welfare plan changes we believe we have obtained several benefits as a result of these health and welfare plan changes, including:
•   liability transfer: we have removed a significant liability from our balance sheet, which helps to reduce uncertainty around potential changes to healthcare laws and regulations, control the volatility of healthcare inflation, and removes the risk associated with providing future retiree healthcare.
•   negotiated healthcare costs: using the model of a defined contribution plan allows us to negotiate our contributions towards healthcare costs going forward, and provides more certainty of costs over the contract period.
•   minimize impact of healthcare law changes: multiemployer plans have several advantages under the patient protection and affordable care act of 2010, including reduced transitional fees and the ability to limit the impact of future excise taxes.
•   mitigate demographic issues: this helps reduce the potential impact of increased early retirements by employees.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations rate adjustments effective december 28, 2015, ups ground rates and accessorial charges increased by an average net 4.9 percent. ups air and international services and accessorials, including ups air freight rates within and between the u.s., canada and puerto rico, increased an average net 5.2 percent. ups freight® rates increased an average net 4.9 percent, effective october 26, 2015.
effective november 2, 2015, the surcharge increased for over maximum packages and the tables for ground, air and international fuel surcharges were adjusted.  effective january 4, 2016, there will be a charge for ups's third-party billing service.
these rate changes are customary and occur on an annual basis. rate changes for shipments originating outside the u.s. are made throughout the year and vary by geographic market.
new accounting pronouncements recently adopted accounting standards see note 1 to the audited consolidated financial statements for a discussion of recently adopted accounting standards.
accounting standards issued but not yet effective see note 1 to the audited consolidated financial statements for a discussion of accounting standards issued, but not yet effective.
critical accounting policies and estimates our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our consolidated financial statements, which are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america. as indicated in note 1 to our consolidated financial statements, the amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, and expenses reported in our financial statements are affected by estimates and judgments that are necessary to comply with generally accepted accounting principles. we base our estimates on prior experience and other assumptions that we consider reasonable to our circumstances. actual results could differ from our estimates, which would affect the related amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements. while estimates and judgments are applied in arriving at many reported amounts, we believe that the following matters may involve a higher degree of judgment and complexity.
contingencies as discussed in note 9 to our consolidated financial statements, we are involved in various legal proceedings and contingencies. the events that may impact our contingent liabilities are often unique and generally are not predictable. at the time a contingency is identified, we consider all relevant facts as part of our evaluation. we record a liability for a loss when the loss is probable of occurring and reasonably estimable. events may arise that were not anticipated and the outcome of a contingency may result in a loss to us that differs from our previously estimated liability. these factors could result in a material difference between estimated and actual operating results. contingent losses that are probable and estimable, excluding those related to income taxes and self-insurance which are discussed further below, were not material to our financial position or results of operations as of, and for the year ended, december 31, 2015. in addition, we have certain contingent liabilities that have not been recognized as of december 31, 2015, because a loss is not reasonably estimable.
goodwill and intangible impairment we perform impairment testing of goodwill for each of our reporting units on an annual basis. our reporting units are comprised of the u.s. domestic package, europe, asia, americas and ismea (indian subcontinent, middle east and africa) reporting units in the international package reporting segment, and the forwarding, logistics, ups freight, the ups store and ups capital and coyote logistic reporting units in the supply chain & freight reporting segment. our annual goodwill impairment testing date is october 1st for each reporting unit. in assessing goodwill for impairment, we initially evaluate qualitative factors to determine if it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. if the qualitative assessment is not conclusive and it is necessary to calculate the fair value of a reporting unit, then we utilize a two-step process to test goodwill for impairment. first, a comparison of the fair value of the applicable reporting unit with the aggregate carrying value, including goodwill, is performed. if the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds the reporting unit's fair value, we perform the second step of the goodwill impairment test to determine the amount of impairment loss. the second step includes comparing the implied fair value of the affected reporting unit's goodwill with the carrying value of that goodwill.
we primarily determine the fair value of our reporting units using a discounted cash flow model ("dcf model"), and supplement this with observable valuation multiples for comparable companies, as applicable. the completion of the dcf model requires that we make a number of significant assumptions to produce an estimate of future cash flows. these assumptions include projections of future revenue, costs, capital expenditures and working capital changes. in addition, we make assumptions about the estimated cost of capital and other relevant variables, as required, in estimating the fair value of our reporting units. the projections that we use in our dcf model are updated annually and will change over time based on the historical performance and changing business conditions for each of our reporting units. the determination of whether goodwill is impaired involves a significant level of judgment in these assumptions, and changes in our business strategy, government regulations, or economic or market conditions could significantly impact these judgments. we will continue to monitor market conditions and other factors to determine if interim impairment tests are necessary in future periods. if impairment indicators are present in future periods, the resulting impairment charges could have a material impact on our results of operations.
none of the reporting units incurred any goodwill impairment charges in 2015, 2014 or 2013. changes in our forecasts could cause carrying values of our reporting units to exceed their fair values in future periods, potentially resulting in a goodwill impairment charge. a 10% decrease in the estimated fair value for any of our reporting units as of our most recent goodwill testing date (october 1, 2015) would not result in a goodwill impairment charge.
a trade name with a carrying value of $200 million and licenses with a carrying value of $4 million as of december 31, 2015 are deemed to be indefinite-lived intangibles, and therefore are not amortized. impairment tests for indefinite-lived intangibles are performed on an annual basis. all of our remaining recorded intangible assets are deemed to be finite-lived intangibles, and are thus amortized over their estimated useful lives. impairment tests for these intangible assets are only performed when a triggering event occurs that indicates that the carrying value of the intangible may not be recoverable based on the undiscounted future cash flows of the intangible. if the carrying amount of the intangible is determined not to be recoverable, a write-down to fair value is recorded. fair values are determined based on a dcf model. we incurred impairment charges on intangible assets of $13 million during 2013, while there were no impairments of any indefinite-lived or finite-lived intangible assets in 2015 or 2014.
self-insurance accruals we self-insure costs associated with workers' compensation claims, automotive liability, health and welfare and general business liabilities, up to certain limits. insurance reserves are established for estimates of the loss that we will ultimately incur on reported claims, as well as estimates of claims that have been incurred but not yet reported. recorded balances are based on reserve levels, which incorporate historical loss experience and judgments about the present and expected levels of cost per claim. trends in actual experience are a significant factor in the determination of such reserves. we believe our estimated reserves for such claims are adequate, but actual experience in claim frequency and/or severity could materially differ from our estimates and affect our results of operations.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations workers' compensation, automobile liability and general liability insurance claims may take several years to completely settle. consequently, actuarial estimates are required to project the ultimate cost that will be incurred to fully resolve the claims. a number of factors can affect the actual cost of a claim, including the length of time the claim remains open, trends in health care costs and the results of related litigation. furthermore, claims may emerge in future years for events that occurred in a prior year at a rate that differs from previous actuarial projections. changes in state legislation with respect to workers' compensation can affect the adequacy of our self-insurance accruals. all of these factors can result in revisions to prior actuarial projections and produce a material difference between estimated and actual operating results.
we sponsor a number of health and welfare insurance plans for our employees. these liabilities and related expenses are based on estimates of the number of employees and eligible dependents covered under the plans, anticipated medical usage by participants and overall trends in medical costs and inflation. actual results may differ from these estimates and, therefore, produce a material difference between estimated and actual operating results.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations pension and postretirement medical benefits our pension and other postretirement benefit costs are calculated using various actuarial assumptions and methodologies. these assumptions include discount rates, health care cost trend rates, inflation, compensation increase rates, expected returns on plan assets, mortality rates and other factors. the assumptions utilized in recording the obligations under our plans represent our best estimates, and we believe that they are reasonable, based on information as to historical experience and performance as well as other factors that might cause future expectations to differ from past trends.
differences in actual experience or changes in assumptions may affect our pension and other postretirement obligations and future expense. the primary factors contributing to actuarial gains and losses each year are (1) changes in the discount rate used to value pension and postretirement benefit obligations as of the measurement date, (2) differences between the expected and the actual return on plan assets, (3) changes in demographic assumptions including mortality, (4) participant experience different from demographic assumptions and (5) changes in coordinating benefits with plans not sponsored by ups.
we recognize changes in the fair value of plan assets and net actuarial gains or losses in excess of a corridor (defined as 10% of the greater of the fair value of plan assets or the plans' projected benefit obligations) in pension expense annually at december 31st each year. the remaining components of pension expense (herein referred to as "ongoing net periodic benefit cost"), primarily service and interest costs and the expected return on plan assets, are reported on a quarterly basis.
the following sensitivity analysis shows the impact of a 25 basis point change in the assumed discount rate, return on assets, and healthcare cost trend rate for our pension and postretirement benefit plans, and the resulting increase (decrease) on our obligations and expense as of, and for the year ended, december 31, 2015 (in millions).
effect on ongoing net periodic benefit cost                                                           $(63         )                    $66
effect on net periodic benefit cost for amounts recognized outside the 10% corridor                    (86         )                  1,048
effect on projected benefit obligation                                                              (1,490         )                  1,651
return on assets:
effect on ongoing net periodic benefit cost(1)                                                         (73         )                     73
effect on net periodic benefit cost for amounts recognized outside the 10% corridor(2)                 (46         )                     47
effect on ongoing net periodic benefit cost                                                              3                               (3         )
effect on net periodic benefit cost for amounts recognized outside the 10% corridor                    (11         )                     13
effect on accumulated postretirement benefit obligation                                                (57         )                     67
effect on ongoing net periodic benefit cost                                                              1                               (1         )
effect on net periodic benefit cost for amounts recognized outside the 10% corridor                     11                              (11         )
effect on accumulated postretirement benefit obligation                                                 17                              (19         )
(1)   amount calculated based on 25 basis point increase / decrease in the expected return on assets.
(2)   amount calculated based on 25 basis point increase / decrease in the actual return on assets.
expense is expected to remain flat in 2016 compared with 2015, due primarily to the increase in the weighted-average discount rate used to determine ongoing net periodic benefit cost from 4.36% for 2015 to 4.81% for 2016 (these discount rates represent the combined weighted-average discount rates for our u.s. and international pension plans, as well as our u.s. postretirement medical plans). the impact of increases in discount rates is offset primarily by lower than expected asset returns in 2015.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations depreciation, residual value and impairment of fixed assets as of december 31, 2015, we had $18.352 billion of net fixed assets, the most significant category of which is aircraft. in accounting for fixed assets, we make estimates about the expected useful lives and the expected residual values of the assets, and the potential for impairment based on the fair values of the assets and the cash flows generated by these assets.
in estimating the lives and expected residual values of aircraft, we have relied upon actual experience with the same or similar aircraft types. subsequent revisions to these estimates could be caused by changes to our maintenance program, changes in the utilization of the aircraft, governmental regulations on aging aircraft and changing market prices of new and used aircraft of the same or similar types. we periodically evaluate these estimates and assumptions, and adjust the estimates and assumptions as necessary. adjustments to the expected lives and residual values are accounted for on a prospective basis through depreciation expense.
we review long-lived assets for impairment when circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable based on the undiscounted future cash flows of the asset. if the carrying amount of the asset is determined not to be recoverable, a write-down to fair value is recorded. fair values are determined based on quoted market values, discounted cash flows or external appraisals, as applicable. we review long-lived assets for impairment at the individual asset or the asset group level for which the lowest level of independent cash flows can be identified. the circumstances that would indicate potential impairment may include, but are not limited to, a significant change in the extent to which an asset is utilized and operating or cash flow losses associated with the use of the asset. in estimating cash flows, we project future volume levels for our different air express products in all geographic regions in which we do business. adverse changes in these volume forecasts, or a shortfall of our actual volume compared with our projections, could result in our current aircraft capacity exceeding current or projected demand. this situation would lead to an excess of a particular aircraft type, resulting in an aircraft impairment charge or a reduction of the expected life of an aircraft type (thus resulting in increased depreciation expense).
fair value measurements in the normal course of business, we hold and issue financial instruments that contain elements of market risk, including derivatives, marketable securities, finance receivables, pension assets, other investments and debt. certain of these financial instruments are required to be recorded at fair value, principally derivatives, marketable securities, pension assets and certain other investments. fair values are based on listed market prices, when such prices are available. to the extent that listed market prices are not available, fair value is determined based on other relevant factors, including dealer price quotations. certain financial instruments, including over-the-counter derivative instruments, are valued using pricing models that consider, among other factors, contractual and market prices, correlations, time value, credit spreads and yield curve volatility factors. changes in the fixed income, equity, foreign exchange and commodity markets will impact our estimates of fair value in the future, potentially affecting our results of operations. a quantitative sensitivity analysis of our exposure to changes in commodity prices, foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates and equity prices is presented in the "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk" section of this report.
we allocate the fair value of purchase consideration to the tangible assets acquired, liabilities assumed and intangible assets acquired based on their estimated fair values. the excess of the fair value of purchase consideration over the fair values of these identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. such valuations require management to make significant estimates and assumptions, especially with respect to intangible assets. significant estimates in valuing certain intangible assets include, but are not limited to, future expected cash flows from acquired users, acquired technology, and trade names from a market participant perspective, useful lives and discount rates. management's estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable and, as a result, actual results may differ from estimates. during the measurement period, which is one year from the acquisition date, we may record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with the corresponding offset to goodwill. upon the conclusion of the measurement period, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to earnings.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations income taxes we make certain estimates and judgments in determining income tax expense for financial statement purposes. these estimates and judgments occur in the calculation of income by legal entity and jurisdiction, tax credits, benefits, and deductions, and in the calculation of certain tax assets and liabilities, which arise from differences in the timing of recognition of revenue and expense for tax and financial statement purposes, as well as the interest and penalties related to these uncertain tax positions. significant changes to these estimates may result in an increase or decrease to our tax provision in a subsequent period.
we assess the likelihood that we will be able to recover our deferred tax assets. if recovery is not likely, we must increase our provision for taxes by recording a valuation allowance against the deferred tax assets that we estimate will not ultimately be recoverable. we believe that we will ultimately recover a substantial majority of the deferred tax assets recorded on our consolidated balance sheets. however, should there be a change in our ability to recover our deferred tax assets, our tax provision would increase in the period in which we determined that the recovery was not likely.
the calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax regulations. we recognize liabilities for uncertain tax positions based on a two-step process. the first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on audit, including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if any. once it is determined that the position meets the recognition threshold, the second step requires us to estimate and measure the tax benefit as the largest amount that is more likely than not to be realized upon ultimate settlement. it is inherently difficult and subjective to estimate such amounts, as we have to determine the probability of various possible outcomes. we reevaluate these uncertain tax positions on a quarterly basis. this evaluation is based on factors including, but not limited to, changes in facts or circumstances, changes in tax law, effectively settled issues under audit, and new audit activity. such a change in recognition or measurement could result in the recognition of a tax benefit or an additional charge to the tax provision.
allowance for doubtful accounts losses on accounts receivable are recognized when they are incurred, which requires us to make our best estimate of the probable losses inherent in our customer receivables at each balance sheet date. these estimates require consideration of historical loss experience adjusted for current conditions, trends in customer payment frequency, and judgments about the probable effects of relevant observable data, including present economic conditions and the financial health of specific customers and market sectors. our risk management process includes standards and policies for reviewing major account exposures and concentrations of risk. deterioration in macroeconomic variables could result in our ultimate loss exposures on our accounts receivable being significantly higher than what we have currently estimated and reserved for in our allowance for doubtful accounts. our total allowance for doubtful accounts as of december 31, 2015 and 2014 was $118 and $121 million, respectively. our total provision for doubtful accounts charged to expense during the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 was $121, $143 and $129 million, respectively.
united parcel service, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations