item 1a. risk factors.
you should view these statements with caution. these statements are not guarantees of future performance, circumstances or events. they are based on facts and circumstances known to us as of the date the statements are made. all aspects of our business are subject to uncertainties, risks and other influences, many of which we do not control. any of these factors, either alone or taken together, could have a material adverse effect on us and could change whether any forward-looking statement ultimately turns out to be true. additionally, we assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statement as a result of future events, circumstances or developments. the following discussion should be read together with the consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto. outlined below are some of the risks that we believe could affect our business and financial statements for 2016 and beyond and that could cause actual results to be materially different from those that may be set forth in forward-looking statements made by the company.
the waste industry is highly competitive, and if we cannot successfully compete in the marketplace, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected.
we encounter intense competition from governmental, quasi-governmental and private sources in all aspects of our operations. in north america, the industry consists primarily of two national waste management companies and regional and local companies of varying sizes and financial resources, including companies that specialize in certain discrete areas of waste management, operators of alternative disposal facilities and companies that seek to use parts of the waste stream as feedstock for renewable energy and other by-products. some of our regional competitors can be significant competitors in local markets and are pursuing aggressive regional growth strategies. we compete with these companies as well as with counties and municipalities that maintain their own waste collection and disposal operations. these counties and municipalities may have financial competitive advantages because tax revenues are available to them and tax-exempt financing is more readily available to them. also, such governmental units may attempt to impose flow control or other restrictions that would give them a competitive advantage. in addition, some of our competitors may have lower financial expectations, allowing them to reduce their prices to expand sales volume or to win competitively-bid contracts, including large national accounts and exclusive franchise arrangements with municipalities. when this happens, we may lose customers and be unable to execute our pricing strategy, resulting in a negative impact to our revenue growth from yield on base business.
our future financial performance and success are dependent in large part upon our ability to implement our business strategy successfully. implementation of our strategy will require effective management of our operational, financial and human resources and will place significant demands on those resources. see item 7. management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations — overview for more information on our business strategy.
•   strategic decisions with respect to our asset portfolio may result in impairments to our assets. see item 1a. risk factors — we may record material charges against our earnings due to impairments to our assets.
•   our ability to make strategic acquisitions depends on our ability to identify desirable acquisition targets, negotiate advantageous transactions despite competition for such opportunities, fund such acquisitions on favorable terms, and realize the benefits we expect from those transactions.
•   acquisitions, investments and/or new service offerings may not increase our earnings in the timeframe anticipated, or at all, due to difficulties operating in new markets or providing new service offerings, failure of emerging technologies to perform as expected, failure to operate within budget, integration issues, or regulatory issues, among others.
•   integration of acquisitions and/or new services offerings could increase our exposure to the risk of inadvertent noncompliance with applicable laws and regulations.
•   execution of our strategy, particularly growth through acquisitions, may cause us to incur substantial additional indebtedness, which may divert capital away from our traditional business operations and other financial plans.
•   we continue to seek to divest underperforming and non-strategic assets if we cannot improve their profitability. we may not be able to successfully negotiate the divestiture of underperforming and non-strategic operations, which could result in asset impairments or the continued operation of low-margin businesses.
in addition to the risks set forth above, implementation of our business strategy could also be affected by a number of factors beyond our control, such as increased competition, legal developments, government regulation, general economic conditions, increased operating costs or expenses and changes in industry trends. we may decide to alter or discontinue certain aspects of our business strategy at any time. if we are not able to implement our business strategy successfully, our long-term growth and profitability may be adversely affected. even if we are able to implement some or all of the initiatives of our business strategy successfully, our operating results may not improve to the extent we anticipate, or at all.
compliance with existing or future regulations and/or enforcement of such regulations may restrict or change our operations, increase our operating costs or require us to make additional capital expenditures.
stringent government regulations at the federal, state, provincial, and local level in the united states and canada have a substantial impact on our business, and compliance with such regulations is costly. a large number of complex laws, rules, orders and interpretations govern environmental protection, health, safety, land use, zoning, transportation and related matters. in recent years, we have perceived an increase in both the amount of government regulation and the number of enforcement actions being brought by regulatory entities against operations in the waste services industry. we expect this heightened governmental focus on regulation and enforcement to continue. among other things, governmental regulations and enforcement actions may restrict our operations and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows by imposing conditions such as:
•   limitations on siting and constructing new waste disposal, transfer, recycling or processing facilities or on expanding existing facilities;
•   limitations, regulations or levies on collection and disposal prices, rates and volumes;
•   limitations or bans on disposal or transportation of out-of-state waste or certain categories of waste;
•   limitations or restrictions on the recycling, processing or transformation of waste, recycling and other streams.
regulations affecting the siting, design and closure of landfills could require us to undertake investigatory or remedial activities, curtail operations or close landfills temporarily or permanently. future changes in these regulations may require us to modify, supplement or replace equipment or facilities. the costs of complying with these regulations could be substantial.
in order to develop, expand or operate a landfill or other waste management facility, we must have various facility permits and other governmental approvals, including those relating to zoning, environmental protection and land use. the permits and approvals are often difficult, time consuming and costly to obtain and could contain conditions that limit our operations.
we also have significant financial obligations relating to final capping, closure, post-closure and environmental remediation at our existing landfills. we establish accruals for these estimated costs, but we could underestimate such accruals. environmental regulatory changes could accelerate or increase capping, closure, post-closure and remediation costs, requiring our expenditures to materially exceed our current accruals.
various states have enacted, or are considering enacting, laws that restrict the disposal within the state of solid waste generated outside the state. from time to time, the united states congress has considered legislation authorizing states to adopt regulations, restrictions, or taxes on the importation of out-of-state or out-of-jurisdiction waste. additionally, several state and local governments have enacted “flow control” regulations, which attempt to require that all waste generated within the state or local jurisdiction be deposited at specific sites. the united states congress’ adoption of legislation allowing restrictions on interstate transportation of out-of-state or out-of-jurisdiction waste certain types of flow control, or courts’ interpretations of interstate waste and flow control legislation, could adversely affect our solid and hazardous waste management services.
additionally, regulations establishing extended producer responsibility, or epr, are being considered or implemented in many places around the world, including in canada and the u.s. epr regulations are designed to place either partial or total responsibility on producers to fund the post-use life cycle of the products they create. along with the funding responsibility, producers may be required to take over management of local recycling programs by taking back their products from end users or managing the collection operations and recycling processing infrastructure. there is no federal law establishing epr in the u.s. or canada; however, state, provincial and local governments could, and in some cases have, taken steps to implement epr regulations. if wide-ranging epr regulations were adopted, they could have a fundamental impact on the waste streams we manage and how we operate our business, including contract terms and pricing. a significant reduction in the waste, recycling and other streams we manage could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
enforcement or implementation of foreign regulations can affect our ability to export products. in 2013, the chinese government began to strictly enforce regulations that establish limits on moisture and non-conforming materials that may be contained in imported recycled paper and plastics as well as restricting the import of certain other plastic recyclables. the higher quality expectations resulting from initiatives such as “operation green fence” have driven up operating costs in the recycling industry, particularly for single stream mrfs. single stream mrfs process a wide range of commingled materials and tend to receive a higher percentage of non-recyclables, which results in increased processing and residual disposal costs. if operation green fence or other similar initiatives or
our revenues, earnings and cash flows will fluctuate based on changes in commodity prices.
our recycling operations process for sale certain recyclable materials, including fibers, aluminum and plastics, which are subject to significant market price fluctuations. the majority of the recyclables that we process for sale are paper fibers, including old corrugated cardboard and old newsprint. the fluctuations in the market prices or demand for these commodities, particularly demand from chinese paper mills, can affect our operating income and cash flows negatively, such as we experienced in 2015, 2014 and 2013. as we have increased the size of our recycling operations, we have also increased our exposure to commodity price fluctuations. the decline in market prices in 2015, 2014 and 2013 for commodities resulted in year-over-year decreases in revenue of $138 million, $53 million and $79 million, respectively. additionally, under some agreements, our recycling operations are required to pay rebates to suppliers. in some cases, if we experience higher revenues based on increased market prices for commodities, the rebates we pay will also increase. in other circumstances, the rebates may be subject to a floor, such that as market prices decrease, any expected profit margins on materials subject to the rebate floor are reduced or eliminated. as we work to revise service agreements to mitigate the impact of commodity price fluctuations, the potential increase in the cost for recycling services may make it more difficult for us to win bids and may slow the growth of recycling overall until market conditions improve.
fluctuation in energy prices also affects our business, including recycling of plastics manufactured from petroleum products. significant variations in the price of methane gas, electricity and other energy-related products that are marketed and sold by our landfill gas recovery operations can result in corresponding significant impact to our revenue from yield from such operations. additionally, we provide specialized disposal services for oil and gas exploration and production operations through our energy services business. demand for these services may decrease if drilling activity slows due to changes in oil and gas prices, such as the pronounced price decreases in late 2014 and 2015. any of the commodity prices to which we are subject may fluctuate substantially and without notice in the future.
energy services business demand may also be adversely affected if drilling activity slows due to industry conditions beyond our control, in addition to changes in oil and gas prices. changes in laws or government regulations regarding ghg emissions from oil and gas operations and/or hydraulic fracturing could increase our customers’ costs of doing business and reduce oil and gas exploration and production by customers. there remains heightened attention from the public, some states and the epa to the alleged potential for hydraulic fracturing to impact drinking water supplies. there is also heightened federal regulatory focus on emissions of methane that occur during drilling and transportation of natural gas with regulations promulgated in 2012 and 2015 as well as state attention to protective disposal of drilling residuals. increased regulation of oil and gas exploration and production and new rules regarding the treatment and disposal of wastes associated with exploration and production operations could increase our costs to provide oilfield services and reduce our margins and revenue from such services.
our customers are increasingly diverting waste to alternatives to landfill disposal, such as recycling and composting, while also working to reduce the amount of waste they generate. in addition, many state and local governments mandate diversion, recycling and waste reduction at the source and prohibit the disposal of certain types of waste, such as yard waste, food waste, and electronics at landfills. where such organic waste is not
index to financial statements banned from the landfill, some large customers such as grocery stores and restaurants are choosing to divert their organic waste from landfills. zero-waste goals (sending no waste to the landfill) have been set by many of north america’s largest companies. although such mandates and initiatives help to protect our environment, these developments reduce the volume of waste going to our landfills which may affect the prices that we can charge for landfill disposal. our landfills currently provide and, together with our divested waste-to-energy facilities, have historically provided our highest income from operations margins. if we are not successful in expanding our service offerings and growing lines of businesses to service waste streams that do not go to landfills and to provide services for customers that wish to reduce waste entirely, then our revenues and operating results may decline. additionally, despite the development of new service offerings and lines of business, it is possible that our revenues and our income from operations margins could be negatively affected due to disposal alternatives.
developments in technology could trigger a fundamental change in the waste management industry, as waste streams are increasingly viewed as a resource, which may adversely impact volumes at our landfills and our profitability.
our company and others have recognized the value of the traditional waste stream as a potential resource. research and development activities are on-going to provide disposal alternatives that maximize the value of waste, including using waste as a source for renewable energy and other valuable by-products. we and many other companies are investing in these technologies. it is possible that such investments and technological advancements may reduce the cost of waste disposal or the value of landfill gas recovery to a level below our costs and may reduce the demand for landfill space. as a result, our revenues and margins could be adversely affected due to advancements in disposal alternatives.
if we are not able to develop new service offerings and protect intellectual property, or if a competitor develops or obtains exclusive rights to a breakthrough technology, our financial results may suffer.
our existing and proposed service offerings to customers may require that we invest in, develop or license, and protect, new technologies. research and development of new technologies and investment in emerging technologies often requires significant spending that may divert capital investment away from our traditional business operations. we may experience difficulties or delays in the research, development, production and/or marketing of new products and services or emerging technologies in which we have invested, which may negatively impact our operating results and prevent us from recouping or realizing a return on the investments required to bring new products and services to market. further, protecting our intellectual property rights and combating unlicensed copying and use of intellectual property is difficult, and any inability to obtain or protect new technologies could impact our services to customers and development of new revenue sources. our company and others are increasingly focusing on new technologies that provide alternatives to traditional disposal and maximize the resource value of waste. if a competitor develops or obtains exclusive rights to a “breakthrough technology” that provides a revolutionary change in traditional waste management, or if we have inferior intellectual property to our competitors, our financial results may suffer.
we believe we have developed a reputation for high-quality service, reliability and social and environmental responsibility, and we believe our brand symbolizes these attributes. the waste management brand name, trademarks and logos and our reputation are powerful sales and marketing tools, and we devote significant resources to promoting and protecting them. adverse publicity, whether or not justified, relating to activities by our operations, employees or agents could tarnish our reputation and reduce the value of our brand. damage to our reputation and loss of brand equity could reduce demand for our services. this reduction in demand, together with the dedication of time and expense necessary to defend our reputation, could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations, as well as require additional resources to rebuild our reputation and restore the value of our brand.
index to financial statements our operations are subject to environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, as well as contractual obligations that may result in significant liabilities.
there is risk of incurring significant environmental liabilities in the use, treatment, storage, transfer and disposal of waste materials. under applicable environmental laws and regulations, we could be liable if our operations cause environmental damage to our properties or to the property of other landowners, particularly as a result of the contamination of air, drinking water or soil. under current law, we could also be held liable for damage caused by conditions that existed before we acquired the assets or operations involved. this risk is of particular concern as we execute our growth strategy, partially though acquisitions, because we may be unsuccessful in identifying and assessing potential liabilities during our due diligence investigations. further, the counterparties in such transactions may be unable to perform their indemnification obligations owed to us. additionally, we could be liable if we arrange for the transportation, disposal or treatment of hazardous substances that cause environmental contamination, or if a predecessor owner made such arrangements and, under applicable law, we are treated as a successor to the prior owner. any substantial liability for environmental damage could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
•   agencies of federal, state, local or foreign governments seek to impose liability on us under applicable statutes, sometimes involving civil or criminal penalties for violations, or to revoke or deny renewal of a permit we need; and
•   local communities, citizen groups, landowners or governmental agencies oppose the issuance of a permit or approval we need, allege violations of the permits under which we operate or laws or regulations to which we are subject, or seek to impose liability on us for environmental damage.
we generally seek to work with the authorities or other persons involved in these proceedings to resolve any issues raised. if we are not successful, the adverse outcome of one or more of these proceedings could result in, among other things, material increases in our costs or liabilities as well as material charges for asset impairments.
further, we often enter into agreements with landowners imposing obligations on us to meet certain regulatory or contractual conditions upon site closure or upon termination of the agreements. compliance with these agreements inherently involves subjective determinations and may result in disputes, including litigation. costs to remediate or restore the condition of closed sites may be significant.
general economic conditions can directly and adversely affect our revenues and our income from operations margins.
our business is directly affected by changes in national and general economic factors that are outside of our control, including consumer confidence, interest rates and access to capital markets. a weak economy generally results in decreased consumer spending and decreases in volumes of waste generated, which decreases our revenues. a weak market for consumer goods can significantly decrease demand by paper mills for recycled corrugated cardboard used in packaging; such decrease in demand can negatively impact commodity prices and our operating income and cash flows. in addition, we have a relatively high fixed-cost structure, which is difficult to quickly adjust to match shifting volume levels. consumer uncertainty and the loss of consumer confidence may limit the number or amount of services requested by customers. economic conditions may also limit our ability to implement our pricing strategy. for example, many of our contracts have price adjustment provisions that are tied to an index such as the consumer price index, and our costs may increase in excess of the increase, if any, in the consumer price index. additionally, a prolonged economic downturn in china could significantly impact prices for post-consumer fiber and metals processed by our recycling operations.
index to financial statements some of our customers, including governmental entities, have suffered financial difficulties affecting their credit risk, which could negatively impact our operating results.
we provide service to a number of governmental entities and municipalities, some of which have suffered significant financial difficulties in recent years, due in part to reduced tax revenue and/or high cost structures. some of these entities could be unable to pay amounts owed to us or renew contracts with us at previous or increased rates.
many non-governmental customers have also suffered serious financial difficulties, including bankruptcy in some cases. purchasers of our recyclable commodities can be particularly vulnerable to financial difficulties in times of commodity price volatility. the inability of our customers to pay us in a timely manner or to pay increased rates, particularly large national accounts, could negatively affect our operating results.
in addition, the financial difficulties of municipalities could result in a decline in investors’ demand for municipal bonds and a correlating increase in interest rates. as of december 31, 2015, we had $491 million of variable-rate tax-exempt bonds with interest rates reset on either a daily or a weekly basis through a remarketing process and $316 million of tax-exempt bonds with term interest rate periods that are subject to repricing within the next 12 months, which is prior to their scheduled maturities. if the weakness in the municipal debt market results in repricing of our tax-exempt bonds at significantly higher interest rates, we will incur increased interest expenses that may negatively affect our operating results and cash flows.
we may be unable to obtain or maintain required permits or to expand existing permitted capacity of our landfills, which could decrease our revenue and increase our costs.
our ability to meet our financial and operating objectives depends in part on our ability to obtain and maintain the permits necessary to operate landfill sites. permits to build, operate and expand solid waste management facilities, including landfills and transfer stations, have become more difficult and expensive to obtain and maintain. permits often take years to obtain as a result of numerous hearings and compliance requirements with regard to zoning, environmental and other regulations. these permits are also often subject to resistance from citizen or other groups and other political pressures. local communities and citizen groups, adjacent landowners or governmental agencies may oppose the issuance of a permit or approval we may need, allege violations of the permits under which we currently operate or laws or regulations to which we are subject, or seek to impose liability on us for environmental damage. responding to these challenges has, at times, increased our costs and extended the time associated with establishing new facilities and expanding existing facilities. in addition, failure to receive regulatory and zoning approval may prohibit us from establishing new facilities or expanding existing facilities. our failure to obtain the required permits to operate our landfills could have a material adverse impact on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the price and supply of diesel fuel can fluctuate significantly based on international, political and economic circumstances, as well as other factors outside our control, such as actions by the organization of the petroleum exporting countries (“opec”) and other oil and gas producers, regional production patterns, weather conditions and environmental concerns. we need diesel fuel to run a significant portion of our collection and transfer trucks and our equipment used in our landfill operations. supply shortages could substantially increase our operating expenses. additionally, if fuel prices increase, our direct operating expenses increase and many of our vendors raise their prices as a means to offset their own rising costs. we have in place a fuel surcharge program, designed to offset increased fuel expenses; however, we may not be able to pass through all of our increased costs and some customers’ contracts prohibit any pass-through of the increased costs. additionally, we recently agreed on settlement terms for two cases that pertained to our fuel and environmental charges included on our invoices, and we may face similar claims in the future. see note 11 of the consolidated financial statements for more information. regardless of any offsetting surcharge programs, increased operating costs due to higher diesel fuel prices will decrease our income from operations margins.
index to financial statements we have an extensive natural gas truck fleet, which makes us partially dependent on the availability of natural gas and fueling infrastructure and vulnerable to natural gas prices.
we operate a large fleet of natural gas vehicles, and we plan to continue to invest in these assets for our collection fleet. however, natural gas fueling infrastructure is not yet broadly available in north america; as a result, we have constructed and operate natural gas fueling stations, some of which also serve the public or pre-approved third parties. it will remain necessary for us to invest capital in fueling infrastructure in order to power our natural gas fleet. concerns have been raised about the potential for emissions from fueling infrastructure that serve natural gas-fueled vehicles. new regulation of, or restrictions on, natural gas fueling infrastructure or reductions in associated tax incentives could increase our operating costs. additionally, fluctuations in the price and supply of natural gas could substantially increase our operating expenses, and a reduction in the existing cost differential between natural gas and diesel fuel could materially reduce the benefits we anticipate from our investment in natural gas vehicles. further, our fuel surcharge program is currently indexed to diesel fuel prices, and price fluctuations for natural gas may not effectively be recovered by this program.
we may experience problems with the operation of our current information technology systems or the technology systems of third parties on which we rely, as well as the development and deployment of new information technology systems, that could adversely affect, or even temporarily disrupt, all or a portion of our operations until resolved. inabilities and delays in implementing new systems can also affect our ability to realize projected or expected cost savings. additionally, any systems failures could impede our ability to timely collect and report financial results in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
a cybersecurity incident could negatively impact our business and our relationships with customers.
we use computers in substantially all aspects of our business operations. we also use mobile devices, social networking and other online activities to connect with our employees and our customers. such uses give rise to cybersecurity risks, including security breach, espionage, system disruption, theft and inadvertent release of information. our business involves the storage and transmission of numerous classes of sensitive and/or confidential information and intellectual property, including customers’ personal information, private information about employees, and financial and strategic information about the company and its business partners. we also rely on a payment card industry compliant third party to protect our customers’ credit card information. further, as the company pursues its strategy to grow through acquisitions and to pursue new initiatives that improve our operations and cost structure, the company is also expanding and improving its information technologies, resulting in a larger technological presence and corresponding exposure to cybersecurity risk. if we fail to assess and identify cybersecurity risks associated with acquisitions and new initiatives, we may become increasingly vulnerable to such risks. additionally, while we have implemented measures to prevent security breaches and cyber incidents, our preventative measures and incident response efforts may not be entirely effective. the theft, destruction, loss, misappropriation, or release of sensitive and/or confidential information or intellectual property, or interference with our information technology systems or the technology systems of third parties on which we rely, could result in business disruption, negative publicity, brand damage, violation of privacy laws, loss of customers, potential liability and competitive disadvantage.
labor unions continually attempt to organize our employees, and these efforts will likely continue in the future. certain groups of our employees are currently represented by unions, and we have negotiated collective bargaining agreements with these unions. additional groups of employees may seek union representation in the future, and, if successful, the negotiation of collective bargaining agreements could divert management attention
index to financial statements and result in increased operating expenses and lower net income. if we are unable to negotiate acceptable collective bargaining agreements, our operating expenses could increase significantly as a result of work stoppages, including strikes. any of these matters could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we could face significant liabilities for withdrawal from multiemployer pension plans.
we are a participating employer in a number of trustee-managed multiemployer, defined benefit pension plans for employees who are covered by collective bargaining agreements. in the event of our withdrawal from multiemployer pension plan, we may incur expenses associated with our obligations for unfunded vested benefits at the time of the withdrawal. depending on various factors, future withdrawals could have a material adverse effect on results of operations or cash flows for a particular reporting period. we have previously withdrawn several employee bargaining units from underfunded multiemployer pension plans, and we recognized related expenses of $51 million in 2015, $4 million in 2014 and $5 million in 2013. see notes 10 and 11 to the consolidated financial statements for more information related to our participation in multiemployer pension plans.
providing environmental and waste management services, including constructing and operating landfills, involves risks such as truck accidents, equipment defects, malfunctions and failures. additionally, we closely monitor and manage landfills to minimize the risk of waste mass instability, releases of hazardous materials, and odors that could be triggered by weather or natural disasters. there may also be risks presented by the potential for subsurface chemical reactions causing elevated landfill temperatures and increased production of leachate, landfill gas and odors. we also build and operate natural gas fueling stations, some of which also serve the public or third parties. operation of fueling stations and landfill gas collection and control systems involves additional risks of fire and explosion. any of these risks could potentially result in injury or death of employees and others, a need to shut down or reduce operation of facilities, increased operating expense and exposure to liability for pollution and other environmental damage, and property damage or destruction.
while we seek to minimize our exposure to such risks through comprehensive training, compliance and response and recovery programs, as well as vehicle and equipment maintenance programs, if we were to incur substantial liabilities in excess of any applicable insurance, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. any such incidents could also tarnish our reputation and reduce the value of our brand. additionally, a major operational failure, even if suffered by a competitor, may bring enhanced scrutiny and regulation of our industry, with a corresponding increase in operating expense.
we have substantial financial assurance and insurance requirements, and increases in the costs of obtaining adequate financial assurance, or the inadequacy of our insurance coverages, could negatively impact our liquidity and increase our liabilities.
the amount of insurance we are required to maintain for environmental liability is governed by statutory requirements. we believe that the cost for such insurance is high relative to the coverage it would provide and, therefore, our coverages are generally maintained at the minimum statutorily-required levels. we face the risk of incurring additional costs for environmental damage if our insurance coverage is ultimately inadequate to cover those damages. we also carry a broad range of other insurance coverages that are customary for a company our size. we use these programs to mitigate risk of loss, thereby enabling us to manage our self-insurance exposure associated with claims. the inability of our insurers to meet their commitments in a timely manner and the effect of significant claims or litigation against insurance companies may subject us to additional risks. to the extent our insurers are unable to meet their obligations, or our own obligations for claims are more than we estimated, there could be a material adverse effect to our financial results.
index to financial statements in addition, to fulfill our financial assurance obligations with respect to variable-rate tax-exempt debt, final capping, closure, post-closure and environmental remediation obligations, we generally obtain letters of credit or surety bonds, rely on insurance, including captive insurance, fund trust and escrow accounts or rely upon wm financial guarantees. we currently have in place all financial assurance instruments necessary for our operations. our financial position, which can be negatively affected by asset impairments, our credit profile and general economic factors, may adversely affect the cost of our current financial assurance instruments, and changes in regulations may impose stricter requirements on the types of financial assurance that will be accepted. additionally, in the event we are unable to obtain sufficient surety bonding, letters of credit or third-party insurance coverage at reasonable cost, or one or more states cease to view captive insurance as adequate coverage, we would need to rely on other forms of financial assurance. it is possible that we could be forced to deposit cash to collateralize our obligations. other forms of financial assurance could be more expensive to obtain, and any requirements to use cash to support our obligations would negatively impact our liquidity and capital resources and could affect our ability to meet our obligations as they become due.
in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (“gaap”), we capitalize certain expenditures and advances relating to disposal site development, expansion projects, acquisitions, software development costs and other projects. events that could, in some circumstances, lead to an impairment include, but are not limited to, shutting down a facility or operation or abandoning a development project or the denial of an expansion permit. additionally, declining waste volumes and development of, and customer preference for, alternatives to traditional waste disposal could warrant asset impairments. if we determine an asset or expansion project is impaired, we will charge against earnings any unamortized capitalized expenditures and advances relating to such asset or project reduced by any portion of the capitalized costs that we estimate will be recoverable, through sale or otherwise. we also carry a significant amount of goodwill on our consolidated balance sheet, which is required to be assessed for impairment annually, and more frequently in the case of certain triggering events. we may be required to incur charges against earnings if such impairment tests indicate that the fair value of a reporting unit is below its carrying value. any such charges could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
our capital requirements and our business strategy could increase our expenses, cause us to change our growth and development plans, or result in an inability to maintain our desired credit profile.
if economic conditions or other risks and uncertainties cause a significant reduction in our cash flows from operations, we may reduce or suspend capital expenditures, growth and acquisition activity, implementation of our business strategy, dividend declarations or share repurchases. we may choose to incur indebtedness to pay for these activities, although our access to capital markets is not assured and we may not be able to incur indebtedness at a cost that is consistent with current borrowing rates. we also may need to incur indebtedness to refinance scheduled debt maturities, and it is possible that the cost of financing could increase significantly, thereby increasing our expenses and decreasing our net income. further, our ability to execute our financial strategy and our ability to incur indebtedness is somewhat dependent upon our ability to maintain investment grade ratings on our senior debt. the credit rating process is contingent upon our credit profile, as well as a number of other factors, many of which are beyond our control, including methodologies established and interpreted by third party rating agencies. if we were unable to maintain our investment grade credit ratings in the future, our interest expense would increase and our ability to obtain financing on favorable terms could be adversely affected.
additionally, we have $911 million of debt as of december 31, 2015 that is exposed to changes in market interest rates within the next 12 months because of the combined impact of our tax-exempt bonds and borrowings outstanding under our $2.25 billion revolving credit facility and canadian term loan. if interest rates increase, our interest expense would also increase, lowering our net income and decreasing our cash flow.
index to financial statements we may use our $2.25 billion revolving credit facility and our c$150 million canadian revolving credit facility to meet our cash needs, to the extent available, until maturity in july 2020 and november 2017, respectively. as of december 31, 2015, we had $20 million of outstanding borrowings and $831 million of letters of credit issued and supported by the $2.25 billion revolving credit facility, leaving an unused and available credit capacity of $1,399 million, and we had no outstanding borrowings under the canadian revolving credit facility. in the event of a default under our credit facilities, we could be required to immediately repay all outstanding borrowings and make cash deposits as collateral for all obligations the facility supports, which we may not be able to do. additionally, any such default could cause a default under many of our other credit agreements and debt instruments. without waivers from lenders party to those agreements, any such default would have a material adverse effect on our ability to continue to operate.
our landfill operations emit methane, identified as a ghg. there are a number of legislative and regulatory efforts at the state, regional and federal levels to curtail the emission of ghgs to ameliorate the effect of climate change. should comprehensive federal climate change legislation be enacted, we expect it could impose costs on our operations that might not be offset by the revenue increases associated with our lower-carbon service options, the materiality of which we cannot predict. in 2010, the epa published a prevention of significant deterioration and title v greenhouse gas tailoring rule, which expanded the epa’s federal air permitting authority to include the six ghgs. the rule sets new thresholds for ghg emissions that define when clean air act permits are required. the current requirements of these rules have not significantly affected our operations or cash flows, due to the tailored thresholds and exclusions of certain emissions from regulation. however, if certain changes to these regulations were enacted, such as lowering the thresholds or the inclusion of biogenic emissions, then the amendments could have an adverse effect on our operating costs.
our operating revenues tend to be somewhat higher in summer months, primarily due to the higher volume of construction and demolition waste. the volumes of industrial and residential waste in certain regions where we operate also tend to increase during the summer months. our second and third quarter revenues and results of operations typically reflect these seasonal trends.
service disruptions caused by severe storms, extended periods of inclement weather or climate extremes resulting from climate change can significantly affect the operating results of the affected areas. on the other hand, certain destructive weather conditions that tend to occur during the second half of the year, such as the hurricanes that most often impact our operations in the southern and eastern u.s., can actually increase our revenues in the areas affected. while weather-related and other “one-time” occurrences can boost revenues through additional work for a limited time, as a result of significant start-up costs and other factors, such revenue can generate earnings at comparatively lower margins.
we could be subject to significant fines and penalties, and our reputation could be adversely affected, if our businesses, or third parties with whom we have a relationship, were to fail to comply with united states or foreign laws or regulations.
some of our projects and new business may be conducted in countries where corruption has historically been prevalent. it is our policy to comply with all applicable anti-bribery laws, such as the u.s. foreign corrupt
index to financial statements practices act, and with applicable local laws of the foreign countries in which we operate, and we monitor our local partners’ compliance with such laws as well. our reputation may be adversely affected if we were reported to be associated with corrupt practices or if we or our local partners failed to comply with such laws. such damage to our reputation could adversely affect our ability to grow our business. additionally, violations of such laws could subject us to significant fines and penalties.
currently pending or future litigation or governmental proceedings could result in material adverse consequences, including judgments or settlements.
we are involved in civil litigation in the ordinary course of our business and from time-to-time are involved in governmental proceedings relating to the conduct of our business. the timing of the final resolutions to these types of matters is often uncertain. additionally, the possible outcomes or resolutions to these matters could include adverse judgments or settlements, either of which could require substantial payments, adversely affecting our liquidity.
our implementation of and compliance with changes in accounting rules, including new accounting rules and interpretations, could adversely affect our reported financial position or operating results or cause unanticipated fluctuations in our reported operating results in future periods.
item 7.   management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
this section includes a discussion of our results of operations for the three years ended december 31, 2015. this discussion may contain forward-looking statements that anticipate results based on management’s plans that are subject to uncertainty. we discuss in more detail various factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations in item 1a. risk factors. the following discussion should be read in light of that disclosure and together with the consolidated financial statements and the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
overview our company’s goals are targeted at serving our customers, our employees, the environment, the communities in which we work and our stockholders, and achievement of our goals is intended to meet the needs of a changing industry. our company and others have recognized the value of the traditional waste stream as a potential resource. increasingly, customers want more of their waste materials recovered, while waste streams are becoming more complex, and our aim is to address, and anticipate, the current, expanding and evolving needs of our customers. accomplishment of our goals will grow our company and allow us to meet the needs of our customers and communities as they, too, think green®.
we believe we are uniquely equipped to meet the challenges of the changing waste industry and our customers’ waste management needs, both today and as we work together to envision and create a more sustainable future. as the waste industry leader, we have the expertise necessary to collect and handle our customers’ waste efficiently and responsibly by delivering environmental performance — maximizing resource value, while minimizing environmental impact — so that both our economy and our environment can thrive. drawing on our resources and experience, we also pursue projects and initiatives that benefit the waste industry, the customers and communities we serve and the environment.
we remain dedicated to providing long-term value to our stockholders by successfully executing our strategy: to know and service our customers better than anyone in our industry, to extract more value from the materials we manage, and to innovate and optimize our business. we plan to accomplish our strategic goals through competitive advantages derived from operational improvements and focused differentiation in our industry, driven by capitalizing on our extensive, well-placed network of assets. while we will continue to monitor emerging diversion technologies that may generate additional value, our current attention will be on improving existing diversion technologies, such as our recycling operations.
in pursuit of these long-term goals, we recognize that we must grow the business, and do so as efficiently and cost effectively as possible. accordingly, we are focusing on the following five key company priorities:
•   traditional waste business: continuously improve our operational performance;
•   growth: take advantage of opportunities in our current business, as well as considering attractive acquisition opportunities;
•   yield management: remain focused on price leadership while considering competitive dynamics; and
we believe that execution of our strategy through these key priorities will drive continued financial performance and leadership in a dynamic industry.
notable items of our 2015 financial results include:
•                                                revenues of $12,961 million in 2015 compared with $13,996 million in 2014, a decrease of $1,035 million. this decrease in revenues is primarily attributable to (i) divestitures, which lowered revenues by $762 million, primarily the sale of our wheelabrator business in december 2014; (ii) lower volumes, which decreased our revenues by $215 million; (iii) lower fuel surcharges and mandated fees of $171 million, primarily due to lower year-over-year average fuel prices; (iv) year-over-year
index to financial statements recyclable commodity price declines, which lowered revenues by $138 million and (v) foreign currency translation of $126 million related to our canadian operations. these decreases were partially offset by positive revenue growth from yield on our collection and disposal operations of $203 million, or 1.8%, and acquisitions, which increased revenues by $174 million, primarily due to the acquisition of deffenbaugh in march 2015;
•                    operating expenses of $8,231 million in 2015, or 63.5% of revenues, compared with $9,002 million, or 64.3% of revenues in 2014. this decrease of $771 million is primarily attributable to (i) operating costs associated with divestitures of $495 million, primarily the sale of our wheelabrator business; (ii) lower fuel costs of $187 million due to lower year-over-year average fuel prices; (iii) lower cost of goods sold of $102 million, primarily associated with lower recyclable commodity prices and (iv) lower subcontractor expenses of $70 million, primarily associated with lower volumes. these decreases were partially offset by higher transfer and disposal costs of $57 million, primarily due to incurring third party costs for services previously provided on an intercompany basis prior to the divestiture of our wheelabrator business in 2014;
•       selling, general and administrative expenses of $1,343 million in 2015, or 10.4% of revenues, compared with $1,481 million, or 10.6% of revenues, in 2014. this decrease of $138 million is attributable to
(i) savings associated with our august 2014 reorganization; (ii) divestitures, primarily the sale of our wheelabrator business; (iii) lower incentive compensation costs and (iv) lower litigation settlement costs;
•   income from operations of $2,045 million, or 15.8% of revenues, in 2015 compared with $2,299 million, or 16.4% of revenues, in 2014, a decrease of $254 million, the comparability of which was affected by asset impairments in both periods and the 2014 gain on the sale of our wheelabrator business;
•   net income attributable to waste management, inc. of $753 million, or $1.65 per diluted share, for 2015, as compared with $1,298 million, or $2.79 per diluted share, for 2014, the decrease was primarily driven by the
•   in 2015, we returned $1,295 million to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases compared with $1,293 million in 2014.
the following explanation of certain items that impacted the comparability of our 2015 results with 2014 has been provided to support investors’ understanding of our performance. our 2015 results were affected by the following:
•                     the recognition of a pre-tax loss of $555 million, primarily associated with the early extinguishment of almost $2 billion of our high-coupon senior notes through a make-whole redemption and cash tender offer. we replaced substantially all of the debt extinguished with new senior notes at significantly lower coupon interest rates, which will reduce future interest expense and extend the average maturity of our debt obligations. the charges incurred for the redemption had a negative impact of $0.75 on our diluted earnings per share;
•   the $51 million pre-tax charge associated with the withdrawal from certain underfunded multiemployer pension plans had a negative $0.07 impact on our diluted earnings per share; and
•   net pre-tax charges of $102 million resulting from impairments, restructuring and divestitures, of which $66 million related to the impairment of certain of our oil and gas producing properties. these items had a negative impact of $0.14 on our diluted earnings per share.
index to financial statements the following explanation of certain items that impacted the comparability of our 2014 results with 2013 has been provided to support investors’ understanding of our performance. our 2014 results were affected by the following:
•   the recognition of net pre-tax gains of $515 million, which includes the $519 million gain on the sale of our wheelabrator business. these items had a positive impact of $1.10 on our diluted earnings per share;
•             net income was negatively impacted by the recognition of net pre-tax charges aggregating $420 million primarily related to (i) $272 million of charges to impair our oil and gas producing properties; (ii) $69
million of charges to impair investments related to waste diversion technology companies; (iii) $31 million of litigation settlements; (iv) $10 million of goodwill impairment charges associated with our recycling operations and
(v) other charges to write down the carrying value of assets to their estimated fair values related to certain of our operations. these items had a negative impact of $0.68 on our diluted earnings per share; and
•   the recognition of pre-tax restructuring charges of $82 million, which had a negative impact of $0.11 on our diluted earnings per share.
•                   the recognition of net pre-tax charges aggregating $1.0 billion, primarily related to (i) a $483 million charge to impair goodwill associated with our wheelabrator business; (ii) $262 million of charges to impair certain landfills, primarily in our eastern canada area; (iii) $144 million of charges to write down the carrying value of three waste-to-energy facilities and (iv) $71 million of impairment charges relating to investments in waste diversion technology companies. these items had a negative impact of $1.91 on our diluted earnings per share; and
•   the recognition of pre-tax charges aggregating $23 million primarily related to our acquisitions of greenstar and rci as well as prior restructurings and other charges. these items had a negative impact of $0.03 on our diluted earnings per share.
in 2015, we generated strong earnings and cash flow growth from our solid waste business by continuing a disciplined focus on revenue growth and cost control. these results were driven by strong core pricing in each line of business; controlling costs of both our operations and corporate functions; improving customer experience by differentiating our service offerings to reduce customer churn; maintaining discipline around capital spending; and implementing a more rational and sustainable framework for recycling operations as an integrated component of solid waste services. another priority we successfully pursued in 2015 was the investment of cash proceeds from the divestiture of our wheelabrator business in late 2014 to support our strategic growth plans. in 2015, we acquired deffenbaugh disposal, inc. (“deffenbaugh”), one of the largest privately owned collection and disposal firms in the midwest. in addition, in january 2016, we completed the acquisition of southern waste systems/sun recycling in southern florida. these transactions reflect our view that we can create shareholder value by making accretive acquisitions in our solid waste business. as we look forward to 2016, our key priorities will remain the same — driving revenue growth from yield, maintaining our commitment to provide excellent customer service and improving our productivity while managing our costs. we believe that continued execution of these objectives will translate into earnings and cash flow growth, leaving us well positioned to continue investing in our business, pay dividends and repurchase shares, while continuing our commitment to maintain a strong balance sheet.
free cash flow as is our practice, we are presenting free cash flow, which is a non-gaap measure of liquidity, in our disclosures because we use this measure in the evaluation and management of our business. we define free cash flow as net cash provided by operating activities, less capital expenditures, plus proceeds from divestitures of
index to financial statements businesses and other assets (net of cash divested). we believe it is indicative of our ability to pay our quarterly dividends, repurchase common stock, fund acquisitions and other investments and, in the absence of refinancings, to repay our debt obligations. free cash flow is not intended to replace “net cash provided by operating activities,” which is the most comparable gaap measure. however, we believe free cash flow gives investors useful insight into how we view our liquidity. nevertheless, the use of free cash flow as a liquidity measure has material limitations because it excludes certain expenditures that are required or that we have committed to, such as declared dividend payments and debt service requirements.
our calculation of free cash flow and reconciliation to “net cash provided by operating activities” is shown in the table below (in millions), and may not be calculated the same as similarly-titled measures presented by other companies:
net cash provided by operating activities                                                    $2,498                   $2,331                   $2,455
capital expenditures                                                                         (1,233   )               (1,151   )               (1,271   )
proceeds from divestitures of businesses and other assets (net of cash divested)                145                    2,253                      138
when comparing our cash flows from operating activities for the year ended december 31, 2015 to the comparable period in 2014, the increase of $167 million is primarily related to (i) lower income tax payments, net of excess tax benefits associated with equity-based transactions, of $329 million in the current year; (ii) lower interest paid of $77 million in the current year and (iii) the settlement of forward-starting swap liabilities of $36 million in 2014. these increases were partially offset by (i) a decrease in cash earnings due to the sale of our wheelabrator business in 2014; (ii) multiemployer pension plan settlement payments of approximately $60 million in 2015 and (iii) higher year-over-year annual incentive plan payments of approximately $65 million. finally, we experienced unfavorable changes in our assets and liabilities, net of effects of acquisitions and divestitures, particularly non-trade related items including payroll and incentive accruals. however, we did experience continued improvement in both trade accounts receivable and accounts payable.
when comparing our cash flows from operating activities for the year ended december 31, 2014 to the comparable period in 2013, the decrease of $124 million is primarily related to higher income tax payments, net of excess tax benefits associated with equity-based transactions, of $242 million in 2014 and a payment of $36 million in 2014 to terminate our forward-starting swaps. these decreases were partially offset by higher cash earnings and favorable working capital changes.
although capital expenditures were higher in 2015 and 2013 as compared to 2014, the company continues to maintain a disciplined focus on capital management. fluctuations in our capital expenditures are a result of new business opportunities, growth in our existing business, and the timing of replacement of aging assets.
the significantly higher proceeds from divestitures of businesses and other assets (net of cash divested) for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2013 is largely driven by the 2014 sales of (i) our wheelabrator business for $1.95 billion; (ii) our investment in shanghai environment group, which was part of our wheelabrator business, for $155 million and (iii) our puerto rico operations for proceeds of $80 million, including $65 million in cash.
acquisitions deffenbaugh disposal, inc. — on march 26, 2015, we acquired deffenbaugh, one of the largest privately owned collection and disposal firms in the midwest, for total consideration of $416 million ($413 million cash),
index to financial statements inclusive of amounts for estimated working capital. deffenbaugh’s assets include five collection operations, seven transfer stations, two recycling facilities, one subtitle-d landfill, and one construction and demolition landfill.
greenstar, llc — on january 31, 2013, we paid $170 million inclusive of certain adjustments, to acquire greenstar, llc (“greenstar”). pursuant to the sale and purchase agreement, up to an additional $40 million was payable to the sellers, of which $20 million was guaranteed and paid in 2015. the remaining $20 million of this consideration was contingent based on changes in certain recyclable commodity indexes and had an estimated fair value at closing of $16 million. this contingent consideration was not earned. greenstar was an operator of recycling and resource recovery facilities. this acquisition provides the company’s customers with greater access to recycling solutions, having supplemented our extensive nationwide recycling network with the operations of one of the nation’s largest private recyclers.
rci environnement, inc. — on july 5, 2013, we paid c$509 million, or $481 million, to acquire substantially all of the assets of rci environnement, inc. (“rci”), the largest waste management company in quebec, and certain related entities. total consideration, inclusive of amounts for estimated working capital, was c$515 million, or $487 million. rci provides collection, transfer, recycling and disposal operations throughout the greater montreal area. the acquired rci operations complement and expand the company’s existing assets and operations in quebec.
divestitures wheelabrator business — on december 19, 2014, we sold our wheelabrator business to an affiliate of energy capital partners and received cash proceeds of $1.95 billion, net of cash divested, subject to certain post-closing adjustments. we recognized a gain of $519 million on this sale which is included within “(income) expense from divestitures, asset impairments (other than goodwill) and unusual items” in the consolidated statement of operations. for the year ended december 31, 2015, net adjustments to this gain were immaterial on a pre-tax basis. in conjunction with the sale, the company entered into several agreements to dispose of a minimum number of tons of waste at certain wheelabrator facilities. these agreements generally provide for fixed volume commitments with certain market price resets through 2021.
other — in addition to the divestiture of our wheelabrator business, we also divested our puerto rico operations as well as certain landfill and collection operations in our eastern canada area in 2014.
subsequent event on january 8, 2016, waste management inc. of florida, a wholly-owned subsidiary of wm, acquired certain operations and business assets of southern waste systems/sun recycling in southern florida. the acquired business assets include residential, commercial, and industrial solid waste collection, processing/recycling and transfer operations, equipment, vehicles, real estate and customer agreements. total consideration, inclusive of amounts for estimated working capital, paid at closing was $516 million and is subject to standard post-closing adjustments. the acquisition was funded primarily with borrowings under our long-term u.s. revolving credit facility (“$2.25 billion revolving credit facility”).
basis of presentation of consolidated financial information deferred income taxes — in november 2015, the financial accounting standards board (“fasb”) amended authoritative guidance associated with deferred income taxes. to simplify the presentation of deferred income taxes, the amended guidance requires that deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in
index to financial statements the statement of financial position. this eliminates the guidance to separate deferred income tax liabilities and assets into current and noncurrent amounts in the statement of financial position. the amendments to the authoritative guidance associated with deferred income taxes were effective for the company on january 1, 2016; however, early adoption was permitted. the company’s early adoption of this guidance in 2015 was applied retrospectively and did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
critical accounting estimates and assumptions in preparing our financial statements, we make numerous estimates and assumptions that affect the accounting for and recognition and disclosure of assets, liabilities, equity, revenues and expenses. we must make these estimates and assumptions because certain information that we use is dependent on future events, cannot be calculated with precision from available data or simply cannot be calculated. in some cases, these estimates are difficult to determine, and we must exercise significant judgment. in preparing our financial statements, the most difficult, subjective and complex estimates and the assumptions that present the greatest amount of uncertainty relate to our accounting for landfills, environmental remediation liabilities, asset impairments, deferred income taxes and reserves associated with our insured and self-insured claims. each of these items is discussed in additional detail below. actual results could differ materially from the estimates and assumptions that we use in the preparation of our financial statements.
landfills accounting for landfills requires that significant estimates and assumptions be made regarding (i) the cost to construct and develop each landfill asset; (ii) the estimated fair value of final capping, closure and post-closure asset retirement obligations, which must consider both the expected cost and timing of these activities; (iii) the determination of each landfill’s remaining permitted and expansion airspace and (iv) the airspace associated with each final capping event.
landfill costs — we estimate the total cost to develop each of our landfill sites to its remaining permitted and expansion capacity. this estimate includes such costs as landfill liner material and installation, excavation for airspace, landfill leachate collection systems, landfill gas collection systems, environmental monitoring equipment for groundwater and landfill gas, directly related engineering, capitalized interest, on-site road construction and other capital infrastructure costs. additionally, landfill development includes all land purchases for the landfill footprint and required landfill buffer property. the projection of these landfill costs is dependent, in part, on future events. the remaining amortizable basis of each landfill includes costs to develop a site to its remaining permitted and expansion capacity and includes amounts previously expended and capitalized, net of accumulated airspace amortization, and projections of future purchase and development costs.
final capping costs — we estimate the cost for each final capping event based on the area to be finally capped and the capping materials and activities required. the estimates also consider when these costs are anticipated to be paid and factor in inflation and discount rates. our engineering personnel allocate landfill final capping costs to specific final capping events. the landfill capacity associated with each final capping event is then quantified and the final capping costs for each event are amortized over the related capacity associated with the event as waste is disposed of at the landfill. we review these costs annually, or more often if significant facts change. changes in estimates, such as timing or cost of construction, for final capping events immediately impact the required liability and the corresponding asset. when the change in estimate relates to a fully consumed asset, the adjustment to the asset must be amortized immediately through expense. when the change in estimate relates to a final capping event that has not been fully consumed, the adjustment to the asset is recognized in income prospectively as a component of landfill airspace amortization.
closure and post-closure costs — we base our estimates for closure and post-closure costs on our interpretations of permit and regulatory requirements for closure and post-closure monitoring and maintenance. the estimates for landfill closure and post-closure costs also consider when the costs are anticipated to be paid
index to financial statements and factor in inflation and discount rates. the possibility of changing legal and regulatory requirements and the forward-looking nature of these types of costs make any estimation or assumption less certain. changes in estimates for closure and post-closure events immediately impact the required liability and the corresponding asset. when the change in estimate relates to a fully consumed asset, the adjustment to the asset must be amortized immediately through expense. when the change in estimate relates to a landfill asset that has not been fully consumed, the adjustment to the asset is recognized in income prospectively as a component of landfill airspace amortization.
remaining permitted airspace — our engineers, in consultation with third-party engineering consultants and surveyors, are responsible for determining remaining permitted airspace at our landfills. the remaining permitted airspace is determined by an annual survey, which is used to compare the existing landfill topography to the expected final landfill topography.
expansion airspace — we also include currently unpermitted expansion airspace in our estimate of remaining permitted and expansion airspace in certain circumstances. first, to include airspace associated with an expansion effort, we must generally expect the initial expansion permit application to be submitted within one year, and the final expansion permit to be received within five years. second, we must believe that obtaining the expansion permit is likely, considering the following criteria:
•   there are no significant known technical, legal, community, business, or political restrictions or similar issues that could negatively affect the success of such expansion; and
•   financial analysis has been completed based on conceptual design, and the results demonstrate that the expansion meets company criteria for investment.
for unpermitted airspace to be initially included in our estimate of remaining permitted and expansion airspace, the expansion effort must meet all of the criteria listed above. these criteria are evaluated by our field-based engineers, accountants, managers and others to identify potential obstacles to obtaining the permits. once the unpermitted airspace is included, our policy provides that airspace may continue to be included in remaining permitted and expansion airspace even if certain of these criteria are no longer met as long as we continue to believe we will ultimately obtain the permit, based on the facts and circumstances of a specific landfill. in these circumstances, continued inclusion must be approved through a landfill-specific review process that includes approval by our chief financial officer and a review by the audit committee of our board of directors on a quarterly basis. of the 21 landfill sites with expansions included at december 31, 2015, three landfills required the chief financial officer to approve the inclusion of the unpermitted airspace. one landfill required approval by our chief financial officer because of community or political opposition that could impede the expansion process. the remaining two landfills required approval because the permit application process did not meet the one- or five-year requirements.
when we include the expansion airspace in our calculations of remaining permitted and expansion airspace, we also include the projected costs for development, as well as the projected asset retirement costs related to final capping, closure and post-closure of the expansion in the amortization basis of the landfill.
once the remaining permitted and expansion airspace is determined in cubic yards, an airspace utilization factor (“auf”) is established to calculate the remaining permitted and expansion capacity in tons. the auf is established using the measured density obtained from previous annual surveys and is then adjusted to account for future settlement. the amount of settlement that is forecasted will take into account several site-specific factors including current and projected mix of waste type, initial and projected waste density, estimated number of years of life remaining, depth of underlying waste, anticipated access to moisture through precipitation or recirculation
index to financial statements of landfill leachate, and operating practices. in addition, the initial selection of the auf is subject to a subsequent multi-level review by our engineering group, and the auf used is reviewed on a periodic basis and revised as necessary. our historical experience generally indicates that the impact of settlement at a landfill is greater later in the life of the landfill when the waste placed at the landfill approaches its highest point under the permit requirements.
after determining the costs and remaining permitted and expansion capacity at each of our landfills, we determine the per ton rates that will be expensed as waste is received and deposited at the landfill by dividing the costs by the corresponding number of tons. we calculate per ton amortization rates for each landfill for assets associated with each final capping event, for assets related to closure and post-closure activities and for all other costs capitalized or to be capitalized in the future. these rates per ton are updated annually, or more often, as significant facts change.
it is possible that actual results, including the amount of costs incurred, the timing of final capping, closure and post-closure activities, our airspace utilization or the success of our expansion efforts could ultimately turn out to be significantly different from our estimates and assumptions. to the extent that such estimates, or related assumptions, prove to be significantly different than actual results, lower profitability may be experienced due to higher amortization rates or higher expenses; or higher profitability may result if the opposite occurs. most significantly, if it is determined that expansion capacity should no longer be considered in calculating the recoverability of a landfill asset, we may be required to recognize an asset impairment or incur significantly higher amortization expense. if at any time management makes the decision to abandon the expansion effort, the capitalized costs related to the expansion effort are expensed immediately.
environmental remediation liabilities we are subject to an array of laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment. under current laws and regulations, we may have liabilities for environmental damage caused by operations, or for damage caused by conditions that existed before we acquired a site. these liabilities include potentially responsible party (“prp”) investigations, settlements, and certain legal and consultant fees, as well as costs directly associated with site investigation and clean up, such as materials, external contractor costs and incremental internal costs directly related to the remedy. we provide for expenses associated with environmental remediation obligations when such amounts are probable and can be reasonably estimated. we routinely review and evaluate sites that require remediation and determine our estimated cost for the likely remedy based on a number of estimates and assumptions.
where it is probable that a liability has been incurred, we estimate costs required to remediate sites based on site-specific facts and circumstances. we routinely review and evaluate sites that require remediation, considering whether we were an owner, operator, transporter, or generator at the site, the amount and type of waste hauled to the site and the number of years we were associated with the site. next, we review the same type of information with respect to other named and unnamed prps. estimates of the costs for the likely remedy are then either developed using our internal resources or by third-party environmental engineers or other service providers. internally developed estimates are based on:
•   management’s judgment and experience in remediating our own and unrelated parties’ sites;
•   the number, financial resources and relative degree of responsibility of other prps who may be liable for remediation of a specific site; and
index to financial statements asset impairments our long-lived assets, including landfills and landfill expansions, are carried on our financial statements based on their cost less accumulated depreciation or amortization. we monitor the carrying value of our long-lived assets for potential impairment on an ongoing basis and test the recoverability of such assets using significant unobservable (“level 3”) inputs whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. these events or changes in circumstances, including management decisions pertaining to such assets, are referred to as impairment indicators. if an impairment indicator occurs, we perform a test of recoverability by comparing the carrying value of the asset or asset group to its undiscounted expected future cash flows. if cash flows cannot be separately and independently identified for a single asset, we will determine whether an impairment has occurred for the group of assets for which we can identify the projected cash flows. if the carrying values are in excess of undiscounted expected future cash flows, we measure any impairment by comparing the fair value of the asset or asset group to its carrying value. fair value is generally determined by considering (i) internally developed discounted projected cash flow analysis of the asset or asset group; (ii) actual third-party valuations and/or (iii) information available regarding the current market for similar assets. if the fair value of an asset or asset group is determined to be less than the carrying amount of the asset or asset group, an impairment in the amount of the difference is recorded in the period that the impairment indicator occurs and is included in the and “(income) expense from divestitures, asset impairments (other than goodwill) and unusual items” line item in our consolidated statement of operations. estimating future cash flows requires significant judgment and projections may vary from the cash flows eventually realized, which could impact our ability to accurately assess whether an asset has been impaired.
there are additional considerations for impairments of landfills, goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets, as described below.
landfills — the assessment of impairment indicators and the recoverability of our capitalized costs associated with landfills and related expansion projects require significant judgment due to the unique nature of the waste industry, the highly regulated permitting process and the sensitive estimates involved. during the review of a landfill expansion application, a regulator may initially deny the expansion application although the expansion permit is ultimately granted. in addition, management may periodically divert waste from one landfill to another to conserve remaining permitted landfill airspace, or a landfill may be required to cease accepting waste, prior to receipt of the expansion permit. however, such events occur in the ordinary course of business in the waste industry and do not necessarily result in impairment of our landfill assets because, after consideration of all facts, such events may not affect our belief that we will ultimately obtain the expansion permit. as a result, our tests of recoverability, which generally make use of a probability-weighted cash flow estimation approach, may indicate that no impairment loss should be recorded. see item 7. management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations — critical accounting estimates and assumptions — expansion airspace above for discussion of criteria involved in assessing our likelihood of obtaining an expansion permit. during the year ended december 31, 2013, we recognized $262 million of charges to impair certain of our landfills, primarily as a result of our consideration of management’s decision in the fourth quarter of 2013 not to actively pursue expansion and/or development of such landfills. these charges were primarily associated with two landfills in our eastern canada area, which are no longer accepting waste. we had previously concluded that receipt of permits for these landfills was probable. however, in connection with our asset rationalization and capital allocation analysis, which was influenced, in part, by our acquisition of rci, we determined that the future costs to construct these landfills could be avoided as we are able to allocate disposal that would have gone to these landfills to other facilities and not materially impact operations. as a result of management’s decision, we determined that the carrying values of landfill assets were no longer able to be recovered by the undiscounted cash flows attributable to these assets. as such, we wrote their carrying values down to their estimated fair values using a market approach considering the highest and best use of the assets.
index to financial statements we assess whether a goodwill impairment exists using both qualitative and quantitative assessments. our qualitative assessment involves determining whether events or circumstances exist that indicate it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, including goodwill. if based on this qualitative assessment we determine it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, we will not perform a quantitative assessment.
if the qualitative assessment indicates that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount or if we elect not to perform a qualitative assessment, we perform a quantitative assessment, or two-step impairment test, to determine whether a goodwill impairment exists at the reporting unit. the first step in our quantitative assessment identifies potential impairments by comparing the estimated fair value of the reporting unit to its carrying value, including goodwill. if the carrying value exceeds estimated fair value, there is an indication of potential impairment and the second step is performed to measure the amount of impairment. fair value is typically estimated using a combination of the income approach and market approach or only an income approach when applicable. the income approach is based on the long-term projected future cash flows of the reporting units. we discount the estimated cash flows to present value using a weighted average cost of capital that considers factors such as market assumptions, the timing of the cash flows and the risks inherent in those cash flows. we believe that this approach is appropriate because it provides a fair value estimate based upon the reporting units’ expected long-term performance considering the economic and market conditions that generally affect our business. the market approach estimates fair value by measuring the aggregate market value of publicly-traded companies with similar characteristics to our business as a multiple of their reported cash flows. we then apply that multiple to the reporting units’ cash flows to estimate their fair values. we believe that this approach is appropriate because it provides a fair value estimate using valuation inputs from entities with operations and economic characteristics comparable to our reporting units.
fair value computed by these two methods is arrived at using a number of factors, including projected future operating results, economic projections, anticipated future cash flows, comparable marketplace data and the cost of capital. there are inherent uncertainties related to these factors and to our judgment in applying them to this analysis. however, we believe that these two methods provide a reasonable approach to estimating the fair value of our reporting units.
during our annual 2013 impairment test of our goodwill balances we determined the fair value of our wheelabrator business had declined and the associated goodwill was impaired. as a result, we recognized an impairment charge of $483 million, which had no related tax benefit. we estimated the implied fair value of our wheelabrator reporting unit goodwill using a combination of income and market approaches. because the annual impairment test indicated that wheelabrator’s carrying value exceeded its estimated fair value, we performed the “step two” analysis. in the “step two” analysis, the fair values of all assets and liabilities were estimated, including tangible assets, power contracts, customer relationships and trade name for the purpose of deriving an estimate of the implied fair value of goodwill. the implied fair value of goodwill was then compared to the carrying amount of goodwill to determine the amount of the impairment. the factors contributing to the $483 million goodwill impairment charge principally related to the continued challenging business environment in areas of the country in which wheelabrator operated, characterized by lower available disposal volumes (which impact disposal rates and overall disposal revenue, as well as the amount of electricity wheelabrator was able to generate), lower electricity pricing due to the pricing pressure created by availability of natural gas and increased operating costs as wheelabrator’s facilities aged. these factors caused us to lower prior assumptions for electricity and disposal revenue, and increase assumed operating costs. additionally, the discount factor previously utilized in the income approach in 2013 increased mainly due to increases in interest rates. in 2013, we also incurred $10 million of charges to impair goodwill associated with our puerto rico operations. in 2014, we recognized $10 million of goodwill impairment charges associated with our recycling operations.
see item 7. management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations — goodwill impairments and (income) expense from divestitures, asset impairments (other than goodwill) and unusual items and note 13 to the consolidated financial statements for information related to goodwill impairments recognized during the reported periods.
index to financial statements indefinite-lived intangible assets other than goodwill — at least annually, and more frequently if warranted, we assess indefinite-lived intangible assets other than goodwill for impairment.
when performing the impairment test for indefinite-lived intangible assets, we generally first conduct a qualitative analysis to determine whether we believe it is more likely than not that an asset has been impaired. if we believe an impairment has occurred, we then evaluate for impairment by comparing the estimated fair value of assets to the carrying value. an impairment charge is recognized if the asset’s estimated fair value is less than its carrying value.
fair value is typically estimated using an income approach. the income approach is based on the long-term projected future cash flows. we discount the estimated cash flows to present value using a weighted average cost of capital that considers factors such as market assumptions, the timing of the cash flows and the risks inherent in those cash flows. we believe that this approach is appropriate because it provides a fair value estimate based upon the expected long-term performance considering the economic and market conditions that generally affect our business.
fair value computed by this method is arrived at using a number of factors, including projected future operating results, economic projections, anticipated future cash flows, comparable marketplace data and the cost of capital. there are inherent uncertainties related to these factors and to our judgment in applying them to this analysis. however, we believe that this method provides a reasonable approach to estimating the fair value of the reporting units.
deferred income taxes deferred income taxes are based on the difference between the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities. the deferred income tax provision represents the change during the reporting period in the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities, net of the effect of acquisitions and dispositions. deferred tax assets include tax loss and credit carry-forwards and are reduced by a valuation allowance if, based on available evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. significant judgment is required in assessing the timing and amounts of deductible and taxable items. we establish reserves for uncertain tax positions when, despite our belief that our tax return positions are fully supportable, we believe that certain positions may be challenged and potentially disallowed. when facts and circumstances change, we adjust these reserves through our provision for income taxes. should interest and penalties be assessed by taxing authorities on any underpayment of income tax, such amounts would be accrued and classified as a component of income tax expense in our consolidated statements of operations.
insured and self-insured claims we have retained a significant portion of the risks related to our health and welfare, automobile, general liability and workers’ compensation claims programs. the exposure for unpaid claims and associated expenses, including incurred but not reported losses, are based on an actuarial valuation and internal estimates. the accruals for these liabilities could be revised if future occurrences or loss development significantly differ from our assumptions used. estimated recoveries associated with our insured claims are recorded as assets when we believe that the receipt of such amounts is probable.
index to financial statements results of operations operating revenues our operating revenues set forth below have generally come from fees charged for our collection, disposal, transfer, recycling and resource recovery, and from sales of commodities by our recycling and landfill gas-to-energy operations. revenues from our collection operations are influenced by factors such as collection frequency, type of collection equipment furnished, type and volume or weight of the waste collected, distance to the disposal facility or mrf and our disposal costs. revenues from our landfill operations consist of tipping fees, which are generally based on the type and weight or volume of waste being disposed of at our disposal facilities. fees charged at transfer stations are generally based on the weight or volume of waste deposited, taking into account our cost of loading, transporting and disposing of the solid waste at a disposal site. recycling revenue generally consists of tipping fees and the sale of recyclable commodities to third parties. the fees we charge for our collection, disposal, transfer and recycling services generally include fuel surcharges, which are indexed to current market costs for diesel fuel. our divested wheelabrator business provided waste-to-energy services and managed waste-to-energy facilities and independent power production plants. we also provide additional services that are not managed through our solid waste business, including strategic business solutions (“wmsbs”), energy and environmental services, recycling brokerage services, landfill gas-to-energy services, and expanded service offerings and solutions. in addition, we offer portable self-storage and long distance moving services through a joint venture; fluorescent bulb and universal waste mail-back through our lamptracker® program; portable restroom servicing under the name port-o-let® and street and parking lot sweeping services. in addition, we hold interests in oil and gas producing properties. these operations are presented as “other” in the table below. the following table summarizes revenues during each period (in millions):
index to financial statements the following table provides details associated with the period-to-period change in revenues (dollars in millions) along with an explanation of the significant components of the current period changes:
acquisitions                        174                    1.3                         124                       0.9
subtotal (excluding divestitures)         (273   )                  (2.1   )%          103                       0.7   %
divestitures                              (762   )                                     (90   )
(a)   calculated by dividing the amount of current year increase or decrease by the prior year’s total company revenue adjusted to exclude the impacts of current year divestitures ($13,234 million and $13,893 million for
(b)                    the amounts reported herein represent the changes in our revenue attributable to average yield for the total company. we also analyze the changes in average yield in terms of related-business revenues in order to differentiate the changes in yield attributable to our pricing strategies from the changes that are caused by market-driven price changes in commodities. the following table summarizes changes in revenues from average yield on a related-business basis (dollars in millions):
recycling commodities                     (138   )                 (10.4   )         (53   )                  (3.7   )
electricity                               —                            —              21                       7.9
(i)   calculated by dividing the increase or decrease for the current year by the prior year’s related business revenue, adjusted to exclude the impacts of divestitures for the current year. the table below summarizes the related business revenues for each year, adjusted to exclude the impacts of divestitures (in millions):
recycling commodities                         1,331                 1,431
electricity                                       —                   266
index to financial statements our revenues decreased $1,035 million, or 7.4%, for the year ended december 31, 2015. our revenue decline was driven by (i) divestitures in 2014, principally our wheelabrator business in december 2014, our puerto rico operations in the second quarter of 2014, and certain landfill and collection operations in our eastern canada area in the third quarter of 2014; (ii) lower volumes; (iii) lower revenues from our fuel surcharge program due to declining fuel costs; (iv) lower recyclable commodity prices and (v) foreign currency translation, which affects revenues from our canadian operations. partially offsetting these revenue declines were (i) revenue growth from yield on our collection and disposal operations and (ii) revenue from acquired operations, primarily the deffenbaugh acquisition in march 2015.
our revenues increased $13 million, or 0.1%, for the year ended december 31, 2014, driven by (i) revenue growth from yield on our collection and disposal operations; (ii) revenue from acquired operations, particularly the rci operations acquired in july 2013 and (iii) fluctuations in electricity prices at wheelabrator’s merchant waste-to-energy facilities that favorably affected revenues. offsetting these revenue increases were (i) revenue declines due to lower volumes; (ii) divestitures in 2014, primarily our puerto rico operations, our wheelabrator business and certain landfill and collection operations in our eastern canada area; (iii) foreign currency translation and (iv) revenue declines resulting from lower recyclable commodity prices.
the following provides further details associated with our period-to-period change in revenues.
average yield collection and disposal average yield — this measure reflects the effect on our revenue from the pricing activities of our collection, transfer and landfill operations, exclusive of volume changes. revenue growth from collection and disposal average yield includes not only base rate changes and environmental and service fee increases, but also (i) certain average price changes related to the overall mix of services, which are due to the types of services provided; (ii) changes in average price from new and lost business and (iii) price decreases to retain customers.
our year-over-year yield growth was driven largely by our continued focus on our pricing strategy with lower rollbacks and improved new business pricing. we experienced growth in all three of our principal collection lines of business in both 2015 and 2014. the details are as follows (dollars in millions):
•            a fee instituted to help us recover a portion of the significant regulatory costs and fees, such as host fees and disposal taxes, which are not recouped by our pricing programs. revenues generated from this fee are approximately $113 million, $97 million and $43 million for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively, principally in our collection business, with the most significant impact in our commercial line of business.
•                    our 2014 revenue growth from yield in our industrial line of business was aided by the expansion of our oilfield services business. these services typically have higher average rates due to extended transportation distances, special waste handling costs and higher disposal costs as compared with our other industrial business. however, in 2015, reduced drilling and auxiliary activities due to the continued decline in oil and gas prices negatively affected our oilfield services business, which in turn affected our revenue growth in our industrial line of business.
recycling commodities — the continuing declines in recycling commodities prices resulted in revenue declines of $138 million and $53 million for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, compared with the prior year.
fuel surcharges and mandated fees — these revenues, which are predominantly generated by our fuel surcharge program, decreased $171 million and $2 million for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. these revenues fluctuate in response to changes in the national average prices for diesel fuel on which our surcharge is based. we experienced a dramatic fuel price decline of approximately 30% in 2015 versus the 2.4% fuel price decline in 2014, which caused a much more significant decline in our fuel surcharge revenues in the current year. the mandated fees included in this line item are primarily related to pass-through fees and taxes assessed by various state, county and municipal government agencies at our landfills and transfer stations.
volume — declines in our volumes caused our revenue to decrease $215 million, or 1.6%, and $188 million, or 1.4%, for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, as compared with the prior year.
operating expenses our operating expenses are comprised of (i) labor and related benefits (excluding labor costs associated with maintenance and repairs discussed below), which include salaries and wages, bonuses, related payroll taxes, insurance and benefits costs and the costs associated with contract labor; (ii) transfer and disposal costs, which include tipping fees paid to third-party disposal facilities and transfer stations; (iii) maintenance and repairs relating to equipment, vehicles and facilities and related labor costs; (iv) subcontractor costs, which include the costs of independent haulers who transport waste collected by us to disposal facilities and are affected by variables such as volumes, distance and fuel prices; (v) costs of goods sold, which are primarily rebates paid to suppliers associated with recycling commodities; (vi) fuel costs, which represent the costs of fuel and oil to operate our truck fleet and landfill operating equipment; (vii) disposal and franchise fees and taxes, which include landfill taxes, municipal franchise fees, host community fees, contingent landfill lease payments and royalties; (viii) landfill operating costs, which include interest accretion on landfill liabilities, interest accretion on and discount rate adjustments to environmental remediation liabilities and recovery assets, leachate and methane collection and treatment, landfill remediation costs and other landfill site costs; (ix) risk management costs, which include auto liability, workers’ compensation, general liability and insurance and claim costs and (x) other operating costs, which include telecommunications, equipment and facility rent, property taxes, utilities and supplies.
our operating expenses decreased $771 million, or 8.6%, when comparing 2015 with 2014 and decreased $110 million, or 1.2%, when comparing 2014 with 2013. operating expenses as a percentage of revenues were 63.5% in 2015, 64.3% in 2014, and 65.2% in 2013.
index to financial statements the following table summarizes the major components of our operating expenses, including the impact of foreign currency translation, for the years ended december 31 (dollars in millions), with significant changes in our operating expenses discussed below:
change                                                    change labor and related benefits                       $2,381   $(71        )               (2.9   )%            $2,452   $(54       )               (2.2   )%            $2,506
divestitures — during 2014, we divested our wheelabrator business, our puerto rico operations, and certain landfill and collection operations in our eastern canada area. the following table lists the operating expense categories in which these divestitures have had a material impact (in millions):
labor and related benefits                    88                    15
in addition to the impact of divestitures noted above, other significant items by category of expense include:
labor and related benefits — the following significant items affected the comparability of expenses for the periods presented:
•   the recognition of $51 million of net charges in 2015 associated with the withdrawal from certain underfunded multiemployer pension plans;
•   higher wages due to merit increases effective in the second quarters of 2014 and 2015;
•   additional costs associated with the acquired operations of deffenbaugh in 2015;
transfer and disposal costs — the increase in transfer and disposal costs in 2015 compared to the prior year was primarily due to incurring third party costs for services previously provided on an intercompany basis prior to the divestiture of our wheelabrator business in december 2014. these cost increases were offset, in part, by
index to financial statements the reduction in costs due to the divestitures, as discussed above. the decrease in costs in 2014 were driven in part by lower volumes in the collection and recycling lines of business.
maintenance and repairs — the decrease in maintenance and repairs in 2015 was largely driven by the divestiture of wheelabrator, which was partially offset by the increased costs related to the deffenbaugh acquisition.
subcontractor costs — the following significant items affected the comparability of expenses for the periods presented:
•   decreased costs associated with lower costs in the landfill and recycling businesses in 2015;
cost of goods sold — the reduction in costs is primarily driven by lower recycling rebates due to (i) lower commodity prices; (ii) increased efforts to reduce controllable recycling rebates paid to customers; (iii) better alignment of rebate structures with commodity prices for new recycling contracts and (iv) ongoing recycling business improvement efforts around inbound quality control. these cost reductions were offset, in part, by increased costs in our remediation business and increased costs in 2014 related to our portable self-storage service.
fuel — the decrease in fuel expense in 2015 and 2014 when compared to the prior periods was driven by (i) lower fuel prices; (ii) lower fuel purchases due to reduced collection volumes; (iii) lower costs resulting from the conversion of our fleet to natural gas vehicles and (iv) year-over-year increases in natural gas fuel excise credits.
disposal and franchise fees and taxes — significant items affecting the comparability of expenses for the periods presented include (i) increased disposal fees and taxes due to higher landfill volumes; (ii) decreased costs due to divestitures and (iii) a disposal surcharge in 2013.
landfill operating costs — significant items affecting the comparability of expenses for the periods presented include (i) unfavorable adjustments in 2014 as well as favorable adjustments in 2013 related to changes in u.s. treasury rates used to discount the present value of our environmental remediation obligations and recovery assets and (ii) higher leachate costs for all comparable periods.
risk management — the decrease in costs in 2014 was primarily due to lower auto and general liability claims and, to a lesser extent, decreased workers’ compensation claims.
selling, general and administrative our selling, general and administrative expenses consist of (i) labor and related benefit costs, which include salaries, bonuses, related insurance and benefits, contract labor, payroll taxes and equity-based compensation; (ii) professional fees, which include fees for consulting, legal, audit and tax services; (iii) provision for bad debts, which includes allowances for uncollectible customer accounts and collection fees and (iv) other selling, general and administrative expenses, which include, among other costs, facility-related expenses, voice and data telecommunication, advertising, travel and entertainment, rentals, postage and printing. in addition, the financial impacts of litigation settlements generally are included in our “other” selling, general and administrative expenses.
our selling, general and administrative expenses decreased $138 million, or 9.3%, when comparing 2015 with 2014 and increased $13 million, or 0.9%, when comparing 2014 with 2013. our selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenues were 10.4% in 2015, 10.6% in 2014 and 10.5% in 2013.
period                                                                 period change                                                                 change labor and related benefits            $874   $(59       )            (6.3   )%            $933       $2                0.2   %            $931
our 2014 divestitures, primarily the sale of our wheelabrator business in december 2014, favorably affected all cost categories when comparing expenses in 2015 to 2014. in addition to the impact of divestitures, other significant items by category of expense include:
labor and related benefits — factors affecting the year-over-year changes in our labor and related benefits costs include:
•   merit increases in both 2015 and 2014.
other — changes in our other expenses are a result of higher litigation settlement costs in 2014 and our continued focus on controlling costs.
depreciation and amortization depreciation and amortization includes (i) depreciation of property and equipment, including assets recorded for capital leases, on a straight-line basis from three to 40 years; (ii) amortization of landfill costs, including those incurred and all estimated future costs for landfill development, construction and asset retirement costs arising from closure and post-closure, on a units-of-consumption method as landfill airspace is consumed over the total estimated remaining capacity of a site, which includes both permitted capacity and expansion capacity that meets our company-specific criteria for amortization purposes; (iii) amortization of landfill asset retirement costs arising from final capping obligations on a units-of-consumption method as airspace is consumed over the estimated capacity associated with each final capping event and (iv) amortization of intangible assets with a definite life, using either a 150% declining balance approach or a straight-line basis over the definitive terms of the related agreements, which are generally from two to 15 years depending on the type of asset.
index to financial statements the decrease in depreciation of tangible property and equipment during 2015 is primarily due to the december 2014 sale of our wheelabrator business as discussed further in note 19 to the consolidated financial statements. the increase in amortization of landfill airspace during 2015 is primarily due to increased volumes, a portion of which relates to the acquisition of deffenbaugh. this increase was partially offset by favorable adjustments resulting from changes in landfill estimates. the decrease in depreciation and amortization expense during 2014 is primarily attributable to favorable adjustments resulting from changes in landfill estimates and fixed asset depreciation that was suspended when our wheelabrator business was classified as held-for-sale in the third quarter of 2014 and subsequently sold in december 2014.
restructuring during the year ended december 31, 2015, we recognized $15 million of pre-tax restructuring charges, of which $10 million was related to employee severance and benefit costs, including costs associated with the loss of a municipal contract in our eastern canada area and our acquisition of deffenbaugh. the remaining charges were primarily related to operating lease obligations for property that will no longer be utilized.
in august 2014, we announced a consolidation and realignment of several corporate functions to better support achievement of the company’s strategic goals, including cost reduction. voluntary separation arrangements were offered to all salaried employees within these organizations. approximately 650 employees separated from our corporate and recycling organizations in connection with this restructuring. during the year ended december 31, 2014, we recognized a total of $82 million of pre-tax restructuring charges, of which $70 million was related to employee severance and benefit costs. the remaining charges were primarily related to operating lease obligations for property that will no longer be utilized.
during the year ended december 31, 2013, we recognized a total of $18 million of pre-tax restructuring charges, of which $7 million was related to employee severance and benefit costs, including costs associated with our acquisitions of greenstar and rci and our prior restructurings. the remaining charges were primarily related to operating lease obligations for property that will no longer be utilized.
goodwill impairments during the year ended december 31, 2014, we recognized $10 million of goodwill impairment charges associated with our recycling operations. during the year ended december 31, 2013, we recognized $509 million of goodwill impairment charges, primarily related to (i) $483 million associated with our wheelabrator business; (ii) $10 million associated with our puerto rico operations and (iii) $9 million associated with a majority-owned waste diversion technology company. see item 7. management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations — critical accounting estimates and assumptions — asset impairments and note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information related to these impairment charges as well as the accounting policy and analysis involved in identifying and calculating impairments.
(income) expense from divestitures, asset impairments (other than goodwill) and unusual items the following table summarizes the major components of “(income) expense from divestitures, asset impairments (other than goodwill) and unusual items” for the year ended december 31 for the respective periods (in millions):
(income) expense from divestitures                $(7   )         $(515     )             $(8   )
index to financial statements during the year ended december 31, 2015, we recognized net charges of $82 million, primarily related to $66 million of charges to impair certain of our oil and gas producing properties, as a result of the continued decline in oil and gas prices. we wrote down the carrying value of these properties to their estimated fair value using an income approach. at december 31, 2015, our remaining book value in these investments was $30 million. we also recognized $18 million of charges to write down or divest of certain assets in our recycling operations and a $5 million impairment of a landfill in our western canada area due to revised post-closure cost estimates. partially offsetting these charges was $7 million in net gains from divestitures, including a $6 million gain on the sale of an oil and gas producing property in the second quarter of 2015.
•                          divestitures — we recognized net gains of $515 million, primarily as a result of a $519 million gain on the sale of our wheelabrator business and an $18 million gain on the sale of certain landfill and collection operations in our eastern canada area. partially offsetting these gains was a $25 million loss on the divestiture of our puerto rico operations. refer to note 19 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information related to our divestitures.
•   other impairments — we recognized additional impairment charges of $73 million to write down assets in our waste diversion technology, renewable energy, recycling and medical waste operations.
•                           landfill impairments — we recognized $262 million of charges to impair certain of our landfills, primarily as a result of our consideration of management’s decision in the fourth quarter of 2013 not to actively pursue expansion and/or development of such landfills. these charges were primarily associated with two landfills in our eastern canada area, which are no longer accepting waste. we had previously concluded that receipt of permits for these landfills was probable. however, in connection with our asset rationalization and capital allocation analysis, which was influenced, in part, by our acquisition of rci, we determined that the future costs to construct these landfills could be avoided as we are able to allocate disposal that would have gone to these landfills to other facilities and not materially impact operations. as a result of management’s decision, we determined that the landfill assets were no longer able to be recovered by the undiscounted cash flows attributable to these assets. as such, we wrote them down to their estimated fair values using a market approach considering the highest and best use of the assets.
•                           waste-to-energy impairments — we recognized $144 million of impairment charges relating to three waste-to-energy facilities, primarily as a result of closure or anticipated closure due to continued difficulty securing sufficient volumes to operate the plants at capacity and the prospect of additional capacity entering the market where the largest facility is located. we wrote down the carrying value of our facilities to their estimated fair value using a market approach.
•   other impairments — the remainder of our 2013 charges were attributable to (i) $31 million of charges to impair various recycling assets; (ii) $20 million of charges to write down assets related to a majority-owned waste diversion technology company and (iii) a $15 million charge to write down the carrying value of an oil and gas property to its estimated fair value.
•   divestitures — partially offsetting these charges were $8 million of net gains on divestitures.
index to financial statements see item 7. management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations —critical accounting estimates and assumptions — asset impairments for additional information related to the accounting policy and analysis involved in identifying and calculating impairments.
in addition to the impairments discussed above, we are continuing to evaluate opportunities associated with the sale or discontinued use of assets that may no longer meet our strategic objectives or are underperforming. accordingly, it is possible that additional charges may be recorded as assets are sold or become held-for-sale.
solid waste — the most significant items affecting the results of operations of our solid waste business during the three years ended december 31, 2015 are summarized below:
•   our traditional solid waste business benefited from internal revenue growth and the impact of lower fuel prices.
•               our recycling business has been negatively affected by lower market prices for recycling commodities and lower volumes. in 2014, these unfavorable drivers were offset by (i) increased efforts to reduce controllable recycling rebates paid to customers; (ii) better alignment of rebate structures to commodity prices for new recycling contracts and (iii) ongoing business improvement efforts around inbound quality control. in 2015, these benefits offset, in part, the impact of lower market prices, lower volumes, and impairment charges related to various recycling assets due to continued declines in commodity prices.
in addition, the following items affected comparability of 2015 to 2014 within specific segments:
•   we recognized $51 million of net charges associated with the withdrawal from certain underfunded multiemployer pension plans in 2015 impacting all three tiers;
•   the unfavorable impact on our oilfield services business, primarily in tier 2, of reduced drilling and auxiliary activities as a result of declining oil and gas prices; and
index to financial statements in addition, the following items affected comparability of 2014 to 2013 within specific segments:
•   net charges of $279 million, primarily related to impairments recognized in 2013. the most significant impairment charges were in our eastern canada area, which is included in tier 2, and were associated with the impairment of certain landfills as discussed above in (income) expense from divestitures, asset impairments (other than goodwill) and unusual items;
•   the accretive benefits of the rci operations acquired in july 2013, which are included in tier 2;
•   the gain on the sale of a vacant facility in 2014, which was included in tier 3; and
•   a reversal of a reserve in 2014 due to a favorable litigation resolution, which was included in tier 1.
wheelabrator — the most significant items affecting the results of operations of our wheelabrator business in 2014 and 2013 were (i) a $519 million gain on sale of our wheelabrator business in december 2014 and (ii) $627 million of pre-tax charges to impair goodwill and certain waste-to-energy facilities in 2013 as discussed above in goodwill impairments and (income) expense from divestitures, asset impairments (other than goodwill) and unusual items.
other — our “other” income from operations includes (i) those elements of our landfill gas-to-energy operations and third-party subcontract and administration revenues managed by our energy and environmental services and renewable energy organizations, that are not included with the operations of our reportable segments; (ii) our recycling brokerage services and (iii) the results of investments that we are making in expanded service offerings, such as portable self-storage, long distance moving services, and fluorescent lamp recycling, and in oil and gas producing properties. in addition, our “other” income from operations reflects the results of non-operating entities that provide financial assurance and self-insurance support for our solid waste.
significant items affecting the comparability for the periods presented include:
corporate and other — significant items affecting the comparability for the periods presented include:
•   restructuring costs related to our august 2014 reorganization and subsequent benefits resulting from our restructuring efforts;
•   increased risk management costs in 2015 primarily related to certain higher than anticipated auto and general liability claim settlements and favorable risk management allocation in 2014.
interest expense, net our interest expense, net was $385 million in 2015, $466 million in 2014 and $477 million in 2013. during 2015, the decrease in interest expense was primarily attributable to the refinancing of a significant portion of our high-coupon senior notes. as a result of the combination of a make-whole redemption of certain senior notes, cash tender offers to purchase certain senior notes and the issuance of $1.8 billion of new senior notes, we reduced the weighted average interest rate of our senior note portfolio by 1%. during 2014, the decrease in interest expense was primarily attributable to (i) the impacts that lower market interest rates had on certain of our tax-exempt debt; (ii) issuing new debt at lower fixed interest rates than debt repaid upon scheduled maturities and (iii) reduced costs associated with our letter of credit facilities due to improvements in the company’s overall credit rating. these decreases were partially offset by increases in expense associated with our terminated interest rate swaps due to the maturity of the underlying senior notes.
loss on early extinguishment of debt during 2015, we refinanced a significant portion of our high-coupon senior notes. as a result of the combination of a make-whole redemption of certain senior notes, cash tender offers to purchase certain senior notes and the issuance of $1.8 billion of new senior notes, we reduced the weighted average interest rate of our senior note portfolio by 1% and extended the weighted average duration of these debt obligations by three years. additional details related to each component of the refinancing follow:
index to financial statements equity in net losses of unconsolidated entities we recognized “equity in net losses of unconsolidated entities” of $38 million, $53 million and $34 million in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. these losses are primarily related to our noncontrolling interests in two limited liability companies established to invest in and manage low-income housing properties and a refined coal facility, as well as (i) noncontrolling investments made to support our strategic initiatives and (ii) unconsolidated trusts for final capping, closure, post-closure or environmental obligations. the tax impacts realized as a result of our investments in low-income housing properties and the refined coal facility are discussed below in provision for income taxes. refer to notes 9 and 20 to the consolidated financial statements for more information related to these investments. in 2014, we recognized an additional $11 million to write down equity method investments in waste diversion technology companies to their fair value.
other, net we recognized other, net expense of $7 million, $29 million and $74 million in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the expenses for 2015, 2014 and 2013 were impacted by impairment charges of $5 million, $22 million and $71 million, respectively, related to other-than-temporary declines in the value of investments in waste diversion technology companies accounted for under the cost method. we wrote down our investments to their fair value which was primarily determined using an income approach based on estimated future cash flow projections and, to a lesser extent, third-party investors’ recent transactions in these securities. partially offsetting the 2013 charges was a $4 million gain on the sale of a similar investment. the remaining expenses recognized during the reported periods are primarily related to the impact of foreign currency translation.
provision for income taxes we recorded provisions for income taxes of $308 million in 2015, $413 million in 2014 and $364 million in 2013. these tax provisions resulted in an effective income tax rate of approximately 29.1%, 23.6% and 73.8% for the years ended 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the comparability of our reported income taxes for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 is primarily affected by (i) variations in our income before income taxes; (ii) federal tax credits; (iii) adjustments to our accruals and related deferred taxes; (iv) the realization of state net operating losses and credits; (v) tax audit settlements and (vi) the tax implications of divestitures and impairments. the impacts of these items are summarized below:
•   investment in refined coal facility — our refined coal facility investment and the resulting federal tax credits reduced our provision for income taxes by $23 million, $21 million and $20 million for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. refer to note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for more information related to our refined coal facility investment.
•          investment in low-income housing properties — our low-income housing properties investment and the resulting federal tax credits reduced our provision for income taxes by $34 million, $37 million and
•   other federal tax credits — during 2015, 2014 and 2013, we recognized federal tax credits in addition to the tax credits realized from our investments in the refined coal facility and low-income housing properties resulting in a reduction to our provision for income taxes of $15 million, $13 million and $13 million, respectively.
•   state net operating losses and credits — during 2015, 2014 and 2013, we recognized state net operating losses and credits resulting in a reduction to our provision for income taxes of $17 million, $16
•   tax audit settlements — the settlement of various tax audits resulted in reductions to our provision for income taxes of $10 million, $12 million and $11 million for the years ended december 31,
•                          tax implications of divestitures — during 2014, the company recorded a net gain of $515 million primarily related to the divestiture of our wheelabrator business, our puerto rico operations and certain landfill and collection operations in our eastern canada area. had this net gain been fully taxable, our provision for income taxes would have increased by $138 million. during 2015, the company recorded an additional $10 million net gain primarily related to post-closing adjustments on the wheelabrator divestiture. had this gain been fully taxable, our provision for income taxes would have increased by $4 million. refer to note 19 to the consolidated financial statements for more information related to divestitures.
•                       tax implications of impairments — a portion of the impairment charges recognized are not deductible for tax purposes. had the charges been fully deductible, our provision for income taxes would have been reduced by $2 million, $8 million and $235 million for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. see note 13 to the consolidated financial statements for more information related to asset impairments and unusual items.
we expect our 2016 recurring effective tax rate will be approximately 35.0% based on projected income before income taxes, federal tax credits and other permanent items, which is similar to prior year expectations.
the protecting americans from tax hikes act of 2015 was signed into law on december 18, 2015 and included an extension for five years of the bonus depreciation allowance. as a result, 50% of qualifying capital expenditures on property placed in service before january 1, 2016 were depreciated immediately. the acceleration of deductions on 2015 qualifying capital expenditures resulting from the bonus depreciation provisions had no impact on our effective income tax rate for 2015 although it will reduce our cash taxes by approximately $65 million. this reduction will be offset by increased cash taxes in subsequent periods when the deductions related to the capital expenditures would have otherwise been taken.
noncontrolling interests net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests was $1 million in 2015 and net income attributable to noncontrolling interests was $40 million in 2014 and $32 million in 2013. the income for 2014 and 2013 was principally related to third parties’ equity interests in two limited liability companies (“llcs”) that owned three waste-to-energy facilities operated by our wheelabrator business. in december 2014, we purchased the noncontrolling interests in the llcs from the third parties in anticipation of our sale of the wheelabrator business. the llcs were then subsequently sold as part of the divestment of our wheelabrator business. refer to notes 19 and 20 to the consolidated financial statements for information related to the sale of our wheelabrator business and the consolidation of these variable interest entities, respectively.
the income for 2013 includes a net loss of $10 million attributable to noncontrolling interest holders associated with the $20 million impairment charge related to a majority-owned waste diversion technology company discussed above in (income) expense from divestitures, asset impairments (other than goodwill) and unusual items.
index to financial statements landfill and environmental remediation discussion and analysis we owned or operated 244 solid waste and five secure hazardous waste landfills at december 31, 2015 and 247 solid waste and five secure hazardous waste landfills at december 31, 2014. at december 31, 2015 and 2014, the expected remaining capacity, in cubic yards and tonnage of waste that can be accepted at our owned or operated landfills, is shown below (in millions):
remaining              expansion             total          remaining              expansion             total permitted              capacity              capacity       permitted              capacity              capacity capacity                                                    capacity remaining cubic yards          4,740           298                          5,038          4,708           275                          4,983
based on remaining permitted airspace as of december 31, 2015 and projected annual disposal volumes, the weighted average remaining landfill life for all of our owned or operated landfills is approximately 46 years. many of our landfills have the potential for expanded disposal capacity beyond what is currently permitted. we monitor the availability of permitted disposal capacity at each of our landfills and evaluate whether to pursue an expansion at a given landfill based on estimated future waste volumes and prices, remaining capacity and likelihood of obtaining an expansion permit. we are seeking expansion permits at 21 of our landfills that meet the expansion criteria outlined in the critical accounting estimates and assumptions section above. although no assurances can be made that all future expansions will be permitted or permitted as designed, the weighted average remaining landfill life for all owned or operated landfills is approximately 49 years when considering remaining permitted airspace, expansion airspace and projected annual disposal volume.
the number of landfills we own or operate as of december 31, 2015, segregated by their estimated operating lives (in years), based on remaining permitted and expansion airspace and projected annual disposal volume, was as follows:
(a)   landfills we operate through lease agreements are similar to landfills we own because we own the landfill’s operating permit and will operate the landfill for the entire lease term, which in many cases is the life of the landfill. we are usually responsible for the final capping, closure and post-closure obligations of the landfills we lease.
(b)   for operating contracts, the property owner owns the permit and we operate the landfill for a contracted term, which may be the life of the landfill. however, we are generally responsible for final capping, closure and post-closure obligations under the operating contracts.
index to financial statements the following table reflects landfill capacity and airspace changes, as measured in tons of waste, for landfills owned or operated by us during the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014 (in millions):
remaining             expansion                  total       remaining                expansion           total permitted              capacity               capacity       permitted                 capacity           capacity capacity                                                    capacity balance, beginning of year                                                  4,660                   275                  4,935              4,769                   282                  5,051
acquisitions, divestitures, newly permitted landfills and closures             32                     4                     36                (90   )                (5   )                (95   )
expansion permits granted(b)                                                   82                   (82   )                  —       94                             (94   )                  —
(a)   amounts reflected here relate to the combined impacts of (i) new expansions pursued; (ii) increases or decreases in the airspace being pursued for ongoing expansion efforts; (iii) adjustments for differences between the airspace being pursued and airspace granted and (iv) decreases due to decisions to no longer pursue expansion permits.
(b)   we received expansion permits at six of our landfills during 2015 and eight of our landfills during 2014, demonstrating our continued success in working with municipalities and regulatory agencies to expand the disposal capacity of our existing landfills.
(c)                changes in engineering estimates can result in changes to the estimated available remaining capacity of a landfill or changes in the utilization of such landfill capacity, affecting the number of tons that can be placed in the future. estimates of the amount of waste that can be placed in the future are reviewed annually by our engineers and are based on a number of factors, including standard engineering techniques and site-specific factors such as current and projected mix of waste type; initial and projected waste density; estimated number of years of life remaining; depth of underlying waste; anticipated access to moisture through precipitation or recirculation of landfill leachate; and operating practices. we continually focus on improving the utilization of airspace through efforts that include recirculating landfill leachate where allowed by permit; optimizing the placement of daily cover materials; and increasing initial compaction through improved landfill equipment, operations and training.
# of                  total               tons per         # of               total               tons per sites                   tons                    day        sites                tons                    day solid waste landfills                                                                   244   (a)           96,777                    355          247              92,847                    341
(b)   these amounts include 1.2 million tons at both december 31, 2015 and december 31, 2014, that were received at our landfills but were used for beneficial purposes and generally were redirected from the permitted airspace to other areas of the landfill. waste types that are frequently identified for beneficial use include green waste for composting and clean dirt for on-site construction projects.
index to financial statements when a landfill we own or operate receives certification of closure from the applicable regulatory agency, we generally transfer the management of the site, including any remediation activities, to our closed sites management group. as of december 31, 2015, our closed sites management group managed 210 closed landfills.
landfill assets — we capitalize various costs that we incur to prepare a landfill to accept waste. these costs generally include expenditures for land (including the landfill footprint and required landfill buffer property), permitting, excavation, liner material and installation, landfill leachate collection systems, landfill gas collection systems, environmental monitoring equipment for groundwater and landfill gas, directly related engineering, capitalized interest, and on-site road construction and other capital infrastructure costs. the cost basis of our landfill assets also includes estimates of future costs associated with landfill final capping, closure and post-closure activities, which are discussed further below.
capital additions                                                     437                  —                            437
asset retirement obligations incurred and capitalized                  61                  —                             61
acquisitions                                                          126                  —                            126
as of december 31, 2015, we estimate that we will spend approximately $400 million in 2016, and approximately $900 million in 2017 and 2018 combined, for the construction and development of our landfill assets. the specific timing of landfill capital spending is dependent on future events, and spending estimates are subject to change due to fluctuations in landfill waste volumes, changes in environmental requirements and other factors impacting landfill operations.
landfill and environmental remediation liabilities — as we accept waste at our landfills, we incur significant asset retirement obligations, which include liabilities associated with landfill final capping, closure and post-closure activities. these liabilities are accounted for in accordance with authoritative guidance associated with accounting for asset retirement obligations and are discussed in note 3 of our consolidated financial statements. we also have liabilities for the remediation of properties that have incurred environmental damage, which generally was caused by operations or for damage caused by conditions that existed before we acquired operations or a site. we recognize environmental remediation liabilities when we determine that the liability is probable and the estimated cost for the likely remedy can be reasonably estimated.
index to financial statements the following table reflects our landfill liabilities and our environmental remediation liabilities as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, and summarizes significant changes in these amounts during 2015 (in millions):
obligations incurred and capitalized                            61                     —
acquisitions, divestitures and other adjustments                 7                    (4   )
landfill costs and expenses — as disclosed in the operating expenses section above, our landfill operating costs include interest accretion on asset retirement obligations, interest accretion on and discount rate adjustments to environmental remediation liabilities and recovery assets, leachate and methane collection and treatment, landfill remediation costs, and other landfill site costs. the following table summarizes these costs for each of the three years indicated (in millions):
interest accretion on landfill liabilities                                                                                 $89                 $88                  $87
interest accretion on and discount rate adjustments to environmental remediation liabilities and recovery assets             1                  14                  (10   )
other landfill site costs                                                                                                   64                  71                   68
the comparison of these costs for the reported periods has been significantly affected by accounting for changes in the risk-free discount rate that we use to estimate the present value of our environmental remediation liabilities and environmental remediation recovery assets, which is based on the rate for u.s. treasury bonds with a term approximating the weighted average period until settlement of the underlying obligations.
•   the amortization of landfill capital costs, including (i) costs that have been incurred and capitalized and (ii) estimated future costs for landfill development and construction required to develop our landfills to their remaining permitted and expansion airspace; and
•   the amortization of asset retirement costs arising from landfill final capping, closure and post-closure obligations, including (i) costs that have been incurred and capitalized and (ii) projected asset retirement costs.
amortization expense is recorded on a units-of-consumption basis, applying cost as a rate per ton. the rate per ton is calculated by dividing each component of the amortizable basis of a landfill by the number of tons needed to fill the corresponding asset’s airspace. landfill capital costs and closure and post-closure asset retirement costs are generally incurred to support the operation of the landfill over its entire operating life and are, therefore, amortized on a per-ton basis using a landfill’s total airspace capacity. final capping asset
index to financial statements retirement costs are related to a specific final capping event and are, therefore, amortized on a per-ton basis using each discrete final capping event’s estimated airspace capacity. accordingly, each landfill has multiple per-ton amortization rates.
different per-ton amortization rates are applied at each of our 249 landfills, and per-ton amortization rates vary significantly from one landfill to another due to (i) inconsistencies that often exist in construction costs and provincial, state and local regulatory requirements for landfill development and landfill final capping, closure and post-closure activities and (ii) differences in the cost basis of landfills that we develop versus those that we acquire. accordingly, our landfill airspace amortization expense measured on a per-ton basis can fluctuate due to changes in the mix of volumes we receive across the company year-over-year.
liquidity and capital resources we continually monitor our actual and forecasted cash flows, our liquidity and our capital resources, enabling us to plan for our present needs and fund unbudgeted business activities that may arise during the year as a result of changing business conditions or new opportunities. in addition to our working capital needs for the general and administrative costs of our ongoing operations, we have cash requirements for: (i) the construction and expansion of our landfills; (ii) additions to and maintenance of our trucking fleet and landfill equipment; (iii) construction, refurbishments and improvements at materials recovery facilities; (iv) the container and equipment needs of our operations; (v) final capping, closure and post-closure activities at our landfills; (vi) the repayment of debt and discharging of other obligations and (vii) capital expenditures, acquisitions and investments in support of our strategic growth plans. we also are committed to providing our shareholders with a return on their investment through dividend payments, and we have also returned value to our shareholders through share repurchases.
index to financial statements cash and cash equivalents — cash and cash equivalents at december 31, 2014, included a portion of the $1.95 billion of proceeds from the divestiture of our wheelabrator business in december 2014. in 2015, we have primarily allocated available cash to the acquisition of deffenbaugh, repurchasing shares and paying premiums on the early extinguishment of debt. discussion of these activities is included in notes 19, 15 and 7, respectively, to the consolidated financial statements.
debt — we use long-term borrowings in addition to the cash we generate from operations as part of our overall financial strategy to support and grow our business. we primarily use senior notes and tax-exempt bonds to borrow on a long-term basis, but we also use other instruments and facilities when appropriate. the components of our long-term borrowings as of december 31, 2015 are described in note 7 to the consolidated financial statements.
as of december 31, 2015, we had $732 million of debt maturing within the next 12 months, including (i) $500 million of 2.6% senior notes that mature in september 2016; (ii) $146 million of tax-exempt bonds and (iii) $20 million of borrowings outstanding under our $2.25 billion revolving credit facility. in addition, $316 million of tax-exempt bonds have term interest rate periods subject to repricing within the next 12 months, which is prior to their scheduled maturities. we have classified the $20 million of borrowings outstanding under our $2.25 billion revolving credit facility as long-term because we intend and have the ability to refinance or maintain these borrowings on a long-term basis. based on our intent and ability to refinance other portions of our current obligations on a long-term basis as of december 31, 2015, including through use of forecasted available capacity under our $2.25 billion revolving credit facility, we have classified an additional $775 million of debt as long-term. the remaining $253 million is classified as current obligations.
index to financial statements we have credit facilities in place to support our liquidity and financial assurance needs. the following table summarizes our outstanding letters of credit (in millions) at december 31, categorized by type of facility:
revolving credit facility(a)              $831            $785
letter of credit facilities(b)             150             400
(a)   in july 2015, we amended and restated our revolving credit facility extending the term through july 2020. at december 31, 2015, we had $20 million of outstanding borrowings and $831 million of letters of credit issued and supported by the facility, leaving an unused and available credit capacity of $1,399 million.
(b)   as of december 31, 2015, we had an aggregate committed capacity of $150 million under letter of credit facilities with terms extending through december 2018. this letter of credit capacity was fully utilized as of december 31, 2015.
(c)   these letters of credit are outstanding under various arrangements that do not obligate the counterparty to provide a committed capacity.
summary of cash flow activity the following is a summary of our cash flows for the years ended december 31 (in millions):
net cash provided by operating activities                 $2,498                 $2,331           $2,455
net cash provided by (used in) investing activities       $(1,608     )            $995           $(1,900     )
net cash used in financing activities                     $(2,155     )         $(2,072   )       $(687       )
net cash provided by operating activities — the most significant items affecting the comparison of our operating cash flows in 2015 to 2014 are summarized below:
•   increased earnings from our traditional solid waste business — in 2015, we saw an increase in cash earnings from our traditional solid waste business which was enhanced by acquisitions and corporate overhead cost reductions. these cash flow improvements were slightly offset by a decrease in earnings of our recycling operations.
•   cash flow of divested businesses — the divestiture of wheelabrator in december 2014 coupled with the sale of other solid waste businesses throughout 2014 affected the year-over-year comparison by approximately $140 million.
•   decrease in tax payments — cash paid for income taxes, net of excess tax benefits associated with equity-based transactions, was $329 million lower on a year-over-year basis, largely driven by (i) lower year-over-year pre-tax earnings primarily due to the loss on early extinguishment of debt in the first quarter of 2015 and (ii) the tax implications and related impacts of divestitures and impairments.
•   multiemployer pension plan settlements — in 2015, we paid approximately $60 million for multiemployer pension plan settlements primarily associated with the central states, southeast and southwest areas pension plan and the teamsters employers local 945 pension fund. see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
•              forward-starting swaps — during the first quarter of 2014, the forward-starting interest rate swaps associated with the anticipated issuance of senior notes in 2014 matured, and we paid cash of $36 million to settle the liabilities related to the swaps, as discussed further in note 8 to the consolidated financial statements. this cash payment was classified as a change in “accounts payable and accrued liabilities” within “net cash provided by operating activities” in the consolidated statement of cash flows.
•                       changes in assets and liabilities, net of effects from business acquisitions and divestitures — our cash flow from operations was unfavorably impacted on a year-over-year basis by changes in our assets and liabilities accounts, particularly non-trade related items including payroll and incentive accruals. however, we did experience continued improvement in both trade accounts receivable and accounts payable. although our working capital changes may vary from year-to-year, they are typically driven by changes in accounts receivable, which are affected by both revenue changes and timing of payments received, and accounts payable changes, which are affected by both cost changes and timing of payments.
the most significant items affecting the comparisons of our operating cash flows in 2014 as compared to 2013 are summarized below:
after considering these items, and certain other non-cash items included in our comparative results, our earnings drove an improvement in our cash flows from operating activities of approximately $100 million.
•                     increase in tax payments — cash paid for income taxes, net of excess tax benefits associated with equity-based transactions, was approximately $242 million higher on a year-over-year basis due to
(i) higher pre-tax earnings; (ii) approximately $210 million anticipated overpayment during 2014, when comparing our year-end tax provisions to payments made throughout the year and (iii) taxes associated with the divestiture of our puerto rico operations.
•                 forward-starting swaps — during 2014, the forward-starting interest rate swaps associated with the anticipated issuance of senior notes in 2014 matured, and we paid cash of $36 million to settle the liabilities related to the swaps. this cash payment has been classified as a change in “accounts payable and accrued liabilities” within “net cash provided by operating activities” in the consolidated statement of cash flows.
•                       changes in other operating assets and liabilities, net of effects from business acquisitions and divestitures — our cash flow from operations was favorably impacted on a year-over-year basis by changes in our working capital accounts. although our working capital changes may vary from year to year, they are typically driven by changes in accounts receivable, which are affected by both revenue changes and timing of payments received, and accounts payable changes, which are affected by both cost changes and timing of payments.
index to financial statements net cash provided by (used in) investing activities — the most significant items affecting the comparison of our investing cash flows for the periods presented are summarized below:
•   capital expenditures — we used $1,233 million during 2015 for capital expenditures, compared with $1,151 million in 2014 and $1,271 million in 2013. the increase in capital expenditures in 2015 is primarily attributable to new business opportunities, growth in our existing business and the timing of replacement of aging assets.
•                            proceeds from divestitures — proceeds from divestitures and other assets (net of cash divested) were $145 million in 2015, $2,253 million in 2014 and $138 million in 2013. in 2015, $79 million of these divestitures were made as part of our continuous focus on improving or divesting certain non-strategic or underperforming operations, with the remaining amounts generally related to the sale of fixed assets. in 2014, our proceeds from divestitures were primarily related to the sale of our wheelabrator business for $1.95 billion and, to a lesser extent, the sale of our puerto rico operations and certain landfill and collection operations in our eastern canada area. in 2013, our proceeds from divestitures included approximately $41 million related to oil and gas producing properties and $14 million related to certain of our medical waste service operations and a transfer station in our greater mid-atlantic area. the remaining amount reported for 2013, generally relates to the sale of fixed assets.
•                              acquisitions — our spending on acquisitions was $554 million in 2015 compared to $35 million in 2014 and $724 million in 2013. in 2015, $415 million of our spending on acquisitions was for the collection and disposal operations of deffenbaugh. the remainder of our 2015 acquisition spending primarily related to our solid waste business. all of our 2014 acquisitions related to our solid waste business. in 2013, our acquisitions consisted primarily of the recycling operations of greenstar, for which we paid $170 million, and substantially all of the assets of rci, for which we paid $481 million. the remainder of our 2013 acquisitions related to our solid waste business and energy services operations. see note 19 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information related to our acquisitions. we continue to focus on accretive acquisitions and growth opportunities that will enhance and expand our existing service offerings.
•                          investments in unconsolidated entities — we made $20 million, $33 million and $33 million of cash investments in unconsolidated entities during 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. in 2015, our investments primarily consisted of additional capital contributions associated with our investment in a refined coal facility, which generates federal tax credits. in 2014 and 2013, our investments primarily related to additional capital contributions associated with our investment in a refined coal facility and waste diversion technology companies.
•   net receipts from restricted funds — net cash received from our restricted trust and escrow accounts contributed $51 million to our investing activities in 2015 compared with $19 million in 2014 and $71
million in 2013. in 2015, these activities were largely related to our replacement of funded trust and escrow accounts with alternative forms of financial assurance.
•       other — net cash provided by our other investing activities was $3 million during 2015. net cash used by our other investing activities of $58 million and $81 million during 2014 and 2013, respectively, was primarily associated with the funding of notes receivable associated with wheelabrator’s investments in the u.k., prior to the sale of our wheelabrator business in december 2014.
net cash used in financing activities — the most significant items affecting the comparison of our financing cash flows for the periods presented are summarized below:
•   share repurchases — for the periods presented, all share repurchases have been made in accordance with financial plans approved by our board of directors.
we paid $600 million for share repurchases during both 2015 and 2014 and $239 million for share repurchases during 2013. see note 15 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
index to financial statements we announced in december 2015 that the board of directors refreshed its prior authorization of up to $1 billion in future share repurchases. any future share repurchases will be made at the discretion of management, and will depend on factors similar to those considered by the board of directors in making dividend declarations.
•   dividend payments — for the periods presented, all dividends have been declared and paid in accordance with financial plans approved by our board of directors.
we paid an aggregate of $695 million in cash dividends during 2015, compared with $693 million in 2014, and $683 million in 2013. the increase in dividend payments is due to our quarterly per share dividend increasing from $0.365 in 2013, to $0.375 in 2014, and to $0.385 in 2015 and has been offset, in part, by a reduction in our common stock outstanding as a result of our share repurchase programs.
in december 2015, we announced that our board of directors expects to increase the quarterly dividend from $0.385 to $0.41 per share for dividends declared in 2016. however, all future dividend declarations are at the discretion of the board of directors and depend on various factors, including our net earnings, financial condition, cash required for future business plans and other factors the board may deem relevant.
•                     proceeds from the exercise of common stock options — the exercise of common stock options generated $77 million of financing cash inflows during 2015 compared with $93 million during 2014 and $132
u.s. revolving credit facility                       $100                 $2,225                  $1,140
canadian credit facility and term loan                 11                     88                   1,007
u.s. revolving credit facility                       $(80   )            $(2,645   )             $(1,120   )
canadian credit facility and term loan               (130   )               (243   )                (666   )
capital leases and other debt                        (243   )               (207   )                (129   )
for the year ended december 31, 2015, non-cash financing activities included $262 million of tax-exempt bond refundings and reissuances. for the year ended december 31, 2013, non-cash financing activities included proceeds from tax-exempt borrowings, net of principal payments made directly from trust funds, of $99 million. during 2014, we did not have any significant non-cash financing activities.
refer to note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information related to our debt borrowings and repayments.
•                              premiums paid on early extinguishment of debt — premiums paid on early extinguishment of debt of $555 million during the year ended december 31, 2015 are primarily related to (i) make-whole premiums paid on certain senior notes that the company decided to redeem in advance of their scheduled maturities and (ii) premiums paid to tender certain high-coupon senior notes. see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of these transactions.
•                          acquisitions of and distributions paid to noncontrolling interests — the purchases of and distributions paid to our noncontrolling interests were $1 million, $125 million and $59 million in 2015, 2014
and 2013, respectively. the increase during 2014 compared to 2013 is primarily attributable to the purchase of the noncontrolling interests in the llcs related to our waste-to-energy facilities in december 2014 for $91 million, in anticipation of our sale of our wheelabrator business. the llcs were then subsequently sold as part of the divestment. see note 20 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of these llcs.
summary of contractual obligations the following table summarizes our contractual obligations as of december 31, 2015 and the anticipated effect of these obligations on our liquidity in future years (in millions):
expected environmental liabilities:(a)
estimated unconditional purchase obligations(f)                  184           164             126           100              86             424         1,084
anticipated liquidity impact as of december 31, 2015          $1,147          $627          $1,141          $451          $1,019          $9,278       $13,663
(a)               environmental liabilities include final capping, closure, post-closure and environmental remediation costs. the amounts included here reflect environmental liabilities recorded in our consolidated balance sheet as of december 31, 2015 without the impact of discounting and inflation. our recorded environmental liabilities for final capping, closure and post-closure will increase as we continue to place additional tons within the permitted airspace at our landfills.
(c)                     our debt obligations as of december 31, 2015 include $316 million of tax-exempt bonds subject to repricing within the next 12 months, which is prior to their scheduled maturities. if the re-offerings of the bonds are unsuccessful, then the bonds can be put to us, requiring immediate repayment. we have classified the anticipated cash flows for these contractual obligations based on the scheduled maturity of the borrowing for purposes of this disclosure. for additional information regarding the classification of these borrowings in our consolidated balance sheet as of december 31, 2015, refer to note 7 to the consolidated financial statements.
(d)   our recorded debt obligations include non-cash adjustments associated with discounts, premiums and fair value adjustments for interest rate hedging activities. these amounts have been excluded here because they will not result in an impact to our liquidity in future periods.
(e)   our unrecorded obligations represent operating lease obligations and purchase commitments from which we expect to realize an economic benefit in future periods. we have also made certain guarantees, as discussed
index to financial statements in note 11 to the consolidated financial statements, that we do not expect to materially affect our current or future financial position, results of operations or liquidity.
(f)                 our unconditional purchase obligations are for various contractual obligations that we generally incur in the ordinary course of our business. certain of our obligations are quantity driven. for contracts that require us to purchase minimum quantities of goods or services, we have estimated our future minimum obligations based on the current market values of the underlying products or services. accordingly, the amounts reported in the table are not necessarily indicative of our actual cash flow obligations. see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for discussion of the nature and terms of our unconditional purchase obligations.
liquidity impacts of income tax items cash taxes — our tax payments in 2015, net of excess tax benefits associated with equity-based transactions, were $329 million lower than 2014, primarily due to (i) lower pre-tax earnings due to the loss on early extinguishment of debt and (ii) the tax implications and related impacts of divestitures and impairments.
bonus depreciation — the protecting americans from tax hikes act of 2015 was signed into law on december 18, 2015 and included an extension for five years of the bonus depreciation allowance. as a result, 50% of qualifying capital expenditures on property placed in service before january 1, 2016 were depreciated immediately. the acceleration of deductions on 2015 qualifying capital expenditures resulting from the bonus depreciation provisions had no impact on our effective income tax rate for 2015 although it will reduce our cash taxes by approximately $65 million. this reduction will be offset by increased cash taxes in subsequent periods when the deductions related to the capital expenditures would have otherwise been taken. overall, the effect of all applicable years’ bonus depreciation programs resulted in increased cash taxes of approximately $25 million in 2015.
uncertain tax positions — we have liabilities associated with unrecognized tax benefits and related interest. these liabilities are included as a component of long-term “other liabilities” in our consolidated balance sheets because the company does not anticipate that settlement of the liabilities will require payment of cash within the next 12 months. we are not able to reasonably estimate when we might make any cash payments required to settle these liabilities, but we do not believe that the ultimate settlement of our obligations will materially affect our liquidity. as of december 31, 2015, we anticipate that approximately $36 million of liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits, including accrued interest, and $5 million of related tax assets may be reversed within the next 12 months. the anticipated reversals primarily relate to the deductibility and exclusion from gross income of certain federal tax items and other miscellaneous state tax items, each of which is individually insignificant. the recognition of the unrecognized tax benefits is expected to result from the filing of our tax returns, audit settlements or the expiration of the applicable statute of limitations period.
off-balance sheet arrangements we have financial interests in unconsolidated variable interest entities as discussed in note 20 to the consolidated financial statements. additionally, we are party to guarantee arrangements with unconsolidated entities as discussed in the guarantees section of note 11 to the consolidated financial statements. these arrangements have not materially affected our financial position, results of operations or liquidity during the year ended december 31, 2015, nor are they expected to have a material impact on our future financial position, results of operations or liquidity.
new accounting standard pending adoption in may 2014, the fasb amended authoritative guidance associated with revenue recognition. the amended guidance requires companies to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to
index to financial statements customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. additionally, the amendments will require enhanced qualitative and quantitative disclosures regarding customer contracts. the amended authoritative guidance associated with revenue recognition is effective for the company on january 1, 2018. the amended guidance may be applied retrospectively for all periods presented or retrospectively with the cumulative effect of initially applying the amended guidance recognized at the date of initial application. we are in the process of assessing the provisions of the amended guidance and have not determined whether the adoption will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
inflation while inflationary increases in costs, including the cost of diesel fuel, have affected our income from operations margins in recent years, we believe that inflation generally has not had, and in the near future is not expected to have, any material adverse effect on our results of operations. however, as of december 31, 2015, approximately 30% of our collection revenues are generated under long-term agreements with price adjustments based on various indices intended to measure inflation. additionally, management’s estimates associated with inflation have had, and will continue to have, an impact on our accounting for landfill and environmental remediation liabilities.