Our discussion highlights that the majority of the services we provide are non‐discretionary and necessary for our clients to operate their businesses, underpinning business continuity. We continue to implement strategic initiatives—active portfolio management of our various businesses, enhancing the overall value of existing client relationships, improving operational effectiveness, disciplined capital allocation, and differentiating our products and services through innovation—that reflect the organization’s ability to deploy resources and adapt to evolving industry trends. We benefit from economies of scale in developing and maintaining the infrastructure, technology, products, services and networks necessary to remain current on technology changes amidst an evolving marketplace and anticipate that demand for digital channels will continue to increase, demonstrating foresight and future orientation. Our diversified, recurring revenue model and focus on long-term client relationships have reduced the impact of financial industry consolidation, evidencing resourcefulness and reduced vulnerability. Scale efficiencies and operational effectiveness initiatives have lowered our cost structure, improved operating margins, and contributed to performance maintenance under pressure. Liquidity and capital resource management, including generating cash flow from operations, maintaining available borrowings under our revolving credit facility and compliance with financial covenants, reflect our capacity to absorb financial strain and preserve functioning. Our disciplined approach to acquisitions—allocating purchase price to estimated fair values, engaging independent valuation specialists, testing goodwill and acquired intangible assets for impairment, and recognizing merger and integration costs—illustrates risk assessment, reconfiguring trajectories in immediate response to disruptive events and preserving system integrity. Capital allocation priorities that emphasize debt repayment, capital expenditures, acquisitions and share repurchases over dividends support financial flexibility. Access to diversified capital markets through senior notes, a term loan and a revolving credit facility—with covenants and credit ratings that adjust interest rates to reflect credit quality—demonstrates strategic resource management and preparedness for external pressures. Together, these disclosures depict organizational capabilities for adaptation, operational flexibility, risk mitigation, resource deployment and maintenance of performance under changing conditions.