our un-carrier proposition is an approach that seeks to listen to the customer, address their pain points, bring innovation to the industry, and improve the wireless experience for all. in practice, this means offering customers a great service on a nationwide LTE network, devices when and how they want them, and plans that are simple, affordable and without unnecessary restrictions. going forward, we will continue to listen and respond to our customers, refine and improve the un-carrier proposition, and deliver the best value experience in the industry. we have substantially completed the process of upgrading our network to LTE, which provides our customers with the fastest nationwide LTE services, thereby enhancing operational continuity and adaptability to environmental disruptions. liquidity and capital resources highlights the success of our un-carrier proposition and continued modernization of our network has further repositioned t-mobile to provide customers with an unrivaled customer experience, which requires substantial investment in our business. our principal sources of liquidity are our cash and cash equivalents and cash generated from operations, proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt and the issuance of common and preferred stock, the sale of certain service receivables related to a factoring arrangement, and financing arrangements of vendor payables which effectively extend payment terms. in 2014, we entered into a two-year factoring arrangement to sell certain service accounts receivable on a revolving basis with a current maximum funding limit of $640 million. we regularly review and update projections for changes in current and projected financial and operating results, general economic conditions, the competitive landscape and other factors. we expect our current sources of funding to be sufficient to meet the anticipated liquidity requirements of the company in the next 12 months and intend to use our current sources of funding for general corporate purposes, including capital investments, enhancing our financial flexibility and opportunistically acquiring additional spectrum in private party transactions. we expect cash capital expenditures for property and equipment to be in the range of $4.4 billion to $4.7 billion in 2015. in addition, we are currently in the process of building out our network to utilize our recently acquired 700 MHz A-block spectrum licenses, targeting 300 million people with LTE by the end of 2015. we intend to decommission certain cell sites and incur additional network decommissioning costs in the range of $500 million to $600 million, a majority of which are expected to be recognized in 2015.