In response to uneven global economic growth, we have adjusted our air capacity and cost structure in our transportation network to better match the prevailing volume mix levels, while our broad portfolio of product offerings and the flexibilities inherent in our transportation network have helped us adapt to these changing trends. Although the worldwide economic environment remained challenging, we undertook initiatives in the U.S. and internationally to improve the flexibility and capacity in our delivery network, enhance yield management, increase operational efficiency and contain costs across all segments. At the heart of these initiatives is the deployment of technology improvements—including several facility automation projects and the accelerated deployment of our on-road integrated optimization and navigation system (“Orion”)—which are designed to increase network capacity, and improve operational efficiency, flexibility and reliability. We have continued to adjust our transportation network and utilize new or expanded operating facilities to improve time-in-transit for shipments in each region. These network-efficiency improvements enabled us to process increased volume at a faster rate than the growth in aircraft block hours and vehicle miles driven, and we have refined our air and ground networks to better match higher volume levels, leverage technology to increase package sorting and delivery efficiency, and benefit from improved pick-up and delivery densities. During periods of significant holiday volume increases and adverse weather conditions, we increased our overall capacity through additional staffing, more equipment rentals and new operating facilities, and even operated on an extra day to maintain service levels. In our supply chain and freight operations, we applied yield management strategies, general rate increases and productivity measures to adapt to market capacity constraints and shifting customer demands. To mitigate long-term liabilities and reduce exposure to future healthcare cost volatility, we restructured our healthcare and multiemployer pension arrangements by transferring retiree health obligations to external funds and establishing a withdrawal liability under a two-pool pension approach, thereby negotiating fixed contribution rates, limiting future funding uncertainty and protecting the organization from underfunded plan risks. Finally, we continually assess our capital and liquidity resources—committing to capital expenditures that support replacement capacity and anticipated growth, managing fixed and floating-rate debt exposures, and maintaining sufficient operating cash flow and borrowing programs—to ensure adequate resource availability and business continuity under varying economic and industry conditions.