Visa describes its ongoing worldwide migration from paper-based to electronic forms of payment as yielding significant growth opportunities and states that it continues to explore additional opportunities to enhance its competitive position by expanding the scope of payment solutions it provides. In fiscal 2014, adjusted operating expenses remained flat primarily due to reductions in professional fees and personnel expenses, offset by continued investments in infrastructure, technology and network processing to support its global growth initiatives. Service revenues include assessments designed to support ongoing acceptance and volume-growth initiatives, recognized contemporaneously with related transaction volume, and data processing revenues facilitate transaction and information processing among its clients globally. Long-term contracts with financial institution clients and other partners provide client incentives designed to build payments volume, increase Visa-branded card acceptance and secure merchant routing transactions. Personnel costs decreased due to lower incentive compensation and severance charges, partially offset by increased headcount reflecting strategic investment for future growth, while marketing expenses rose to support major global sponsorships and new product initiatives such as Visa Checkout. Network and processing costs increased based on continued technology and network investments to support growth, and general and administrative expenses increased due to facilities costs and corporate support of business expansion. Operating revenues, generated primarily from payments volume, processed transactions and cross-border volume, benefited from these underlying business drivers. To manage liquidity risk and support capital‐resource requirements, Visa regularly evaluates cash requirements for current operations, commitments and capital expenditures under treasury policies designed to provide adequate liquidity, ensure timely settlement activities, fund capital investments, support dividend and share repurchase decisions, and optimize returns on excess cash. It reports that projected sources of liquidity—including cash flow from operations, cash on hand and available-for-sale investment securities—are sufficient to meet its needs for more than the next 12 months and that operating cash flow will be more than sufficient to meet its ongoing operational needs. The company invests excess cash in short- and long-term debt securities primarily issued by the U.S. Treasury or government-sponsored agencies, maintains a $3.0 billion commercial paper program and a $3.0 billion unsecured revolving credit facility, and holds $5.5 billion of cash and equivalents in foreign subsidiaries that it intends to reinvest indefinitely. It maintains a $1.5 billion litigation escrow account for covered litigation liabilities, enforces global settlement guarantee policies with collateral requirements to manage counterparty risk, and regularly reassesses its liquidity position and potential supplemental liquidity sources in light of its operating performance, current economic and capital market conditions and other relevant circumstances.