Our business is subject to a wide range of complex U.S. and foreign laws and regulations, and failure to comply with these laws could have a materially adverse effect on our reputation, results of operations, or financial condition. We have implemented policies and procedures to monitor and address compliance with applicable laws and regulations, but there can be no assurance that our policies will be adequate or that our employees will not take actions in violation of our policies. We operate our business around the world, including in numerous developing economies, where companies may engage in business practices that are prohibited by domestic and foreign laws. We have disaster recovery, business continuity, and crisis management plans designed to protect our businesses against a multitude of events, including natural disasters and similar events. Despite our preparations, our plans may not be successful in preventing or mitigating the loss of client data or service interruptions. A disruption of the data centers or cloud-computing services that we utilize could have a materially adverse effect on our business. We rely heavily on our payroll, financial, accounting, and other data processing systems, and if any of these systems fails to operate properly, we could suffer financial loss or damage to our reputation. Our ability to provide data-driven insights may be constrained by current or future regulatory requirements that could impose burdensome and costly requirements on our ability to leverage data in innovative ways. We continue to invest significant resources to modify and enhance our information security and controls and to investigate and remediate any security vulnerabilities. The global environment continues to grow increasingly hostile, and we are regularly targeted by unauthorized parties using malicious tactics. Our ability to address cybersecurity incidents may depend on the timing and nature of assistance provided from governmental or law enforcement agencies. We believe that providing insights from data will become increasingly important to the value that our solutions deliver to our customers. Our financial condition remains solid, and we have sufficient liquidity; however, we will continue to evaluate the nature and extent of the impact of rapidly changing market conditions related to the COVID-19 pandemic. We derive a significant portion of our revenues outside the United States and are exposed to market risk from changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Our business could be negatively impacted by actions from activist stockholders or others that may not align with our business strategies. We are committed to building upon our past successes by investing in our business and driving meaningful transformation in the way we operate. The COVID-19 outbreak created significant volatility and uncertainty, and the extent of any impact depends on developments that are highly uncertain. We have made and expect to continue to make significant investments in product development to respond successfully to technology challenges and client needs. Our transformation initiatives are designed to streamline our organization while supporting our revenue growth, margin improvement, and productivity. If we do not successfully manage and execute these initiatives, we may fail to meet our financial goals and achieve anticipated benefits. The ability to adapt to changing client needs and preferences is critical to our success, and we must continue to dedicate resources to our development efforts.