The ongoing novel coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We have experienced and expect to continue to experience disruptions to our business as these measures have, and will continue to have, an effect on our business operations and practices. While many of our offices around the world remain open, we continue to have many of our employees work from home until further notice. It is uncertain as to when the measures put in place to attempt to contain the spread of COVID-19 will be lifted or whether there will be additional measures put into place. If COVID-19 continues to spread or if there are further waves of the virus, we may need to further limit operations or modify our business practices in a manner that may impact our business. If our employees are not able to perform their job duties due to self-isolation, quarantine, unavailability of COVID-19 tests, travel restrictions, or illness, we may not be able to meet our product schedules, roadmaps, and customer commitments, and we may experience an overall lower productivity of our workforce. We have taken efforts to maintain a stable supply of materials to meet our production requirements through long-term purchase commitments and prepayment arrangements with some of our suppliers. We also experienced strong customer demand in 2021 and made strategic investments through long-term purchase commitments and prepayment arrangements in our supply chain to secure additional capacity to support future revenue growth. Our business is dependent upon the proper functioning of our internal business processes and information systems, and modification or interruption of such systems may disrupt our business, processes, and internal controls. We rely upon a number of internal business processes and information systems to support key business functions, and the efficient operation of these processes and systems is critical to our business. Our information technology systems, and those of third-party information technology providers or business partners, may also be vulnerable to damage or disruption caused by circumstances beyond our control including catastrophic events, power anomalies or outages, natural disasters, viruses or malware, cyber-attacks, data breaches, and computer system or network failures, exposing us to significant cost, reputational harm, and disruption or damage to our business. We cannot guarantee that these providers will fulfill their respective responsibilities in a timely manner in accordance with the contract terms, in which case our internal operations and the distribution of our products to our customers could be materially adversely affected. Our ability to meet customer demand for our products depends, in part, on our ability to deliver the products our customers want on a timely basis. Accordingly, we rely on our supply chain for the manufacturing, distribution, and fulfillment of our products. If we are unable to consistently deliver the right products to our customers on a timely basis in the right locations, our customers may reduce the quantities they order from us, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our worldwide operations are subject to political, legal, and economic risks and natural disasters, which could have a material adverse effect on us. The political, legal, and economic risks associated with our operations in foreign countries include, without limitation: expropriation; changes in a specific country's or region's political or economic conditions; changes in tax laws, trade protection measures, and import or export licensing requirements; difficulties in protecting our intellectual property; and difficulties in managing staffing and exposure to different employment practices and labor laws.