This report and other documents we file with the SEC contain forward-looking statements that are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts, and projections about us, our future performance, our business, our beliefs, and our management's assumptions. The COVID-19 pandemic, and the public and governmental effort to mitigate against the spread of the disease, have had, and are expected to continue to have, an adverse effect on our clinical trials, operations, manufacturing, supply chains, distribution systems, product development, product sales, business, and results of operations. Significant disruptions or production failures at our facilities could significantly impair our ability to supply our products or continue our clinical trials. The effects of global climate change and related natural disasters could negatively affect our business and operations. Our operations and facilities, including those essential to our manufacturing, R&D, and distribution activities, are in locations that are subject to natural disasters, including droughts, fires, hurricanes, tropical storms, and/or floods. The severity and frequency of weather-related natural disasters have been amplified, and are expected to continue to be amplified, by global climate change. Our business and operations may be negatively affected by the failure, or perceived failure, of achieving our environmental, social, and governance objectives. We continue to work towards operating our business in an environmentally responsible and socially inclusive manner. Stakeholders, including our investors and our employees, have increasingly focused on, and are expected to continue to focus on, our ESG practices. If our ESG practices fail to meet these stakeholders' expectations and standards, there could be a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, and, ultimately, our stock price. We have a long-standing ambition to be environmentally responsible, and we regularly set targets to challenge ourselves to deliver further improvements. Our long-term success depends, to a great extent, on our ability to continue to discover, develop, and commercialize innovative products and acquire or collaborate on therapies currently in development by other companies. We must develop new products to achieve revenue growth and to offset revenue losses from when products lose their exclusivity or when competing products are launched. We have also experienced challenges in obtaining certain COVID-19-related supplies, including COVID-19 antigen rapid test kits for our staff, as a result of high demand and limited supplies during the Omicron variant surge. The cumulative decrease in diagnoses over the course of the pandemic has suppressed the volume of new patients starting treatment, which we expect to continue to impact our business. We have detailed business continuity plans in place and periodic assessments of our natural disaster risk. However, any natural disaster may also result in prolonged interruption to our critical operational and business activities, and we may be required to incur significant costs to remedy the effects of such natural disasters and fully resume operations. Our reliance on third-party suppliers for certain of our raw materials, medical devices, and components necessary for the manufacturing of our commercial and clinical products could also impact our operational resilience. Manufacturing difficulties, disruptions, or delays could limit the supply of our products and limit our product sales. We are subject to various laws and regulations globally regarding privacy and data protection, including laws and regulations relating to the collection, storage, handling, use, disclosure, transfer, and security of personal data. The legislative and regulatory environment regarding privacy and data protection is continuously evolving and developing and the subject of significant attention globally. Our business activities outside of the United States are subject to the FCPA and similar antibribery or anticorruption laws, regulations, or rules of other countries in which we operate.