The impacts of the pandemic have adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, the corporation, and the pandemic's duration and future impacts remain uncertain. A failure in or breach of operational or security systems or infrastructure or business continuity plans could disrupt critical business operations and customer services, result in additional risk exposures, and adversely impact results of operations and financial condition. We continue to execute business continuity plans in connection with the pandemic. Our risk management framework may not be effective in mitigating risk and reducing the potential for losses. The corporation's ability to adapt its business strategies, products, and services could harm its business. The potential for operational risk exposure exists throughout the organization and as a result of interactions with, and reliance on, third parties and the financial services industry infrastructure. The corporation's and third parties' inability to properly introduce, deploy, and manage changes to internal financial and governance processes could result in additional operational and regulatory risk. The corporation has developed and maintains contingency plans designed to prepare for potential adverse economic, financial, or market stress. These plans include monitoring, escalation, actions, and routines designed to enable the corporation to increase capital, access funding sources, and reduce risk through consideration of potential options. The corporation's risk appetite indicates the amount of capital, earnings, or liquidity it is willing to put at risk to achieve strategic objectives and business plans. The corporation's overall capacity to take risk is limited; therefore, it prioritizes the risks it takes to maintain a strong and flexible financial position. We have established operational procedures to enable us to borrow against assets, including maintaining liquidity at the parent company and selected subsidiaries. The corporation's liquidity risk management objective is to meet expected or unexpected cash flow and collateral requirements while continuing to support businesses and customers under a range of economic conditions. The corporation's response to climate change, climate change strategies, policies, goals, commitments, and ability to achieve climate-related goals could result in reputational harm. The corporation's strategic plan is consistent with its risk appetite, capital plan, and liquidity requirements, and specifically addresses strategic risks. The corporation's risk framework requires that strong risk management practices are integrated into key strategic, capital, and financial planning processes. The corporation has developed and continues to enhance processes to embed climate risk considerations into its risk framework and risk management programs established for strategic, credit, market, liquidity, compliance, operational, and reputational risks. The corporation's ability to attract and retain qualified employees is critical to its success, business prospects, and competitive position. The ongoing pandemic has increased operational, reputational, and compliance risk due to the need to rapidly implement multiple and varying pandemic relief programs. The corporation continues to monitor the pandemic and related risks as they evolve globally and in the U.S. The magnitude and duration of the pandemic and its future direct and indirect effects on global health, the global economy, and the corporation's businesses, results of operations, and financial condition are uncertain and depend on future developments that cannot be predicted.