We are highly dependent on the financial performance of our U.S. and Canadian operations. Our financial and operational performance is highly dependent on our U.S. and Canadian operations, which comprised 86% and 81% of net sales and operating income in 2021, respectively. Any substantial slowing or sustained decline in these operations could materially adversely affect our business and financial results. We may be unsuccessful implementing our growth strategy, including expanding our business in existing markets and new markets, and integrating acquisitions, which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We also may have difficulty negotiating leases or purchase agreements on acceptable terms. Failure to effectively manage these and other similar factors may affect our ability to timely build or lease and operate new warehouses and depots, which could have a material adverse effect on our future growth and profitability. Disruptions in merchandise distribution or processing, packaging, manufacturing, and other facilities could adversely affect sales and member satisfaction. We depend on the orderly operation of the merchandise receiving and distribution process, primarily through our depots. Disruptions due to fires, tornadoes, hurricanes, earthquakes, pandemics, or other extreme weather conditions or catastrophic events may result in delays in the production and delivery of merchandise to our warehouses, which could adversely affect sales and the satisfaction of our members. Our e-commerce business depends heavily on third-party and in-house logistics providers, and that business is negatively affected when these providers are unable to provide services in a timely fashion. We may not timely identify or effectively respond to consumer trends, which could negatively affect our relationship with our members, the demand for our products and services, and our market share. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to identify and respond to trends in demographics and consumer preferences. Failure to identify timely or effectively respond to changing consumer tastes and spending patterns could negatively affect our relationship with our members, the demand for our products and services, and our market share. Availability and performance of our information technology systems are vital to our business. Failure to successfully execute IT projects and have IT systems available to our business would adversely impact our operations. We are undertaking large technology and IT transformation projects. Given the high volume of transactions we process, it is important that we build strong digital resiliency to prevent disruption from events such as power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, and catastrophic events. Any debilitating failure of our critical IT systems would require significant investments in resources to restore IT services and may cause serious impairment in our business operations. We are currently making substantial investments in maintaining and enhancing our digital resiliency, and failure or delay in these projects could be costly and harmful to our business. Natural disasters, extreme weather conditions, public health emergencies, or other catastrophic events could negatively affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The COVID-19 pandemic continues to affect our business in many respects, including supply chain operations and our ability to predict future performance. The pandemic has resulted in widespread and continuing impacts on the global economy and on our employees, members, suppliers, and other entities with which we do business. The pandemic and any preventative or protective actions may result in business disruption, reduced member traffic, and increased operating expenses. The continuing impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic are highly unpredictable and volatile and are affecting certain business operations, demand for our products and services, in-stock positions, costs of doing business, and availability of labor. Factors associated with climate change could adversely affect our business. We are subject to risks associated with legislative, judicial, accounting, regulatory, political, and economic factors specific to the countries or regions in which we operate, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.