Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including external pressures that could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. We face intense competition and must continue to innovate and provide products and services that are useful to users, customers, and other partners to maintain our competitive advantage. The business environment is rapidly evolving, and we must accurately anticipate technology developments and deliver innovative, relevant, and useful products, services, and technologies in a timely manner. We continue to invest significant resources in research and development, including through acquisitions, to enhance our technology and new and existing products and services. Our ongoing investment in new businesses, products, services, and technologies is inherently risky and could divert management attention and harm our financial condition and operating results. We face a number of risks related to manufacturing and supply chain management, which could affect our ability to supply both our products and our internet-based services. We may experience supply shortages and/or price increases that could negatively affect our operations, driven by various factors including natural disasters or pandemics. Our business could be negatively affected if we are not able to engage companies with the necessary capabilities or capacity on reasonable terms. We rely on strong brands, and failing to maintain and enhance our brands would hurt our ability to expand our base of users, advertisers, customers, content providers, and other partners. Our success will depend largely on our ability to remain a technology leader and continue to provide high-quality, trustworthy, innovative products and services. We are exposed to fluctuations in the fair values of our investments, and the fair value of our investments may be negatively affected by various factors including changes in interest rates and the stock market in general. We are subject to claims, suits, government investigations, and other proceedings that may harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. Our international operations expose us to additional risks that could harm our business, including restrictions on foreign ownership and investments, import and export requirements, and evolving foreign policy landscapes. The continuing effects of COVID-19 are highly unpredictable and could have an adverse effect on our business, operations, and future financial performance. The pandemic has created inherent productivity, connectivity, and oversight challenges, and our operating results may fluctuate, making our results difficult to predict. We are committed to maintaining security protections that limit the effect of bugs, theft, misuse, and security vulnerabilities or breaches. We expect to continue to experience cyber attacks and other attempts to gain unauthorized access to our systems. Our products and services are highly technical and complex and have contained, and may contain in the future, errors or vulnerabilities, which could result in interruptions in or failure of our services or systems. We are in the process of implementing a new enterprise resource planning system, which is designed to enhance the flow of financial information and improve data management. Failure to successfully design and implement the ERP system as planned could harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. Our employees are critical to our success, and we expect to continue investing in them. Our corporate culture fosters innovation, creativity, and teamwork, which are essential for our organizational resilience in the face of changing circumstances.