Our businesses routinely encounter and address risks, many of which could cause our future results to be materially different than we presently anticipate. The manner in which we respond to future developments as well as our competitors' reactions to those developments may affect our future operating results. The COVID-19 pandemic has caused significant economic instability and uncertainty globally, which may have a material adverse impact on our business and financial performance. Changes to our business operations and the operations of our third-party partners have introduced security and execution risks that could cause us to experience substantial financial losses and harm our revenues and earnings. Increased, divergent, and changing governmental regulations could make it considerably more difficult to develop, enhance, and support our products and services, which may cause our results of operations and financial condition to suffer. Our growth strategy depends upon our ability to initiate and embrace disruptive technology trends, to enter new markets, and to drive broad adoption of the products and services we develop and market. To remain competitive and continue to grow, we are investing significant resources in our product development, marketing, and sales capabilities. We face risks associated with the hosting, collection, use, and retention of personal customer information and data. Our operational risks arise from internal and external events relating to systems, processes, and people, which include potential security incidents and privacy concerns. We are increasingly incorporating open source software into our products, which may introduce vulnerabilities that make them susceptible to cyberattacks. The security measures that we implement may not be able to prevent unauthorized access to our products and our customers' account data. Our business operations are vulnerable to damage or interruption from natural disasters, climate change, human error, malicious attacks, and other events beyond our control. The implementation of a hybrid model where our workforce will spend a portion of their time working in our offices and a portion of their time working from home may introduce new execution risks and could make it considerably more difficult to develop, enhance, and support our products and services. We continuously invest resources to update and improve our internal information technology systems and software platforms. If we experience prolonged delays or unforeseen difficulties in updating and upgrading our systems and architecture, we may experience outages and may not be able to deliver certain offerings and develop new offerings and enhancements that we need to remain competitive. Our growth is increasingly dependent on the strength of our business relationships and our ability to continue to develop, manage, and maintain new and existing relationships with third-party partners. The failure of third parties to provide acceptable and high-quality products, services, and technologies may result in a disruption to our business operations and our customers, which may reduce our revenues and profits, cause us to lose customers, and damage our reputation. We are subject to various legal proceedings, claims, and regulatory inquiries that have arisen out of the ordinary conduct of our business, and any proceedings, claims, or inquiries initiated by or against us may be time-consuming and may harm our business and future financial results. The risks inherent in our international operations and expansion increase our costs of doing business internationally and may result in harm to our business, operating results, and financial condition. We are subject to federal, state, local, and international laws and regulations that affect the company's activities, which may increase our cost of doing business and limit our revenue opportunities.