The global economic climate and additional or unforeseen effects from the COVID-19 pandemic amplify many risks and uncertainties that could materially affect our business, financial position, or future results of operations. Our global operations expose us to risks associated with public health crises and outbreaks of epidemic diseases, which have adversely impacted our operations, supply chains, and distribution systems. We have experienced significant and unpredictable reductions in demand for our products as healthcare customers divert resources towards the treatment of COVID-19. Hospitals are experiencing staffing shortages and supply chain issues that could impact their ability to provide patient care, which may further affect our business continuity. The unprecedented measures taken to slow the spread of the virus have had a negative impact on our operations and financial results, and our future ways of working changes may present additional risks, uncertainties, and costs that could affect our performance. The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely affected economies and financial markets, potentially resulting in a period of regional, national, and global economic slowdown that could curtail or delay spending by hospitals and affect demand for our products. Our reliance on sole and single-source suppliers poses risks to our ability to meet demand for our products in a timely manner, and disruptions in the supply of components could harm our ability to generate revenues and damage our reputation. We engage in activities to seek to mitigate supply disruptions by increasing communications with suppliers and modifying purchase order coverage and inventory levels. However, the global semiconductor and materials supply shortage is likely to remain a challenge for the foreseeable future, causing inflationary pressure in our supply chain. The competitive landscape is evolving, and technological advances could render our products obsolete or unmarketable. We face competition from companies that develop or have developed robotic-assisted or computer-assisted surgical systems, which may impact our market share. Our success depends on the quality and reliability of our products, and we are subject to product liability claims that could materially adversely affect our financial condition and divert management's attention. We are highly dependent on the principal members of our management and scientific staff, and the loss of qualified personnel could harm our ability to compete. We must continue to adapt our operations and strategies to meet the evolving demands of the healthcare environment, including changes in healthcare legislation and policy that may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Our priorities during the COVID-19 pandemic include focusing on the health and safety of those we serve, supporting our customers according to their priorities, and securing our workforce economically. We will continue to invest in our priority development programs while eliminating avoidable spending. As we evaluate and implement our return-to-office strategy, our top priority remains the health and safety of our employees. The impacts of global climate change may also present risks to our operations, potentially disrupting our supply chain and manufacturing capabilities. We must remain vigilant in our risk management practices to ensure operational continuity and resilience in the face of external pressures and uncertainties.