The COVID-19 pandemic and related ongoing impacts may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. Our recovery has been asynchronous, and the full extent to which the pandemic will affect our results will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain. The pandemic has disrupted and could continue to disrupt our global supply chain, leading to temporary disruptions in certain operations, delays in delivery of concentrates, and production slowdowns. Continuing economic and political uncertainties may slow down or prevent the recovery of demand for our products. We have developed systemwide knowledge-sharing routines and processes, which include the management of any supply chain challenges. Our priorities during the pandemic include ensuring the health and safety of our employees, supporting communities, maintaining product quality and safety, and adapting to shifting consumer demands. The pandemic helped us realize we could be much bolder in our efforts to change, leading to the identification of key objectives to navigate the pandemic and position us to capture growth. The company has transformed into a networked global organization designed to combine the power of scale with the deep knowledge required to win locally. We continuously search for productivity opportunities in our business, although some actions may disrupt ongoing operations and employee morale. Our success depends on our ability to attract, hire, develop, motivate, and retain a highly skilled and diverse workforce, as well as nurturing a culture that supports growth and aligns employees around the company's purpose. The unexpected loss of experienced employees could deplete our institutional knowledge base and erode our competitiveness. We strive to meet the highest standards in product safety and quality, and we work to ensure consistent safety and quality through strong governance and compliance with applicable regulations. Our ability to achieve our environmental, social, and governance goals is subject to risks, many of which are outside of our control. We acknowledge that we have a role to play in developing and implementing solutions related to these challenges. The company recognizes the importance of adapting to the rapidly changing retail landscape, including the growth of digital commerce, and we are increasing our investments in e-commerce to support retail and meal delivery services. We must continuously strengthen our capabilities in marketing and innovation to maintain consumer interest and brand loyalty. Our organizational structure consists of various operating segments, and we engage in buying and selling ownership interests in bottling partners and other manufacturing operations to improve performance. The company believes its current liquidity position is strong and will continue to be sufficient to fund operating activities and cash commitments for investing and financing activities for the foreseeable future. We expect to continue to see improvements in our business as we adapt to uncertainties resulting from the pandemic, while also focusing on long-term opportunities.