Certain factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations, including risks related to our product offerings and business operations. The COVID-19 pandemic has previously had, and may in the future have, a significant adverse impact on our advertising revenue and exposes our business to various risks, including volatility in the size of our user base and user engagement. Our ability to retain existing users or add new users, or if our users decrease their level of engagement with our products, may significantly harm our revenue and financial results. We have experienced fluctuations and declines in the size of our active user base in one or more markets from time to time, particularly in markets where we have achieved higher penetration rates. User engagement patterns have changed over time, and user engagement can be difficult to measure, particularly as we introduce new and different products and services. We anticipate that our active user growth rate will continue to generally decline over time as the size of our active user base increases. Our financial performance has been and will continue to be significantly determined by our success in adding, retaining, and engaging active users of our products that deliver ad impressions. We may experience reduced advertising demand and related declines in pricing in future periods, which could adversely affect our advertising revenue growth. The demand for and pricing of our advertising services may be materially and adversely impacted by the pandemic for the foreseeable future, and we are unable to predict the duration or degree of such impact with any certainty. The pandemic previously contributed to an acceleration in the growth of online commerce, which in turn increased demand for our advertising services. However, we believe this growth has moderated in many regions, which could adversely affect our advertising revenue growth. Our advertising revenue growth in the second half of 2021 was adversely affected by reduced marketer spending as a result of limitations on our ad targeting and measurement tools arising from changes to the iOS operating system. We expect that future advertising revenue growth will continue to be adversely affected by these and other limitations on our ad targeting and measurement tools arising from changes to the regulatory environment and third-party mobile operating systems and browsers. We have also invested significant resources in growing our WhatsApp and Messenger products to support increasing usage of such products. Our ability to retain, increase, and engage our user base and to increase our revenue depends heavily on our ability to continue to evolve our existing products and to create successful new products. We may introduce significant changes to our existing products or acquire or introduce new and unproven products, including using technologies with which we have little or no prior development or operating experience. Our business is highly competitive, and we face significant competition in every aspect of our business. Our ability to compete effectively depends upon many factors both within and beyond our control, including the popularity, usefulness, ease of use, performance, and reliability of our products compared to our competitors' products. We believe that maintaining and enhancing our brands is critical to expanding our base of users, marketers, and developers. The actions of our developers or advertisers may affect our brands if users do not have a positive experience using third-party mobile and web applications integrated with our products or interacting with parties that advertise through our products. We rely on data signals from user activity on websites and services that we do not control in order to deliver relevant and effective ads to our users, and any changes in our ability to use such signals will adversely affect our business.