You should consider the risks described below in conjunction with the other information presented in this report. Our business performance and growth plans could be negatively affected if we are not able to develop and implement improvements in technology or respond effectively to the threat of digital disruption and other technological change. Our inability to successfully recover should we experience a disaster or other business continuity or data recovery problem could cause material financial loss, loss of human capital, regulatory actions, reputational harm or legal liability. If we experience a local or regional disaster or other business continuity event, our ability to operate will depend, in part, on the continued availability of our personnel, our office facilities and the proper functioning of our computer, telecommunication and other related systems and operations. Global health concerns relating to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and related government actions taken to reduce the spread of the virus have impacted our workforce and operations and the operations of our clients, third-party vendors and business partners, and could in the future materially adversely impact our business, operations and financial results. We regularly assess and take steps to improve our existing business continuity, disaster recovery and data recovery plans and key management succession. However, a disaster or other continuity event on a significant scale or affecting certain of our key operating areas within or across regions, or our inability to successfully recover from such an event, could materially interrupt our business operations and result in material financial loss, loss of human capital, regulatory actions, reputational harm, damaged client relationships and legal liability. The COVID-19 pandemic has impacted how we work, and the extent to which it will continue to do so and its impact on our future financial results are uncertain. The company expects it will continue to service clients effectively in a remote or hybrid work environment, but the extent to which the COVID-19 outbreak continues to impact our business will depend on future developments, which remain highly uncertain and are difficult to predict. Our operations depend in particular upon our ability to protect our technology infrastructure against damage. If a business continuity event occurs, we could lose client or company data or experience interruptions to our operations or delivery of services to our clients, which could have a material adverse effect. The risk of business disruption is more pronounced in certain geographic areas, including major metropolitan centers, where we have significant operations. We rely on a large number of vendors and other third parties to perform key functions of our business operations and to provide services to our clients. These third parties may act in ways that could harm our business. A failure by the third parties to comply with service level agreements in a high-quality and timely manner, particularly during periods of our peak demand for their services, could result in economic and reputational harm to us. The company has a history of making acquisitions and investments, and the process of integrating the information systems of any businesses we acquire is complex and exposes us to additional risk. We may not adequately identify weaknesses and vulnerabilities in an acquired entity's information systems, which could affect the value we are able to derive from the acquisition, expose us to unexpected liabilities or make our own systems more vulnerable to a cyberattack. We face significant competitive pressures in each of our businesses, including from disintermediation, as our competitive landscape continues to evolve. The increasing scrutiny and changing expectations from investors, clients and our colleagues with respect to our environmental, social and governance practices may impose additional costs on us or expose us to new or additional risks.