Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described below, that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the trading price of our common stock. We face intense competition across all markets for our products and services, which may lead to lower revenue or operating margins. Our ability to remain competitive depends on our success in making innovative products, devices, and services that appeal to businesses and consumers. We embrace cultural and organizational changes to drive accountability and eliminate obstacles to innovation. Our strategic vision is to compete and grow by building best-in-class platforms and productivity services for an intelligent cloud and an intelligent edge infused with artificial intelligence. The success of our cloud-based services depends on our execution in several areas, including maintaining the utility, compatibility, and performance of our cloud-based services on the growing array of computing devices. It is uncertain whether our strategies will attract users or generate the revenue required to succeed. If we fail to generate sufficient usage of our new products and services, we may not grow revenue in line with the infrastructure and development investments described above, which may negatively impact gross margins and operating income. We make significant investments in products and services that may not achieve expected returns. Our increasing focus on cloud-based services presents execution and competitive risks. The markets for software, devices, and cloud-based services are dynamic and highly competitive. Our success is highly dependent on our ability to attract and retain qualified employees. We must continue to evolve and adapt over an extended time in pace with this changing environment. The covid-19 pandemic has impacted and may continue to impact our business operations, including our employees, customers, partners, and communities. The occurrence of regional epidemics or a global pandemic may adversely affect our operations, financial condition, and results of operations. A disruption or failure of our systems or operations because of a major earthquake, weather event, cyberattack, terrorist attack, pandemic, or other catastrophic event could cause delays in completing sales, providing services, or performing other critical functions. Our corporate headquarters and a significant portion of our research and development activities are in seismically active regions. Providing our customers with more services and solutions in the cloud puts a premium on the resilience of our systems and the strength of our business continuity management plans. Abrupt political change, terrorist activity, and armed conflict pose a risk of general economic disruption in affected countries, which may increase our operating costs. These conditions may add uncertainty to the timing and budget for technology investment decisions by our customers and may cause supply chain disruptions for hardware manufacturers. Our global business exposes us to operational and economic risks. Our customers are located throughout the world, and a significant part of our revenue comes from international sales. The global nature of our business creates operational, economic, and geopolitical risks. Our results of operations may be affected by global, regional, and local economic developments, monetary policy, inflation, and recession, as well as political and military disputes. We strive to empower all people and organizations to achieve more, and accessibility of our products is an important aspect of this goal. If our products do not meet customer expectations or global accessibility requirements, we could lose sales opportunities or face regulatory or legal actions.