Our operations could also be affected by other factors that are presently unknown to us or not considered significant. The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Negative impacts to our operations include reductions in production levels, R&D activities, product development, and technology transitions, resulting from our efforts to mitigate the impact of COVID-19 through measures we have enacted at our locations around the world. Disruptions to our manufacturing operations from natural disasters or other events may also occur. Our operations are dependent on our ability to procure advanced semiconductor manufacturing equipment that enables the transition to lower cost manufacturing processes. Our inability to obtain equipment on a timely basis could adversely affect our ability to transition to next generation manufacturing processes and reduce our costs. Our operations, and the global supply chain of the technology industry, are subject to a number of risks, including the effects of actions and policies of various governments across our global operations and supply chain. We face geopolitical and other risks associated with our international sales and operations that could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Our supply chain and operations are dependent on the availability of materials that meet exacting standards and the use of third parties to provide us with components and services. We generally have multiple sources of supply for our materials and services. However, only a limited number of suppliers are capable of delivering certain materials and services that meet our standards. Various factors could impact the availability of materials or components such as chemicals, silicon wafers, and other inputs necessary for the operation of our business. Disruptions in transportation lines could delay our receipt of materials. Our inability to source materials, supplies, capital equipment, or third-party services could affect our overall production output and our ability to fulfill customer demand. Significant or prolonged shortages of our products could halt customer manufacturing and damage our relationships with these customers. Our business, results of operations, or financial condition could be adversely affected by the limited availability and quality of materials, supplies, and capital equipment, or dependency on third-party service providers. We may face risks from our arbitration proceeding with Intel in connection with our former IMFT joint venture. Our future success depends on our ability to develop and produce competitive new memory and storage technologies. We may be unable to protect our intellectual property or retain key employees who are knowledgeable of and develop our intellectual property. Our inability to attract, retain, and motivate executives and other employees or effectively manage or plan for succession of key employees may inhibit our ability to maintain or expand our business operations. Our incentives from various governments are conditional upon achieving or maintaining certain performance obligations and are subject to reduction, termination, or clawback. We may incur restructuring charges in future periods. We have ceased development of 3D XPoint technology and classified our Lehi facility assets as held for sale. Our operations are dependent on our ability to procure advanced semiconductor manufacturing equipment that enables the transition to lower cost manufacturing processes. Our inability to obtain advanced semiconductor manufacturing equipment in a timely manner could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. If production is disrupted for any reason, manufacturing yields may be adversely affected, or we may be unable to meet our customers' requirements and they may purchase products from other suppliers. This could result in a significant increase in manufacturing costs, loss of revenue, or damage to customer relationships, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.