If our efforts to attract and retain members are not successful, our business will be adversely affected. The ongoing coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and the various responses to it have created significant volatility, uncertainty, and economic disruption. The full extent to which the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic impacts our business, operations, and financial results will depend on numerous evolving factors that we may not be able to accurately predict. Production disruptions can result in additional costs, including additional pay to cast and crew. We will continue to actively monitor the issues raised by the COVID-19 pandemic and may take further actions that alter our business operations, including content production, as may be required by federal, state, local, or foreign authorities, or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, members, partners, and stockholders. Our ability to continue to attract and retain members will depend in part on our ability to consistently provide our members with compelling content choices. If we do not grow as expected, given that our content costs are largely fixed in nature and contracted over several years, we may not be able to adjust our expenditures or increase our revenues commensurate with the lowered growth rate such that our margins, liquidity, and results of operation may be adversely impacted. We face risks, such as unforeseen costs and potential liability in connection with content we acquire, produce, license, and/or distribute through our service. As we expand our operations internationally, we are managing and adjusting our business to address varied content offerings, consumer customs and practices, as well as differing legal and regulatory environments. If we are not able to manage the growing complexity of our business, including improving, refining, or revising our corporate culture as well as our systems and operational practices related to our streaming operations and original content, our business may be adversely affected. We believe that a positive reputation concerning our service is important in attracting and retaining members. If we fail to maintain or establish a positive reputation concerning our service, including the content we offer, we may not be able to attract or retain members, and our operating results may be adversely affected. The risks associated with acquisitions or investments include the difficulty of integrating solutions, operations, and personnel; inheriting liabilities and exposure to litigation; and failure to realize anticipated benefits and expected synergies. Our ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform itself to emerge stronger from challenging situations is critical. We rely upon a number of partners to make our service available on their devices. If we are not successful in maintaining existing and creating new relationships, or if we encounter technological, content licensing, regulatory, business, or other impediments to delivering our streaming content to our members via these devices, our ability to retain members and grow our business could be adversely impacted. Our substantial indebtedness and other obligations may limit our flexibility to plan for or react to changes in our business and the market segments in which we operate. The long-term and largely fixed cost nature of our content commitments may limit our operating flexibility and could adversely affect our liquidity and results of operations. Our business could be adversely impacted by costs and challenges associated with strategic acquisitions and investments. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has disrupted our business, increased our costs, and led to delays in content releases. We may face potential liability for negligence, copyright and trademark infringement, or other claims based on the nature and content of materials that we acquire, produce, license, and/or distribute.