The company's purpose is to make the world work better for everyone. The transformation to digital operations, enabled by the now platform, increases our customers' resiliency and security and delivers great experiences and additional value to their employees and consumers. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we continue to focus on maintaining business continuity, helping our employees, customers, and communities, and preparing for the future and the long-term success of our business. We are continuing to monitor the actual and potential effects of the COVID-19 pandemic across our business. The extent and continued impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business will depend on certain developments including the duration and spread of the outbreak and new variant strains of the virus; the availability and distribution of effective vaccines; the severity of the economic decline attributable to the pandemic and timing, nature, and sustainability of economic recovery; and government responses, including vaccination or testing mandates, all of which are highly uncertain and unpredictable. Our operations involve the storage, transmission, and processing of our customers' confidential, proprietary, and sensitive data, which may include personally identifiable information, protected health information, financial information, and, in some cases, government information. While we have security measures and a data governance framework in place designed to protect customer information and prevent data loss, these measures may contain legacy code vulnerabilities, have limited implementation, or be breached because of employee error or intentional action or third-party actions, including unintentional events or deliberate attacks by cyber criminals or foreign state actors. We devote significant financial and personnel resources to implement and maintain security measures while meeting customer expectations as to the performance of our systems; however, as cybersecurity threats develop and grow more complex over time, we will continue to make significant further investments to protect data and infrastructure, but a residual risk may remain despite our preventative efforts. Our business depends on our platform to be available without disruption. From time to time, we experience defects, disruptions, outages, and other performance and quality problems with our platform, and new defects may be detected in the future and may arise from our increasing use of the public cloud. Disruptions or defects in our services could damage our customers' businesses, subject us to substantial liability, and harm our reputation and financial results. Our customers use our services to manage important aspects of their businesses, and our reputation and business will be adversely affected if our customers and potential customers believe our services are unreliable. The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and continues to have, a significant impact around the world, and it is difficult to assess or predict its continued impact on the global economic market, which will be highly dependent upon the continuing actions of governments, businesses, and other organizations in response to the pandemic and the effectiveness of those actions. We have made significant investments to support future sales opportunities in various government sectors. This includes obtaining and maintaining additional cloud security authorizations in the US for the ServiceNow government community cloud. We have also made significant investments to obtain security authorizations and certifications outside the US. However, government certification requirements may change, or we may be unable to achieve or sustain one or more government certification or authorization. As we continue to expand our business internationally, we will inevitably do more business with large enterprises and the public sector in countries that are perceived to have heightened levels of public sector corruption. Increased business in countries perceived to have heightened levels of corruption could subject us and our officers and directors to increased scrutiny and increased liability from our business operations.