Our business results depend on our ability to manage disruptions in our global supply chain. The loss or disruption of key manufacturing and supply arrangements, including for issues such as labor disputes, loss or impairment of key manufacturing sites, or significant changes in trade policy, could interrupt product supply and, if not effectively managed, could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. We must successfully manage the demand, supply, and operational challenges associated with the effects of a disease outbreak, including epidemics or pandemics. Our ability to meet our customers' needs and achieve cost targets depends on maintaining key manufacturing and supply arrangements. Disruptions in our manufacturing, supply, and distribution operations due to the COVID-19 pandemic may impact our costs and ability to meet customer demands. We have experienced some disruption in our supply chain in certain markets due to the restriction of employee movements and increased transportation costs. The company has endeavored to follow actions recommended by governments and health authorities to protect our employees worldwide, with particular measures in place for those working in our plants and distribution facilities. Our business could be negatively impacted by reduced demand for our products related to significant local, regional, or global economic or social disruptions. Uncertain economic or social conditions may adversely impact demand for our products or cause our customers and other business partners to suffer financial hardship, which could adversely impact our business. We must also successfully respond to competitive factors and emerging retail trends, including pricing, promotional incentives, product delivery windows, and trade terms. Our success depends on our ability to successfully manage relationships with our retail trade customers, which includes our ability to offer trade terms that are mutually acceptable and aligned with our pricing and profitability targets. Our company also devotes time and resources to citizenship efforts that are consistent with our corporate values and are designed to strengthen our business and protect and preserve our reputation. If we are unable to effectively manage real or perceived issues, including concerns about safety, quality, ingredients, efficacy, environmental or social impacts, sentiments toward the company or our products could be negatively impacted. Our ability to achieve our business objectives depends on how well we can compete with our local and global competitors in new and existing markets and channels. The consumer products industry is highly competitive, and we experience ongoing competitive pressures in the environments in which we operate, which may result in challenges in maintaining sales and profit margins. Our financial projections assume certain ongoing productivity improvements and cost savings, including staffing adjustments as well as employee departures. Successfully executing organizational change, management transitions at leadership levels of the company, and motivation and retention of key employees is critical to our business success. Our ability to successfully manage compliance with current and expanding laws and regulations, as well as manage new and pending legal and regulatory matters, is essential for maintaining organizational resilience. We must be able to successfully manage the impacts of acquisition, joint venture, and divestiture activities while delivering against our business objectives. The company's reputation, and the reputation of our brands, form the foundation of our relationships with key stakeholders and other constituencies, including consumers, customers, and suppliers.