Our financial condition and results of operations have been and are expected to continue to be adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. The pandemic has required us to make controversial decisions about precautionary measures, which could impact our results, including by impacting our brand, employee retention and satisfaction, and customer willingness to buy our products. These conditions could fundamentally impact the way we work and the services we provide, and could have continuing adverse effects on our results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition. Prolonged volatility or significant disruption of global financial markets due in part to the pandemic could have a negative impact on our ability to access capital markets and other funding sources on acceptable terms. Our operating results are subject to a number of factors largely outside our control, including disruptions to our supply chain, severe weather, geopolitical events, and changes in governmental rules. Economic conditions in the U.S. and international markets could adversely affect our business and financial results. Our results of operations are sensitive to changes in or uncertainty about macroeconomic conditions, and negative economic conditions could lead to long-lasting changes in consumer purchasing behavior. We may not be successful in implementing important strategic initiatives or effectively managing growth, which may have an adverse impact on our business and financial results. Our success depends substantially on the value of our brands, and failure to preserve their value could negatively impact our financial results. We are working to manage risks and costs associated with climate change and diminishing resources, which may expose us to operational and execution risks. Our global business strategy relies significantly on a variety of business partners, and if they do not satisfactorily fulfill their responsibilities, it could damage our brand and financial results. We face risks related to food safety and potential incidents that could harm our business, including adverse public opinions and the impact of food safety issues. Our ability to attract and retain high-quality talent is critical to our performance, and labor shortages could materially harm our business. The ongoing relevance of our brand may depend on the success of our people- and planet-positive initiatives, which require company-wide coordination and alignment. We are increasingly dependent on the success of certain international markets to achieve our growth targets, and our international operations are subject to additional risks inherent in conducting business abroad. Our financial performance is highly dependent on our North America operating segment, and any slowdown in this segment could adversely affect our overall business. We continue to invest in technology and digital capabilities to enhance customer experiences and drive growth, but we must balance the need for flexibility with consistency in our policies and standards. Our ability to manage growth and respond to evolving consumer preferences is critical to our organizational resilience, and we must effectively navigate the challenges posed by environmental disruptions and changing market dynamics.