The covid-19 pandemic and its effects have affected, and may have a material adverse effect on, our results of operations. Our business continuity program has been effective to date. While we have been able to continue our operations during this time, maintaining a remote work environment for an extended period of time may have a material adverse effect on our productivity and our ability to meet the needs of our clients and exposes us to operational risks. We regularly assess and take steps to improve our existing business continuity plans and key management succession. However, a disaster on a significant scale or affecting certain of our key operating areas within or across regions, or our inability to successfully recover should we experience a disaster or other business continuity problem, could materially interrupt our business operations and result in material financial loss, loss of human capital, regulatory actions, reputational harm, damaged client relationships or legal liability. We are subject to business uncertainties and contractual restrictions while the merger and related divestitures are pending, which could adversely affect our business and operations. In connection with the pendency of the merger and related divestitures, it is possible that some customers, suppliers, partners and other persons with whom we have a business relationship may delay or defer certain business decisions or might decide to seek to terminate, change or renegotiate their relationships with us as a result of the merger, a divestiture or otherwise, which could negatively affect our revenue, earnings and/or cash flow, as well as the market price of our common stock, regardless of whether the merger or any such divestiture is completed. Our ability to realize anticipated benefits from the merger is subject to certain risks, including whether we will perform as expected, the possibility that we paid more for ihs markit than the value we will derive from the merger and the assumption of known and unknown liabilities of ihs markit. The integration process and other disruptions, including increased cyber security risk, resulting from the merger may also adversely affect the combined company's relationships with employees, suppliers, customers, distributors and others with whom we have business or other dealings, and difficulties in integrating the businesses of s&p global and ihs markit could harm the reputation of the combined company. Our operations rely on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential, sensitive and other types of data and information in our computer systems and networks and those of our third-party vendors. We experience cyber attacks and data breaches of varying degrees on a regular basis. Although there has not been a cyber attack that has had a material adverse effect on the company to date, there can be no assurance that we will not experience such an impact. Our ability to conduct business may be materially and adversely impacted by a disruption in the infrastructure that supports our businesses and the communities in which we are located, including major cities worldwide in which we have offices. We believe we have appropriate policies, processes and internal controls to ensure the stability of our information technology, provide security from unauthorized access to our systems and maintain business continuity, but our business could be subject to significant disruption and our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by unanticipated system failures, data corruption or unauthorized access to our systems. Our ability to attract and retain key qualified personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Our reputation, credibility, and brand are key assets and competitive advantages of our company and our business may be affected by how we are perceived in the marketplace.