The COVID-19 pandemic has materially adversely affected our operations, supply chain, manufacturing, product distribution, customers, and other business activities. The pandemic has led to severe disruptions in the market and the global economy, which may continue for a prolonged duration and trigger a recession or a period of economic slowdown. A significant number of our customers, global suppliers, distributors, and manufacturing facilities are located in regions affected by the pandemic, resulting in material impacts on those operations due to restrictive measures. Delays or shortages in the supply of components or materials may hinder our ability to satisfy consumer demand for our products in a timely manner, potentially harming our reputation, future sales, and profitability. The pandemic could also adversely impact our ability, and that of our third-party suppliers, manufacturers, distributors, and customers, to retain key employees and ensure the continued availability of skilled personnel necessary to run complex operations. The extent of the pandemic's effect on our business will depend on future developments, including the duration, spread, and intensity of the pandemic and the successful development and distribution of vaccines. We have experienced a significant and unpredictable need to adjust our operations as market demand for certain products has shifted, particularly as elective medical procedures were suspended or reduced, negatively affecting our business and cash flows. Unpredictable increases in demand for certain products have exceeded our capacity to meet such demand timely, adversely affecting customer relationships and potentially leading to negative publicity. Our relationships with employees may be disrupted due to measures implemented in response to the pandemic, and we have observed a tightening and increasingly competitive labor market due to labor shortages caused in part by the pandemic. The actions we take to mitigate the effect of the pandemic on our workforce could reduce the efficiency of our operations or prove insufficient. Our access to healthcare professionals has been limited as hospitals have restricted access for non-patients, adversely affecting our ability to develop, market, and sell products. We rely on indirect distribution channels that have been adversely affected by precautionary responses to the pandemic, which may risk our ability to continue to market and distribute our products. Our global operations are subject to risks, including changes in reimbursement, regulatory requirements, and political and economic instability, which could adversely impact our ability to successfully manage these risks in an increasingly volatile environment. We may be compelled to take additional measures to preserve our cash flow, including reducing operating expenses or suspending dividend payments, until the consequences of the pandemic subside. The ongoing remote work environment could harm our culture and decrease employee engagement, adversely impacting our ability to recruit, hire, develop, and retain a competitive workforce. Interruptions in manufacturing operations could adversely affect our business, and damage to our facilities or those of our suppliers could affect product availability. Our reliance on certain suppliers exposes us to product shortages and unanticipated increases in prices, which could adversely impact our competitive position. The physical effects of climate change could cause significant business and supply chain interruptions, damage to our products and facilities, and increased costs, which could adversely affect our operations and results.