The company has mobilized to support the COVID-19 response with products and services that help diagnose the virus as well as assisting customers to develop therapeutics and vaccines used to protect from the virus. Our ability to continue to manufacture products is highly dependent on our ability to maintain the safety and health of our factory employees. The ability of our employees to work may be significantly impacted by individuals contracting or being exposed to COVID-19. While we are following the requirements of governmental authorities and taking preventative and protective measures to prioritize the safety of our employees, these measures may not be successful, and we may be required to temporarily close facilities or take other measures. The global spread of COVID-19 has created significant volatility, uncertainty, and worldwide economic disruption, resulting in an economic slowdown of potentially extended duration. Our business is affected by general economic conditions and related uncertainties affecting markets in which we operate. Our growth depends in part on the growth of the markets which we serve. Any decline or lower than expected growth in our served markets could diminish demand for our products and services, which would adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Our strategy to grow in emerging markets may not be successful, and growth rates in these markets may not be sustainable. We are subject to risks associated with public health crises and epidemics/pandemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic. The company has experienced significant reductions in customer activity in several businesses, which materially adversely affected primarily the 2020 results of the analytical instruments segment. The negative impact significantly lessened in 2021, but could worsen in 2022 dependent on the success of global efforts to control and unwind from the pandemic and economic activity ramping up. We must develop new products, adapt to rapid and significant technological change, and respond to introductions of new products by competitors to remain competitive. Our growth strategy includes significant investment in and expenditures for product development. We are pursuing a number of strategies to improve our internal growth, including strengthening our presence in selected geographic markets, allocating research and development funding to products with higher growth prospects, and expanding our service offerings. Our business strategy includes the acquisition of technologies and businesses that complement or augment our existing products and services. The integration process may also result in significant expenses and charges, both cash and noncash. We have significant operations in California, near major earthquake faults, which make us susceptible to earthquake risk. An earthquake or other natural disaster could disrupt our operations or impair our critical systems. Natural disasters, public health crises, political crises, and other catastrophic events may disrupt our facilities or the facilities of third parties on which we depend, and could impact customer spending. Our reliance upon sole or limited sources of supply for certain materials or components could cause production interruptions, delays, and inefficiencies. The supply chains for our businesses could also be disrupted by supplier capacity constraints, bankruptcy, or exiting of the business for other reasons, decreased availability of key raw materials or commodities, and external events such as natural disasters, pandemic health issues, and governmental actions. Our key business partners face similar risks, and any security breach of their systems could adversely affect our security posture. We cannot ensure that we will be able to hire or retain the personnel necessary for our operations or that the loss of any personnel will not have a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations.