The pandemic may continue to adversely affect our business, liquidity, financial condition, and operating results. Current and future pandemic-related restrictions on transportation networks and supply chain shortages could impact our ability to acquire handsets or other end-user devices in amounts sufficient to meet customer demand. The extent to which the pandemic may impact our future operational and financial performance remains uncertain and is subject to many factors outside of our control. We face increased competition from other service providers, including from cable, wireline, and satellite providers, as industry sectors converge. This competition and our capacity will continue to put pressure on pricing and margins as companies compete for a relatively fixed pool of customers. Our ability to compete will depend upon continued improvement in network quality and customer service, effective marketing, innovation, and attractive pricing, all of which will involve significant expenses. We have recently experienced a criminal cyberattack and could in the future be further harmed by disruption, data loss, or other security breaches. Our business involves the receipt, storage, and transmission of our customers' confidential information, and unauthorized access to this information is difficult to anticipate, detect, or prevent. We are considered a critical infrastructure provider and therefore are a persistent target of cyberattacks. The pandemic has presented additional operational and cybersecurity risks to our IT systems due to work-from-home arrangements. We expect to continue to be the target of cyberattacks, data breaches, or security incidents, given the nature of our business. System failures and business disruptions may prevent us from providing reliable service, which could materially adversely affect our reputation and financial condition. We rely upon systems and networks to provide and support our services, and physical damage, power surges, or outages could cause us to lose customers and revenue. The continued interest in acquiring spectrum may reduce our ability to acquire additional spectrum in the future. The challenges in satisfying government commitments could adversely impact our business, financial condition, and operating results. We expect to incur significant costs to track, monitor, comply with, and fulfill our obligations under these government commitments. Our business, financial condition, and operating results are sensitive to changes in general economic conditions, including consumer credit conditions and unemployment rates. We may incur significant costs in identifying, hiring, and replacing departing employees and may lose significant expertise and talent. The integration of T-Mobile's and Sprint's businesses and culture could have an adverse impact on our employees. The combination of two independent businesses is complex, costly, and time-consuming, and may disrupt our business or otherwise impact our ability to compete. We expect to incur substantial additional expenses in connection with migrating the Sprint customer base and integrating T-Mobile's and Sprint's businesses. The difficulties of combining the operations of the companies include diversion of management attention, difficulties in integrating operations and systems, and challenges in retaining existing customers. We have incurred certain cyberattack-related expenses and expect to continue to incur additional expenses, including costs to remediate the attack and enhance customer protection. We are subject to numerous lawsuits and regulatory inquiries as a result of the cyberattack, which may have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. The pandemic has resulted in economic uncertainty, which could affect our customers' purchasing decisions and ability to make timely payments. As a critical communications infrastructure provider, our focus has been on providing crucial connectivity to our customers while ensuring the safety and well-being of our employees.