The global spread of the coronavirus (COVID-19) has created significant uncertainty and economic disruption, both near-term and potentially long-term. We have modified, and might further modify, our business practices in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, related third-party responses, including from government authorities and our suppliers, customers, and distributors, and the economic and social ramifications of the disease and societal responses across the markets in which we operate. Our ability to match inventory and production with the product mix needed to fill orders may affect our ability to meet a quarter's revenue forecast. We manufacture products with the intent to provide high levels of customer service. Our manufacturing forecasts are based on multiple assumptions, and if inaccurate, could cause us to hold inadequate, excess, or obsolete inventory that would reduce our profit margins and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Our operating results and our reputation could be adversely affected by cybersecurity events, breaches, disruptions, or other incidents relating to our information technology systems. Cybersecurity or other threats to our information technology systems or the systems of our customers, vendors, and other third parties are frequent and constantly evolving, thereby increasing the difficulty of defending against them. Our ability to successfully implement strategic, business, and organizational changes could affect our business plans and results of operations. From time to time, we undertake strategic, business, and organizational changes, including acquisitions, divestitures, and restructuring actions, to support or carry out our objectives. If we do not successfully implement these changes, our business plans and operating results could be adversely affected. Our results of operations could be affected by natural events in the locations in which we operate. We have manufacturing, data, and design facilities and other operations in locations subject to natural occurrences such as severe weather, geological events, or epidemics that could disrupt operations. Rapid technological change in markets we serve requires us to develop new technologies and products. Our results of operations depend in part upon our ability to successfully develop, manufacture, and market innovative products in a timely and cost-effective manner. We face supply chain and manufacturing risks. We rely on third parties to supply us with goods and services in a cost-effective and timely manner. Our access to needed goods and services may be adversely affected by potential disputes with suppliers or disruptions in our own or suppliers' operations as a result of, for example: quality excursions; uncertainty regarding the stability of global credit and financial markets; domestic or international political, social, economic, and other conditions; natural events or epidemics in the locations in which our suppliers operate; or limited or delayed access to and high costs of key materials, natural resources, services, and utilities. Limited or delayed access to and high costs of key materials, natural resources, services, and utilities could adversely affect our results of operations. Our continued success depends in part on our ability to retain and recruit a sufficient number of qualified employees in a competitive environment. Our continued success depends in part on the retention and recruitment of skilled personnel, as well as the effective management of succession for key employees. We believe we have the necessary financial resources and operating plans to fund our working capital needs, capital expenditures, dividend and debt-related payments, and other business requirements for at least the next 12 months.