The following discussion addresses significant factors, events, and uncertainties that make an investment in our securities risky and provides important information for the understanding of our operations under challenging conditions. We must manage fluctuating demand for our services and network capacity, as significant reductions in demand for rail services can lead to increased costs associated with resizing our operations. If there is significant demand that exceeds the designed capacity of our network, we may experience network difficulties that could compromise the level of service we provide to our customers. Although we continue to improve our transportation plan, we cannot be sure that these measures will fully address any service shortcomings resulting from demand exceeding our planned capacity. We are exposed to severe weather conditions and other natural phenomena that can adversely affect our entire rail network, potentially negatively impacting revenue, costs, and liabilities. Our revenues can also be adversely affected by severe weather that causes damage and disruptions to our customers. We rely on technology in all aspects of our business, and if we do not have sufficient capital or do not deploy sufficient capital in a timely manner to acquire or maintain technology, we may suffer a competitive disadvantage. We are subject to cybersecurity risks, and a successful cyber-attack may result in significant service interruption, operational difficulties, and financial losses. We face competition from other transportation providers, and any significant adverse economic developments could materially affect the cost or value of imports or exports, impacting our operations. Labor disputes could compromise our service reliability and have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. We are subject to significant governmental regulation, and our failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on us. We are continually evaluating our financial condition and liquidity, analyzing a wide range of economic scenarios and their impact on our ability to generate cash. Our capital plan includes investments to support our growth strategy and improve the safety and resilience of the network. We expect volume to outpace industrial production, driven by our business development efforts. Economic uncertainties remain, as the impacts of COVID-19 could have a material impact on our financial and operating results. We will focus on efficiently managing operations, seeking new business opportunities, and providing excellent service to our customers. Our initiatives will be informed by recommendations identified in assessments of our safety programs, and we will continue to adapt to protect the safety of our employees and customers. We are dedicated to maintaining a healthy workplace and continue monitoring COVID-19 case levels, modifying our policies as needed to protect employees. We will continue transforming our railroad to increase reliability of our service product, reduce variability in network operations, and improve resource utilization. Our capital investments are intended to improve operational performance and efficiency, and we will continue to make adjustments to our transportation plans in response to operational challenges.