Our business, financial condition and results of operations are and will remain subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including the outbreak and spread of the coronavirus COVID-19, which has had a significant impact on our operations, financial performance and liquidity. The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in weakened economic conditions, significant supply chain disruptions, and ongoing economic uncertainty and volatility in global financial markets. The effects of the pandemic have significantly impacted our operations and may continue to do so, creating challenges in maintaining operational effectiveness and adapting to changing conditions. We are unable to predict the full extent to which the pandemic will continue to impact us, as the future impact on our operations, financial condition and liquidity remains uncertain and difficult to predict. Our industry is rapidly evolving, and we expect to continue to face significant competition on a local, regional, national, and international basis. If we do not timely and appropriately respond to competitive pressures, including maintaining our profitability, we could be materially adversely affected. We must attract, engage, develop, and retain a large and diverse global workforce while controlling labor costs and maintaining an environment that supports our core values. Our ability to control labor costs is subject to numerous factors, including turnover, training costs, regulatory changes, market pressures, and inflation. If we are unable to hire, properly train, and retain qualified employees, we could experience higher labor costs, reduced revenues, and customer losses. Increased security requirements impose substantial costs on us, and we could be the target of an attack or have a security breach, which could materially adversely affect us. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and the volatile regional and global economic conditions stemming from it could also precipitate or aggravate risk factors that we identify. We are exposed to changing economic, political, and social developments that are beyond our control. Our success depends in part on our ability to maintain the image of our brand and our reputation. Service quality issues could tarnish the image of our brand and may cause customers not to use our services. Damage to our reputation and loss of brand equity could have a material adverse effect on us, requiring additional resources to rebuild our reputation. We have invested and expect to continue to invest in technology security initiatives, information technology risk management, and disaster recovery plans. The effects of climate change create financial and operational risks to our business, both directly and indirectly. We have made several public statements regarding our intended reduction of carbon emissions, and we may be required to expend significant additional resources to meet these goals. Severe weather conditions or other natural or man-made disasters have in the past and may in the future disrupt our business. Economic, political, or social developments and other risks associated with international operations could materially adversely affect us. Our inability to effectively integrate any acquired operations and realize the anticipated benefits could materially adversely affect us. We monitor and manage currency exchange rates and interest rate exposure and use derivative instruments to mitigate the impact of changes in these rates on our financial condition and results of operations; however, changes in exchange rates and interest rates cannot always be predicted or effectively hedged. Our business requires significant capital investments, and if we do not accurately forecast our future investment needs, we could be materially adversely affected.