The company designs, manufactures and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, and portable digital music players, and sells a variety of related software, services, accessories, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. The company believes that focused investments in research and development are critical to its future growth and competitive position in the marketplace, and to the development of new and updated products that are central to the company's core business strategy. The company anticipates utilizing approximately $16.0 billion for capital expenditures during 2017, which includes product tooling and manufacturing process equipment; data centers; corporate facilities and infrastructure, including information systems hardware, software and enhancements; and retail store facilities. The company recognizes revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the sales price is fixed or determinable and collection is probable. The company records a write-down for inventories of components and products, including third-party products held for resale, which have become obsolete or are in excess of anticipated demand or net realizable value. The company also reviews its manufacturing-related capital assets and inventory prepayments for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. The industries in which the company competes are subject to a rapid and unpredictable pace of product and component obsolescence and demand changes. The company regularly reviews these estimates and the current installed base of products subject to warranty protection to assess the appropriateness of its recorded warranty liabilities and adjusts the amounts as necessary. The company believes its existing balances of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities will be sufficient to satisfy its working capital needs, capital asset purchases, outstanding commitments and other liquidity requirements associated with its existing operations over the next 12 months. The company manages its business primarily on a geographic basis, with reportable operating segments that include the Americas, Europe, Greater China, Japan, and the rest of Asia Pacific. The company has entered into indemnification agreements with its directors and executive officers, agreeing to indemnify such individuals to the fullest extent permitted by law against liabilities that arise by reason of their status as directors or officers. The company believes that any incremental Irish corporate income taxes potentially due would be creditable against U.S. taxes. The company has made prepayments to certain of its suppliers associated with long-term supply agreements to secure supply of inventory components. The company utilizes several outsourcing partners to manufacture sub-assemblies for its products and to perform final assembly and testing of finished products. The company has entered, and in the future may enter, into interest rate swaps to manage interest rate risk on its notes. The company expects to execute its capital return program by the end of March 2018 by paying dividends and dividend equivalents, repurchasing shares, and remitting withheld taxes related to net share settlement of restricted stock units. The company believes that adequate provisions have been made for any adjustments that may result from tax examinations. The company anticipates gross margin during the first quarter of 2017 to be between 38% and 38.5%. The company’s marketable securities investment portfolio is invested primarily in highly-rated securities and its investment policy generally limits the amount of credit exposure to any one issuer.