We believe that one of our major strengths is our ability to deliver comprehensively structured insurance and risk management services to our clients. Our brokers, agents, and administrators act as intermediaries between insurers and our customers. We expect to use these additional earnings to continue our mergers and acquisition strategy in our core brokerage and risk management operations. The increase in compensation expense in 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily due to an increase in the average number of employees, salary increases, one-time compensation payments, and increases in incentive compensation linked to our overall operating results. The increase in employee headcount in 2016 compared to 2015 primarily relates to the addition of employees associated with the acquisitions that we completed in 2016 and new production hires. Our brokerage segment accounted for 63% of our revenue in 2016. Our brokerage segment is primarily comprised of retail and wholesale brokerage operations. Our retail brokerage operations negotiate and place property/casualty, employer-provided health and welfare insurance, and retirement solutions, principally for middle-market commercial, industrial, public entity, religious, and not-for-profit entities. Our wholesale brokerage operations assist our brokers and other unaffiliated brokers and agents in the placement of specialized, unique, and hard-to-place insurance programs. The primary sources of compensation for our retail brokerage services are commissions paid by insurance companies, which are usually based upon a percentage of the premium paid by insureds, and brokerage and advisory fees paid directly by our clients. We believe that our cash flows from operations and borrowings under our credit agreement will provide us with adequate resources to meet our liquidity needs in the foreseeable future. We anticipate that these investments will continue to generate positive net cash flows for the period 2017 through at least 2021. The technology expenses increased in 2016 compared to 2015 primarily due to the implementation of new accounting and financial reporting systems and several other system initiatives that occurred in 2016. Our investment in chem-mod generates royalty income from refined coal production plants owned by those limited liability companies in which we invest as well as refined coal production plants owned by other unrelated parties. The increase in depreciation expense in 2016 compared to 2015 primarily relates to clean coal plants re-deployed in 2016 and 2015. We anticipate raising at least $300.0 million in the second half of 2017, primarily to refinance the August 2017, $300.0 million maturity of our series B note. The council of insurance agents & brokers indicated that U.S. commercial property/casualty rates decreased by 3.7%, 3.9%, 3.2%, and 3.3% on average across all lines for the first, second, third, and fourth quarters of 2016, respectively. We believe that our history of strong new business generation, solid retentions, and enhanced value-added services for our carrier partners should all result in further organic growth opportunities around the world. We expect to continue to expand our international operations through both acquisitions and organic growth. The impact of hard and soft market fluctuations has historically had a greater impact on changes in premium rates, and therefore on our revenues, than inflationary pressures. We have made significant investments in clean energy operations capable of producing refined coal that we believe qualifies for tax credits under IRC section 45.