The allstate protection segment primarily sells personal property and casualty insurance products to individuals through agencies and directly through contact centers and the internet. Our strategy is to position our products and distribution systems to meet the changing needs of our customers in managing the risks they face, which includes leveraging our claims, pricing, and operational capabilities. We utilize specific customer value propositions for each brand to improve our competitive position and performance, which may include investments in resources and require significant changes to our products, service, capabilities, and processes. Our sophisticated pricing methodology allows us to attract and retain customers in multiple risk segments, utilizing a combination of underwriting information, pricing, and discounts to enhance our competitive position. We continue to modernize our operating model, including enhancing our digital capabilities, to efficiently deliver our customer value propositions. Our investment strategy for structured settlements includes increasing performance-based investments, where a greater proportion of return is derived from idiosyncratic asset or operating performance. We have maintained a shorter maturity profile of the fixed income securities in property-liability to reduce interest rate risk, which has resulted in lower portfolio yields as sales proceeds were invested at lower market yields. We expect to increase the portfolio allocation to performance-based investments over time to better match the long-term nature of our immediate annuity liabilities and improve long-term economic results. Our growth initiatives for life insurance continue to focus on increasing the number of customers served through our proprietary allstate agencies, positioning agencies as trusted advisors, and investing in new generation enrollment and administrative technology to improve customer experience. We are also expanding our group life capabilities and increasing allstate exclusive agency engagement to drive cross-selling of voluntary benefits products. The allstate financial segment sells traditional, interest-sensitive, and variable life insurance and voluntary accident and health insurance products, focusing on expanding customer relationships and managing the runoff of in-force annuity products to improve returns. The investment portfolio for allstate financial is comprised of assets chosen to generate returns to support corresponding liabilities, within an asset-liability framework that targets an appropriate return on capital. We actively manage our financial position and liquidity levels in light of changing market, economic, and business conditions, with a focus on optimizing risk-adjusted returns on economic capital for risk types including interest rate risk and credit risk. Our enterprise risk and return management governance practices include board oversight and an executive management committee structure, ensuring that risks are managed at both the legal entity and enterprise level. We regularly measure, monitor, and report on all significant risks, with the major categories of enterprise risks including insurance, financial, investment, operational, and strategic risks. The use of technology and data analytics is integral to our strategy, enabling us to enhance operational efficiency and improve decision-making processes across the organization.