The company’s strategic initiatives under ametek's four key strategies: operational excellence, strategic acquisitions, global & market expansion, and new products, have helped to mitigate the potential adverse impact of unfavorable developments in any one industry or the economy of any single country on its consolidated operating results. The company experienced lower sales in its process businesses that have exposure to oil and gas markets and in its engineered materials, interconnects, and packaging businesses that have exposure to metals markets. Contributions from recent acquisitions, combined with successful operational excellence initiatives, helped to partially offset the oil and gas and metals markets weakness. The company continued its emphasis on investment in research, development, and engineering, spending $200.8 million in 2016 before customer reimbursement of $7.2 million. Sales from products introduced in the past three years were $929.6 million or 24.2% of net sales. The company recorded realignment costs totaling $25.6 million, primarily related to severance costs for a reduction in workforce and asset write-downs in response to the impact of a weak global economy. The expected annualized cash savings from the 2016 realignment costs is expected to be approximately $35 million, with approximately $15 million expected to be realized in 2017. The company’s operational excellence initiatives are expected to have a positive impact on the company's results. The company’s acquisitions completed in 2016 and the acquisitions of surface vision in July 2015 and global tubes in May 2015, as well as the company's operational excellence initiatives had a positive impact on 2016 results. The company recorded a $13.9 million non-cash impairment charge related to certain of the company's trade names, which negatively impacted segment operating margins. The company’s strategic resource allocation and investment choices are designed to support its growth plans, including its acquisition strategy. The revolving credit facility provides the company with additional financial flexibility to support its growth plans. The company believes it has sufficient cash-generating capabilities from domestic and unrestricted foreign sources, available credit facilities, and access to long-term capital funds to enable it to meet its operating needs and contractual obligations in the foreseeable future. The company’s commitment to research, development, and engineering activities is directed toward the development of new products and processes and the improvement of existing products and processes. The company’s operational excellence initiatives are aimed at enhancing productivity and efficiency across its operations. The company’s investments in technology resources and capabilities are integral to its business strategy and are expected to enhance its competitive positioning in the market. The company’s focus on operational flexibility and market responsiveness is critical in navigating the challenges posed by the global economic environment. The company’s ability to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities is essential for transforming the firm into a competitive force. The company’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. The company’s emphasis on strategic management practices and technology deployment is expected to drive performance gains and enhance organizational effectiveness.