The financial results from the businesses underlying our go-to-market approaches are reflected in our five operating segments, which are aligned with the financial solutions we offer to address our clients' needs. The success of these strategies may be affected by the factors discussed in item 1a of this annual report on form 10-k - "risk factors." Financial markets and macroeconomic conditions have had and will continue to have a significant impact on our operating and performance results. Our operating measures, which exclude net realized investment gains or losses, best reflect the underlying performance of our core operations and facilitate a more meaningful trend analysis. Management uses certain of these non-GAAP measures to evaluate our financial performance on a basis comparable to that used by some securities analysts and investors. Our financial targets include operating total net revenue growth of 6% to 8%, operating earnings per diluted share growth of 12% to 15%, and operating return on equity excluding accumulated other comprehensive income of 19% to 23%. The establishment of reserves is an estimation process using a variety of methods, assumptions, and data elements. The analysis of the deferred acquisition cost balance and the corresponding amortization is a dynamic process that considers all relevant factors and assumptions. We monitor principal DAC amortization assumptions, such as persistency, mortality, morbidity, interest margin, variable annuity benefit utilization, and maintenance expense levels each quarter. The unlocking process includes premium deficiency testing for certain insurance products, and the unfavorable unlocking impact primarily reflected continued low interest rates and higher persistency on living benefit contracts. Our review of our long-term care business resulted in a loss recognition due to continued low interest rates, higher morbidity, and higher reinsurance expenses. Management believes that operating measures, which exclude net realized investment gains or losses, best reflect the underlying performance of our core operations. The impact on DAC from actual versus expected market performance based on our view of bond and equity performance was a benefit reflecting favorable bond fund returns compared to unfavorable equity market and bond fund returns in the prior year. Our technology resources and capabilities have become increasingly important in transforming our firm into a competitive force. We focus on information management capability, which is the ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access. The ability to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions is crucial. The notion of IT capability underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. Our IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. The ongoing low-interest rate environment may result in increases to our reserves and changes in various rate assumptions we use to amortize DAC and DSIC, which may negatively impact our operating earnings. We expect to continue focusing on our key strategic objectives to enhance our operational flexibility and market responsiveness.