The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. Our primary business is the leasing of space on communications sites to wireless service providers, radio and television broadcast companies, wireless data providers, government agencies, and municipalities. We also hold other telecommunications infrastructure and property interests that we lease to communications service providers and third-party tower operators. Our ability to lease additional space on our sites is primarily a function of the rate at which wireless carriers deploy capital to improve and expand their wireless networks, which is influenced by the growth of wireless services, the penetration of advanced wireless devices, and general economic conditions. We believe that our site leasing revenue is likely to increase due to the growing use of wireless services and our ability to meet the corresponding incremental demand for our wireless real estate. Our established tenant base provides us with new business opportunities, resulting in consistent and predictable organic revenue growth as wireless carriers seek to increase the coverage and capacity of their networks while deploying next-generation wireless technologies. We have targeted markets in various stages of network development to diversify our international exposure and position us to benefit from different wireless technology deployments over the long term. Our master lease agreements with certain tenants provide for consistent, long-term revenue and reduce the likelihood of churn, thereby augmenting strong strategic partnerships with our tenants. We continue to evaluate opportunities to acquire communications real estate portfolios to determine whether they meet our risk-adjusted hurdle rates and whether we believe we can effectively integrate them into our existing portfolio. The revenues generated by our property operations may be affected by cancellations of existing tenant leases, but historically, such cancellations have not had a material adverse effect on our revenues. Our ability to increase cash flow from operating activities depends upon the demand for our communications sites and our related services and our ability to increase the utilization of our existing communications sites. We utilize our cash flows to fund our operations and investments in our business, including tower maintenance and improvements, communications site construction, and managed network installations. Our liquidity depends on our ability to generate cash flow from operating activities, borrow funds under our credit facilities, and maintain compliance with the contractual agreements governing our indebtedness. The majority of our tenant leases are multiyear contracts, resulting in a significant portion of our revenues being recurring revenue that we expect to continue to receive in future periods. Our financial performance relative to the financial maintenance tests defined in the loan agreements is a key factor affecting our ability to generate cash flow from operating activities. We believe that consistent carrier investments in their networks across our international markets position us to generate meaningful organic revenue growth going forward, as we leverage our extensive international portfolio of communications sites and the relationships we have built with our carrier customers to drive sustainable, long-term growth.