We are a leading supplier of cloud networking solutions that use software innovations to address the needs of large-scale internet companies, cloud service providers, and next-generation data centers for enterprise support. Our cloud networking solutions deliver industry-leading performance, scalability, availability, programmability, automation, and visibility. The programmability of our extensible operating system (EOS) has allowed us to create a set of software applications that address the requirements of cloud networking, including workflow automation, network visibility, and analytics, and has also allowed us to rapidly integrate with a wide range of third-party applications for virtualization, management, automation, orchestration, and network services. We believe that our cloud networking platform addresses the large and growing cloud networking segment of data center switching, which remains in the early stage of adoption. We intend to continue to invest in our research and development organization to enhance the functionality of our existing cloud networking platform, introduce new products and features, and build upon our technology leadership. Our development model is focused on the development of new products based on our EOS software and enhancements to EOS. We engineer our products to be agnostic to the underlying merchant silicon architecture, enabling us to focus our research and development resources on our software core competencies and leverage the investments made by merchant silicon vendors to achieve cost-effective solutions. We expect to continue to derive a growing portion of our sales through our channel partners as they develop new end customers and expand sales to our existing end customers. We believe that increasing channel leverage will extend and improve our engagement with a broad set of customers. Our research and development efforts are focused on maintaining and developing additional functionality for our existing products and on new product development, including new releases and upgrades to our EOS software and applications. We expect our research and development expenses to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest heavily in software development in order to expand the capabilities of our cloud networking platform. We believe that our future success will depend on our ability to expand sales to our existing customers as well as to add new end customers. We face intense competition, especially from larger, well-established companies, and we must continue to expand the capabilities of our cloud networking platform to succeed in our market. The increasing adoption of cloud networks is subject to performance requirements due to the growing number of connected devices and new enterprise and consumer applications. We believe that cloud networks will continue to replace legacy network technologies, and our business and results of operations will be significantly affected by the speed with which organizations implement cloud networks. Our results of operations will depend on our ability to continue to add new customers and sell additional products to our growing base of customers. We expect our gross margins to fluctuate over time, depending on various factors including sales to large end customers who generally receive lower pricing and the average sales price of our offerings. Our operating expenses consist of research and development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative expenses, with the largest component being personnel costs. We expect operating expenses to continue to increase in absolute dollars in the near term as we continue to invest in the growth of our business.