Our core goal is to have every officer in the world carry a taser, deploy an axon camera, and be connected to the axon network. We have created relationships with over 20,000 public safety agencies around the world. The real opportunity is to leverage this connected platform to enable a broad suite of mobile, wearable, and data management capabilities to bring modern information technology capabilities to every law enforcement officer. Our technologies will not only allow our customers to spend more time on public safety work, but will allow for a capture to courtroom workflow of information. The ability to share files with prosecutors during discovery while maintaining a complete chain of custody and ensuring all evidence remains encrypted will provide a cohesive ecosystem that will deliver increased value to all stakeholders in the public safety and judicial communities. We believe our cews and axon cameras should be standard issue equipment for all patrol officers domestically and internationally. The axon evidence.com platform is a central place for all agencies' digital evidence. It is an end-to-end solution for not only storing data, but also for efficiently managing and sharing that data. We are continuously seeking to develop new features such as secure sharing, audit trails, integration of other data sources, transcription and redaction services, among others. These feature sets are designed to provide the customers we serve with valuable tools to police more efficiently and effectively while enabling greater transparency with the communities in which they serve. Our constant drive to develop innovative apps is evidenced by two recent strategic acquisitions. The company acquired certain proprietary technology and hired a team of researchers and engineers to accelerate the introduction of new AI-powered capabilities for public safety. The technology acquired is aimed at improving the accuracy, efficiency, and speed of processing images and video to enable customers to gain more insight from video, photos, and audio. This acquisition will give customers the ability to quickly isolate and analyze the most important aspects of footage from large amounts of video data. We have created service plans and product bundles to ensure agencies have the latest devices and technology at predictable annual costs. Our key strategies going into fiscal 2017 are to launch innovative new products, scale axon fleet, scale existing axon cameras and devices, drive incremental usage, expand the product platform, and deliver quality at scale. The company's operations are comprised of two reportable segments: the sale of cews, accessories and other related products and services, and the axon business, focused on devices, wearables, applications, cloud, and mobile products. The increase in net sales was driven by the continued adoption of the axon on-officer cameras and evidence.com application in the law enforcement markets. The company also continued to experience sequential revenue increases due to increased users on its axon platform. The company remained focused on growing the axon segment as it added headcount and external resources to develop new products and services to further advance its scalable cloud-connected device platform. The increase in research and development expenses is primarily driven by additional headcount as the company continued to invest in the development of new cew related technologies. The company has been closely monitoring actual returns and will adjust its estimates in subsequent periods accordingly. The company expects to see increases in sales, general, and administrative expenses as it plans to make additional investments in customer-facing positions both domestically and internationally along with increased investments in sales and marketing.