We are a global services company with four reportable operating segments. In a challenging economic, competitive, and regulatory environment, we remain focused on our key priorities of accelerating revenue growth, optimizing investments, and resetting our cost base. Competition remains intense across our businesses, and we need to continue to demonstrate the differentiated value we deliver to merchants, customers, and business partners. Throughout our business, we are focused on those products, services, and relationships that offer the best value to our customers while also providing appropriate returns to our business and shareholders. Our worldwide billings for 2016 adjusted for foreign currency exchange rates were up slightly year-over-year. We made a record level of business-building investments during 2016 and continued to make progress on our plans to remove $1 billion from our overall cost base by the end of 2017. We expect that some modest, gradual upward pressure on our delinquency and write-off rates will cause provisions to grow faster than loans in 2017. Our marketing and promotion expenses increased significantly due to higher levels of spending on growth initiatives. The increase in card member services and other expenses was driven by higher levels of engagement in many of our premium services. We anticipate spending less on marketing and promotion in 2017. The relationship of the U.S. dollar to various foreign currencies over the periods of comparison has had an impact on our results of operations. Our business model operating requirements reflect the capital needed to support operations and specific balance sheet items. The risk measures reflect considerations for credit, market, and operational risk. Our risk management governance includes a comprehensive enterprise-wide risk management program to identify, aggregate, monitor, and manage risks. The implementation and execution of the program is headed by our chief risk officer, and the board of directors oversees risk management through several committees. The operational risk management process defines operational risk as the risk of not achieving business objectives due to inadequate or failed processes, people, or information systems. We have implemented an information security program designed to protect information and information systems from unauthorized access, use, disclosure, disruption, modification, or destruction. Our information security program is based on the National Institute of Standards and Technology cybersecurity framework and covers different phases of security to identify, protect, detect, respond, and recover from information security incidents. The operational risk framework requires the assessment of operational risk events to determine root causes, impact to customers, and resolution plan accountability to correct any defect. Our liquidity risk policy establishes the framework that guides and governs liquidity risk management, and we manage liquidity risk by maintaining access to a diverse set of cash, readily-marketable securities, and contingent sources of liquidity. We seek to maintain liquidity sources sufficient to meet our expected future financial obligations and business requirements for liquidity for a period of at least twelve months. We also have a comprehensive anti-money laundering program that monitors and reports suspicious activity to the appropriate government authorities. The risk committee reviews our risk profile against the tolerances specified in the risk appetite framework, including significant risk exposures, risk trends in our portfolios, and major risk concentrations. We utilize sophisticated proprietary scoring and decision-making models that analyze portfolio performance and reflect our judgment regarding the quantitative components of the reserve.