During fiscal 2016, we initiated a variety of strategic tests focused on increasing inventory availability in our domestic stores, which included closely studying our hub distribution model, store inventory levels, and product assortment. These strategic tests led to increased frequency of delivery to our domestic stores and significantly expanded parts assortment in select domestic stores we call mega hubs. We expect to continue this effort in fiscal 2017 and beyond. Our investments are expected to be directed primarily to new locations, supply chain infrastructure, enhancements to existing locations, and investments in technology. We believe that as the number of miles driven increases, consumers' vehicles are more likely to need service and maintenance, resulting in an increase in the need for automotive hard parts and maintenance items. Our primary response to fluctuations in demand involves adjusting our advertising message, store staffing, and product assortment. We have also experienced an increase in demand for our products due to changes in regional weather patterns and improved merchandise assortments. Our sales mix can be impacted by severe or unusual weather over a short-term period, but we believe the long-term impact of weather on our sales mix is not significant. The two statistics we believe have the closest correlation to our market growth over the long term are miles driven and the number of seven-year-old or older vehicles on the road. We estimate vehicles are driven an average of approximately 12,500 miles each year, and as the number of seven-year-old or older vehicles on the road increases, we expect an increase in demand for the products we sell. Our capital expenditures have increased by approximately 2%, 10%, and 6% in fiscal 2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively, as compared to the prior year. We plan to continue leveraging our inventory purchases, although our ability to do so may be limited by our vendors' capacity to factor their receivables from us. Many of our vendors have supported our initiative to update our product assortments by providing extended payment terms, allowing us to maintain a high accounts payable to inventory ratio. Our cash flows from operations are favorable due to the growth in net income, partially offset by an increase in pension contributions. We anticipate that we will rely primarily on internally generated funds and available borrowing capacity to support a majority of our capital expenditures, working capital requirements, and stock repurchases. We believe this is important information for the management of our debt levels. Our effective income tax rate was 35.1% of pre-tax income for fiscal 2016 compared to 35.6% for fiscal 2015. We have also invested in technology to enhance our operational efficiency and support our strategic resource allocation. The capacity of our credit facility is $1.25 billion and may be increased to $1.5 billion prior to the maturity date at our election. We maintain a letter of credit facility that allows us to request the participating bank to issue letters of credit on our behalf. We believe our estimates regarding vendor allowances and inventory reserves are reasonable, and we regularly review our tax reserves for uncertain tax positions. Our investments in technology are expected to enhance our operational capabilities and support our strategic initiatives, contributing to our overall business performance and market responsiveness.