We are a global market leader in design, development, manufacture, sale, service, and support of commercial jetliners, military aircraft, satellites, missile defense, human space flight, and launch systems and services. Our strategy is centered on successful execution in healthy core businesses—commercial airplanes and defense, space & security—supplemented and supported by Boeing Capital. We focus on producing products and providing services that the market demands while continuing to find new ways to improve efficiency and quality. BDS integrates its resources in defense, intelligence, communications, security, space, and services to deliver capability-driven solutions to its customers at reduced costs. Our strategy benefits from the cyclicality of commercial and defense markets sometimes offsetting each other. The commercial jet airplane market and the airline industry remain extremely competitive, with market liberalization enabling low-cost airlines to gain market share, increasing pressure on airfares, and resulting in continued cost pressures for all airlines. Major productivity gains are essential to ensure a favorable market position at acceptable profit margins, and continued access to global markets remains vital to fully realize our sales potential and long-term investment returns. We leverage our extensive customer support services network, which includes aviation support, spare parts, training, maintenance documents, and technical advice for airlines throughout the world, enhancing our ability to pursue pricing strategies that enable us to price competitively. The development and ongoing production of commercial aircraft is extremely complex, involving extensive coordination and integration with suppliers and highly skilled labor from thousands of employees and other partners. Meeting or exceeding our performance and reliability standards, as well as those of customers and regulators, can be costly and technologically challenging. Our ability to deliver aircraft on time, satisfy performance and reliability standards, and achieve or maintain program profitability is subject to significant risks, including changes to program accounting quantities, customer and model mix, production costs and rates, and performance or reliability issues involving completed aircraft. The introduction of new aircraft and derivatives involves increased risks associated with meeting development, production, and certification schedules. Our BDS business includes a variety of development programs that have complex design and technical challenges, with many programs contracted on a fixed-price basis, exposing us to financial risks if cost, schedule, or technical performance issues arise. We continue to monitor and address challenges associated with aircraft production and assembly, including management of our manufacturing operations and extended global supply chain, as well as completing and delivering early build aircraft. We are focused on improving our processes and continuing cost-reduction efforts, and we remain committed to leveraging our technology capabilities and resources to enhance operational efficiency and support business innovation.