Citi's full year 2016 results of operations reflected solid overall performance and underlying momentum across the franchise, including in several businesses where Citi has been making investments, such as its North America Citi-branded cards business. Citi's results demonstrated strong expense discipline, resulting in a Citicorp operating efficiency ratio of 58% in 2016. In Global Consumer Banking (GCB), results for the North America Citi-branded cards business reflected the acquisition of the Costco portfolio, but also modest growth in average loans and purchase sales in the remainder of the portfolio. Citi announced its $1 billion investment in Mexico to be completed by 2020, where it believes it has the opportunity to build upon its strong brand position and scale to lead to improved returns. Citi's investments in technology and operational capabilities are aimed at enhancing business processes and supporting strategic resource allocation. The firm continues to focus on optimizing performance to benefit shareholders, with a significant milestone achieved when it received feedback from the Federal Reserve Board and FDIC that neither agency had found deficiencies in Citi's 2015 resolution plan. The results of operations and financial condition of Citigroup are now driven by the core Citicorp franchise, which consists of Global Consumer Banking and Institutional Clients Group. Citicorp's net income decreased 12% from the prior year, primarily driven by lower revenues, higher expenses, and higher credit costs. Citicorp revenues decreased 2% from the prior year to $66.0 billion, reflecting a decline in GCB revenues and lower revenues in corporate/other. The firm’s ongoing investments in technology and operational efficiency are expected to enhance its capabilities in managing customer relationships and optimizing business processes. In the Institutional Clients Group (ICG), Citi generated year-over-year revenue growth, despite challenging market conditions, indicating a focus on leveraging technology resources to improve performance. The firm’s technology management strategies are designed to enhance operational efficiency and support business innovation, which are critical for maintaining competitive advantage in a dynamic market environment. Citi's strategic decisions are informed by a commitment to improving information management capabilities, ensuring data reliability, and enhancing connectivity across its global operations. The firm continues to adapt its technology infrastructure to meet evolving business needs and market dynamics, emphasizing the importance of IT capabilities in driving organizational effectiveness and performance outcomes. Overall, Citi's focus on technology deployment and resource integration is expected to facilitate business transformation and enhance its market positioning.