We continue to focus on executing our system design enablement strategy to deliver the tools necessary for our customers to develop complete and functional electronic products. Our growing core electronic design automation business is at the heart of our strategy and is complemented by our business in intellectual property, system interconnect and analysis, system level design and hardware-software development. Our business serves customers that are driven by end-user demand for electronics systems, integrated circuits and devices that are smaller, use less power and provide more functionality. We must keep pace with our customers' technical developments, satisfy industry standards and meet our customers' increasingly demanding performance, productivity, quality and predictability requirements. We offer innovative solutions to help our customers meet these demands, and our future performance depends on our ability to innovate, commercialize newly developed solutions and enhance and maintain our current products. We believe our reported revenue and the amount of revenue recognized in future periods will depend on, among other things, the competitiveness of our technology. Our ability to maintain this mix in any single fiscal period may be impacted primarily by delivery of hardware and IP products to our customers. Our operating expenses include marketing and sales, research and development and general and administrative expenses. Factors that cause our operating expenses to fluctuate include changes in the number of employees due to hiring and acquisitions, restructuring activities, foreign exchange rates, stock-based compensation and the impact of our variable compensation programs that are driven by overall operating results. Our operating expenses, as a percentage of total revenue, for fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014 were as follows: marketing and sales 22%, research and development 40%, general and administrative 7%. During fiscal 2016, we experienced a favorable impact on expenses as a result of the strengthening value of the United States dollar against other currencies. The changes in research and development expense were due to incremental investments in research and development as a result of additional hiring as well as headcount added from acquisitions. Costs included in research and development increased during fiscal 2016, as compared to fiscal 2015, primarily due to incremental investments in research and development as a result of additional hiring as well as headcount added from acquisitions. We expect that cash flows from operating activities will fluctuate in future periods due to a number of factors, including our operating results, the timing of our billings, collections, disbursements and tax payments. We expect to continue our investing activities, including purchasing property, plant and equipment, purchasing intangible assets, business combinations, purchasing software licenses, and making long-term equity investments. Our primary sources of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments during fiscal 2016 were cash generated from operations, proceeds from borrowings, proceeds from the sale and maturity of available-for-sale securities, proceeds from the exercise of stock options and proceeds from stock purchases under our employee stock purchase plan. Our future effective tax rates may be materially impacted by tax amounts associated with our foreign earnings at rates different from the United States federal statutory rate, research credits, the tax impact of stock-based compensation, accounting for uncertain tax positions, business combinations, closure of statutes of limitations or settlement of tax audits, changes in valuation allowance and changes in tax law. We have initiated various restructuring plans in recent years to better align our resources with our business strategy. Demand for our products and services and, ultimately, our future financial performance, is difficult to predict with any degree of certainty. Our restructuring plans may not achieve the benefits anticipated on the timetable or at the level contemplated.