We also sell video and online advertising inventory to local, regional and national advertising customers and fiber-delivered communications and managed IT solutions to larger enterprise customers. We will focus on deploying superior products and service with minimal service disruptions as we integrate our information technology and network operations. Our corporate organization, as well as our marketing, sales and product development departments, are now centralized. Field operations are managed through eleven regional areas, each designed to represent a combination of designated marketing areas and managed with largely the same set of field employees that were with the three legacy companies prior to completion of the transactions. We believe that this product set combined with improved customer service, as we insource our workforce in our call centers and in our field operations, has led to lower customer churn and longer customer lifetimes. The increase in corporate costs relates primarily to increases in the number of employees including increases in engineering and IT. We expect customer and financial results to trend similar to legacy charter following the implementation of the legacy charter operating strategies across the legacy TWC and legacy Bright House markets. The increase in operating costs and expenses for the year ended December 31, 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily due to the transactions. The increase in other expense is attributable to corporate costs, which increased primarily due to increases in the number of employees including increases in engineering and IT. We will incur significant increases in interest expense and depreciation and amortization as a result of the transactions and will incur restructuring and transition costs for at least one to two years. We have a history of net losses. Our net losses were principally attributable to insufficient revenue to cover the combination of operating expenses, interest expenses that we incur on our debt, depreciation expenses resulting from the capital investments we have made, and continue to make, in our cable properties, amortization expenses related to our customer relationship intangibles and higher non-cash income tax expense. We have significant ongoing capital expenditure requirements. Capital expenditures were $5.3 billion, $1.8 billion and $2.2 billion for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The increase was driven by the transactions. Our capital expenditures are funded primarily from cash flows from operating activities and borrowings on our credit facility. The actual amount of our capital expenditures in 2017 will depend on a number of factors, including the pace of transition planning to service a larger customer base as a result of the transactions, our all-digital transition in the legacy TWC and legacy Bright House markets and growth rates of both our residential and commercial businesses. We continue to evaluate the deployment of our cash on hand and anticipated future free cash flow including to invest in our business growth and other strategic opportunities, including mergers and acquisitions as well as stock repurchases and dividends. We expect pro forma programming expenses will continue to increase due to a variety of factors, including annual increases imposed by programmers with additional selling power as a result of media consolidation, increased demands by owners of broadcast stations for payment for retransmission consent or linking carriage of other services to retransmission consent, and additional programming, particularly new services.