We are a global media and technology company with two primary businesses, Comcast Cable and NBCUniversal. Our cable communications segment generates revenue primarily from residential and business customers subscribing to our cable services, which we market individually and as bundled services. Investments to improve the customer experience include developing and deploying various technology and software tools. We are actively deploying set-top boxes for our internet protocol and cloud-enabled video platform, referred to as our X1 platform, and cloud DVR technology throughout our footprint. Our cable communications segment operating margin is operating income before depreciation and amortization as a percentage of revenue. We expect that our programming expenses will continue to increase, which may negatively impact our operating margin. We will attempt to mitigate increases in operating costs and expenses by growing revenue, particularly in our high-speed internet, video, and business services businesses and through cost management. The increase in capital expenditures is primarily due to increased investment in scalable infrastructure to increase network capacity, as well as continued spending on customer premise equipment related to the deployment of our X1 platform and wireless gateways. Our customer service expenses increased primarily due to increased support for improving the customer experience and increases in total labor costs, which reflect sales and support activities associated with the continued deployment of our enhanced devices and services. Our cable networks segment generates revenue primarily from the distribution and licensing of its programming and from the sale of advertising on its networks. The results of operations of our reportable business segments are affected by competition, as all of our businesses operate in intensely competitive, consumer-driven, and rapidly changing environments. We believe that adding more content and delivering it on various platforms will help us to attract and retain video customers. Our theme parks segment revenue is generated primarily from ticket sales and guest spending at our universal theme parks. We are developing a universal theme park in Beijing, China, and we expect to continue to develop this park throughout 2017. Our businesses generate significant cash flows from operating activities. We believe that we will be able to continue to meet our current and long-term liquidity and capital requirements, including fixed charges, through our cash flows from operating activities; existing cash, cash equivalents, and investments; available borrowings under our existing credit facilities; and our ability to obtain future external financing. We anticipate that we will continue to use a substantial portion of our cash flows in repaying our debt obligations, funding our capital expenditures, investing in business opportunities, and returning capital to shareholders. Our capital expenditures for 2017 are focused on continued investment in scalable infrastructure to increase network capacity; increased investment in line extensions primarily for the expansion of business services; and the continued deployment of wireless gateways, our X1 platform, and cloud DVR technology. We expect to continue to invest in existing and new attractions at our universal theme parks.