As part of our response to the food-borne illness incidents, we have implemented enhanced food safety procedures in our supply chain and restaurants that have increased our food costs as a percentage of revenue. We expect to realize cost efficiencies in the development of our restaurants in 2017 by simplifying our restaurant design, and choosing real estate sites, such as end-caps, that can more easily and cost-efficiently be converted into Chipotle restaurants. Our expected reduction in capital expenditures is due to fewer planned restaurant openings and lower average investment costs per restaurant in 2017, which primarily relates to restaurant reinvestments, information technology and infrastructure initiatives, and other corporate expenses. We believe that cash from operations, together with our cash and investment balances, will be enough to meet ongoing capital expenditures, working capital requirements and other cash needs for the foreseeable future. Our focus during 2017 is to return to sales and profitability growth and restore our restaurant economic model. To do so, we have a renewed focus on ensuring that every guest in every one of our restaurants is provided with an excellent customer experience. We are targeting comparable restaurant sales increases in the high single digits for the full year 2017 as comparisons become easier in the first half of 2017, and based on our plans to attract more customers with a variety of marketing activities and improvements to our digital ordering platforms. We expect to reduce restaurant level operating costs as a percent of revenue for the full year 2017. Our expectation is based in part on the increased sales we are anticipating and the resulting leverage in fixed operating costs, but we are forecasting additional improvements as well. We also believe that other operating expenses will decline compared to 2016 as we reduce marketing and promotional spend as a percent of revenue from the elevated levels of 2016, although we still plan for these expenses in 2017 to be above historical levels. We anticipate average development costs will decrease due to cost savings initiatives. Our total capital expenditures for 2016 were $258.8 million, and we expect to incur capital expenditures of about $224 million in 2017. We have entered into an agreement with a broker under SEC rule 10b5-1(c), authorizing the broker to make open market purchases of common stock from time to time, subject to market conditions. The existing repurchase agreement and the board's authorizations of the repurchases may be modified, suspended, or discontinued at any time. Our primary liquidity and capital requirements are for new restaurant construction, working capital and general corporate needs. As of December 31, 2016, we had a cash and short-term investment balance of $417.7 million that we expect to utilize, along with cash flow from operations, to provide capital to support the growth of our business. We haven't required significant working capital because customers generally pay using cash or credit and debit cards and because our operations do not require significant receivables, nor do they require significant inventories, due in part to our use of various fresh ingredients. We generally have the right to pay for the purchase of food, beverage and supplies some time after the receipt of those items, generally within ten days, thereby reducing the need for incremental working capital to support our growth.