As part of our growth strategy, we invest in businesses in certain countries that carry high levels of risks such as China, Brazil, India, Mexico, Russia, and countries in the Middle East and Africa. Our operations are also affected by currency, political, economic, and regulatory matters, including the adoption and enforcement of environmental and emission standards in the countries we serve. The formation of the power systems segment combined two businesses that were already strongly interdependent, which will allow us to streamline business and technical processes to accelerate innovation, grow market share, and more efficiently manage our supply chain and manufacturing operations. We allocate certain common costs and expenses, primarily corporate functions, among segments, which include certain costs and expenses of shared services, such as information technology, human resources, legal, finance, and supply chain management. Our financial performance depends, in large part, on varying conditions in the markets we serve, particularly the on-highway, construction, and general industrial markets. Demand in these markets tends to fluctuate in response to overall economic conditions. Economic downturns in markets we serve generally result in reduced sales of our products and can result in price reductions in certain products and/or markets. Our reportable operating segments consist of engine, distribution, components, and power systems, organized according to the products and markets each segment serves. The distribution segment includes wholly-owned and partially-owned distributorships engaged in wholesaling engines, generator sets, and service parts, as well as performing service and repair activities on our products and maintaining relationships with various OEMs throughout the world. We have long-standing relationships with many of the leading manufacturers in the markets we serve. Our geographic diversity and broad product and service offerings have helped limit the impact from a drop in demand in any one industry or customer or the economy of any single country on our consolidated results. The revised methodology for allocating costs among segments is based on a combination of relative segment sales and relative service usage levels. This change had no impact on our consolidated results. The engine segment produces engines and associated parts for sale to customers in on-highway and various off-highway markets. Our engines are used in trucks of all sizes, buses, and recreational vehicles, as well as in various industrial applications, including construction, agriculture, power generation systems, and other off-highway applications. The components segment sells filtration products, aftertreatment systems, turbochargers, and fuel systems. We serve our customers through a network of approximately 600 wholly-owned and independent distributor locations and over 7,400 dealer locations in more than 190 countries and territories. Our financial performance is influenced by varying conditions in the markets we serve, particularly the on-highway, construction, and general industrial markets, and demand in these markets tends to fluctuate in response to overall economic conditions. As a worldwide business, our operations are also affected by currency, political, economic, and regulatory matters, including the adoption and enforcement of environmental and emission standards in the countries we serve.