Management monitors a variety of key indicators to evaluate our business results and financial condition, focusing on changes from year to year in certain key measures used by management to evaluate performance, such as profitability, growth, and credit quality metrics. Higher operating and marketing expenses associated with loan growth, as well as continued investments in technology and infrastructure, have been significant factors in our financial performance. We expect that our near-term annual efficiency ratio will be in the 52%s, plus or minus a reasonable margin of volatility, driven by growth and digital productivity gains. Our actions have created a well-positioned balance sheet with strong capital and liquidity. We have improved efficiency by growing revenues and managing costs across the company, realizing analog cost savings and other efficiency gains as we become more digital. The provision for credit losses increased significantly due to higher charge-offs and a larger allowance build in our credit card loan portfolio due to growth and portfolio seasoning, which reflects the importance of effective IT governance and resource management in supporting business strategies. Our allowance for loan and lease losses increased by $1.4 billion to $6.5 billion as of December 31, 2016, driven by continued growth and seasoning in our credit card loan portfolio and adverse industry conditions impacting our taxi medallion and oil and gas lending portfolios. The integration of technology into our operations is crucial for maintaining competitive advantage, enhancing operational efficiency, and supporting strategic resource allocation. We have established practices to ensure that we have sufficient asset-based liquidity to withstand potential impacts of deposit attrition or diminished liquidity in funding markets, reflecting our commitment to effective resource mobilization and operational flexibility. Our liquidity reserves consist of readily-marketable or pledgable assets, which can be used as a source of liquidity if needed, thus demonstrating the strategic alignment of our technology capabilities with our overall business objectives. The management of our credit risk is closely tied to our IT capabilities, as we utilize proprietary models based on credit bureau data to assess borrower risk and adjust our management of credit lines and collection strategies accordingly. The importance of data management and information processing capacity is evident in our approach to monitoring economic conditions and loan performance trends to assess and manage our exposure to credit risk. Our credit policies establish standards in customer selection, underwriting, monitoring, remediation, and portfolio management, supported by technology that enhances our ability to respond to market dynamics and consumer demands effectively. The strategic decisions regarding our technology portfolio and infrastructure capabilities are integral to our business transformation efforts, enabling us to leverage IT resources to enhance organizational effectiveness and achieve performance gains.