We are organized based upon the products and services we provide to our customers. Our operations are comprised of the pharmaceutical distribution reportable segment and other. The pharmaceutical distribution segment's operations provide drug distribution and related services designed to reduce healthcare costs and improve patient outcomes. We believe that the growth of our cash and cash equivalents held by foreign subsidiaries will generally be based in U.S. dollar denominated holdings. Our future revenue growth will continue to be affected by various factors such as industry growth trends, including drug utilization, the introduction of new innovative brand therapies, and changes in pharmaceutical manufacturer pricing and distribution policies and practices. Significant capital expenditures in fiscal 2016 included costs associated with technology initiatives, including costs related to the development of track-and-trace technology, and the expansion of support facilities. We expect to spend approximately $500 million for capital expenditures during fiscal 2017, which includes information system investments to support a data center consolidation and a new operating system for certain business units. Our use of the term "specialty" and "specialty pharmaceutical products" refers to drugs used to treat complex diseases, which generally require ongoing clinical monitoring. We have increased seasonal needs related to our inventory build during the December and March quarters that can require the use of our credit facilities to fund short-term capital needs. Our cash balance in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 needed to be supplemented by intra-period credit facility borrowings to cover a portion of the purchase price of Pharmedium in advance of securing long-term financing. We utilize a binomial option pricing model to determine the fair value of share-based compensation expense, which involves the use of several assumptions, including expected term of the option and expected volatility. We have market risk exposure to interest rate fluctuations relating to our debt and manage interest rate risk by using a combination of fixed-rate and variable-rate debt. We also have market risk exposure to interest rate fluctuations relating to our cash and cash equivalents. Our operating results have generated cash flows, which, together with availability under our debt agreements and credit terms from suppliers, has provided sufficient capital resources to finance working capital and cash operating requirements. Our cash flows from operating activities can vary significantly from period to period based on fluctuations in our period end working capital. We use days sales outstanding, days inventory on hand, and days payable outstanding to evaluate our working capital performance. The increase in days payable outstanding from fiscal 2015 to fiscal 2016 has benefited from the increase in purchases of merchandise inventories from certain pharmaceutical manufacturers with longer payment terms. Our income tax rate was favorably impacted in fiscal 2016 due to the growth of our international service offerings. We incurred significantly more employee severance costs in the current fiscal year due to an initiative to improve operating efficiency. We have established reserves against amounts due from our suppliers relating to various price and rebate incentives, including deductions or billings taken against payments otherwise due to them. The increase in gross profit of pharmaceutical distribution benefited from the incremental income from our participation in the WBA global sourcing arrangement. Our technology initiatives are aimed at enhancing operational efficiency and supporting business innovation.