Our investments in merchandise pricing can, from time to time, include reducing prices on merchandise to drive sales or meet competition and holding prices steady despite cost increases instead of passing the increases on to our members, all negatively impacting near-term gross margin as a percentage of net sales. Our philosophy is to provide our members with quality goods and services at the most competitive prices. We believe that our gasoline business draws members but it generally has a significantly lower gross margin percentage relative to our non-gasoline business. Rapidly changing gasoline prices may significantly impact our near-term net sales growth. We also achieve sales growth by opening new warehouses. Our online business growth both domestically and internationally has also increased our sales. Our financial performance depends heavily on our ability to control costs. While we believe that we have achieved successes in this area historically, some significant costs are partially outside our control, most particularly health care and utility expenses. Our philosophy is not to seek to minimize employee wages and benefits, but rather to maintain compensation levels that are better than the industry average for much of our workforce. Our operating model is generally the same across our U.S., Canada, and other international operating segments. Our investments in information systems modernization, including increased depreciation for projects placed in service, incurred by our U.S. operations, have contributed to higher central operating costs. The ongoing modernization of our information systems is expected to continue to negatively impact selling, general and administrative expenses. Changes in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar decreased our selling, general and administrative expenses. Our cash flow provided by operations is primarily derived from net sales and membership fees. The decrease in net cash provided by operating activities for 2016 when compared to 2015 was primarily due to accelerated vendor payments made in advance of implementing our modernized accounting system at the beginning of fiscal 2017. Our primary requirement for capital is acquiring land, buildings, and equipment for new and remodeled warehouses, and to a lesser extent, capital is required for initial warehouse operations and the modernization of our information systems. We plan to spend approximately $2,600 to $2,800 during fiscal 2017 on capital expenditures, which are expected to be financed with cash from operations, existing cash and cash equivalents, and short-term investments. Our management believes that our cash position and operating cash flows will be sufficient to meet our liquidity and capital requirements for the foreseeable future. The impact of changes in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar adversely impacted diluted earnings per share. Our financial performance is influenced by the extent to which we achieve growth in our membership base, increase penetration of our executive members, and sustain high renewal rates. The extent to which we can leverage certain of our selling, general and administrative expenses, reducing them as a percentage of sales, enhances profitability. The negative aspects of growth, including lower initial operating profitability relative to existing warehouses and cannibalization of sales at existing warehouses when openings occur in existing markets, are increasingly less significant relative to the results of our total operations.