We are a leading provider of enterprise cloud computing solutions, with a focus on customer relationship management, or CRM. Our core mission is to help our customers transform by empowering them to connect with their customers in entirely new ways. Our customer success platform provides the tools customers need to succeed in a digital world. We evaluate opportunities to acquire or invest in complementary businesses, services, and technologies, which resulted in a significant increase in our acquisition activity during fiscal 2017. We believe the factors that will influence our ability to achieve our objectives include the availability, performance, and security of our service; our ability to continue to release and gain customer acceptance of new and improved features; and our ability to successfully integrate acquired businesses and technologies. Our plans to invest for future growth include the continuation of the expansion of our data center capacity, the hiring of additional personnel, particularly in direct sales, and the expansion of domestic and international selling and marketing activities. We expect to continue to make such investments and acquisitions in the future and plan to reinvest a significant portion of our incremental revenue in future periods to grow our business and continue our leadership role in the cloud computing industry. We drive innovation organically and through acquisitions, such as our acquisition of Demandware, a digital commerce leader. Our research and development efforts focus on adding new features and services, integrating acquired technologies, increasing functionality and security, and enhancing ease of use of our enterprise cloud computing services. We expect that research and development expenses will increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest in building the necessary employee and system infrastructure required to support the development of new technologies and the integration of acquired businesses. We have invested in additional database software and plan to increase the capacity that we are able to offer globally through data centers and third-party infrastructure providers. We intend to continue to invest additional resources in our enterprise cloud computing services and data center capacity. The cost of professional services is significantly higher as a percentage of the related revenue than for our enterprise cloud computing subscription service due to the direct labor costs and costs of subcontractors. We believe that this investment in professional services facilitates the adoption of our service offerings. Our subscription and support revenues are recognized ratably over the contract terms beginning on the commencement date of each contract. We generally invoice our customers in advance, in annual installments, and typical payment terms provide that our customers pay us within 30 days of invoice. We expect marketing and sales expenses to continue to represent a substantial portion of total revenues as we seek to grow our customer base and sell more products to existing customers. We have increased our headcount significantly to meet the higher demand for services from our customers and as a result of our acquisitions. Our attrition rate has remained consistent as we continue to invest in a variety of customer programs and initiatives. We expect that our existing cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities will be sufficient to meet our working capital, capital expenditure, and debt repayment needs over the next 12 months. We have made and expect to continue to make additional investments in our infrastructure to scale our operations and increase productivity.