Cisco designs and sells broad lines of products, provides services, and delivers integrated solutions to develop and connect networks around the world. For over 30 years, we have helped our customers build networks and automate, orchestrate, integrate, and digitize information technology (IT)-based products and services. In an increasingly connected world, Cisco is helping to transform businesses, governments, and cities worldwide. We believe that data is the most strategic asset and is increasingly distributed across every organization and ecosystem, on customer premises, at the edge of the network, and in the cloud. The network plays an increasingly important role enabling our customers to aggregate, automate, and draw insights from this highly distributed data, where there is a premium on security and speed. We understand how technology can deliver the outcomes our customers want to achieve, and our strategy is to lead our customers in their digital transition with solutions including pervasive, industry-leading security that intelligently connects nearly everything that can be digitally connected. Our strategy is focused on providing highly secure, automated, and intelligent solutions built on infrastructure that connects highly distributed data that is globally dispersed across organizations. Together with our ecosystem of partners and developers, we will provide technology, services, and solutions we believe will enable our customers to gain insight and advantage from this distributed data with scale, security, and agility. We continue to invest in R&D to bring a broad range of products to market in a timely fashion. If we believe that we are unable to enter a particular market in a timely manner with internally developed products, we may purchase or license technology from other businesses, or we may partner with or acquire businesses as an alternative to internal R&D. Our total revenue grew in our APJC geographic segment, while revenue declined in the Americas and EMEA geographic segments. The emerging countries of BRICM, in the aggregate, experienced 3% product revenue growth, with growth in China, India, and Mexico, partially offset by decreases in the other two BRICM countries. We experienced solid product revenue growth in the commercial market and, to a lesser extent, in the public sector and enterprise markets, while the service provider market declined. The decline in the service provider market was driven by the sale of the SP video CPE business. We believe the flat sales of switches used in campus environments was largely driven by uncertainty in the macro environment, which led to a slowdown in customer spending. We are aggressively investing in priority areas to drive growth over the long term regardless of the environment. Our total gross margin increased by 2.5 percentage points, driven by productivity improvements, the sale of the lower margin SP video CPE business, and higher service gross margin. We are focused on accelerating innovation across our portfolio, and we believe that we have made solid progress over the past year in these priority areas. We believe this is driving them to adopt entirely new IT architectures and organizational structures. Our investments in IT capabilities are aimed at enhancing operational efficiency, improving customer relationships, and leveraging strategic resources to gain competitive advantage in the market.