Dominion's strategy is to continue focusing on its regulated businesses while maintaining upside potential in well-positioned nonregulated businesses. The goals of this strategy are to provide earnings per share growth, a growing dividend, and to maintain a stable credit profile. Dominion expects 80% to 90% of earnings from its primary operating segments to come from regulated and long-term contracted businesses. The company anticipates that its operations provide a stable source of cash flow to contribute to planned levels of capital expenditures and maintain or grow the dividend on common shares. In 2016, net income attributable to Dominion increased primarily due to higher renewable energy investment tax credits and the new PJM capacity performance market effective June 2016. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in gains from agreements to convey shale development rights underneath several natural gas storage fields and charges related to future ash pond and landfill closure costs at certain utility generation facilities. The company’s operational flexibility is influenced by changes in technology, particularly with respect to new, developing, or alternative sources of generation and smart grid technologies. Dominion's planned capital expenditures are expected to total approximately $5.8 billion, $5.0 billion, and $5.2 billion in 2017, 2018, and 2019, respectively, and are expected to include construction and expansion of electric generation and natural gas transmission and storage facilities, construction improvements and expansion of electric transmission and distribution assets, and maintenance. The company expects to fund its capital expenditures with cash from operations and a combination of securities issuances and short-term borrowings. Additionally, Dominion's operations are subject to risks and uncertainties that may negatively impact the timing or amounts of operating cash flows. The company has identified various accounting policies, including certain inherent estimates, that could result in material changes to its financial condition or results of operations under different conditions or using different assumptions. The expectations of future recovery of regulatory assets are generally based on orders issued by regulatory commissions, legislation, or historical experience, as well as discussions with applicable regulatory authorities and legal counsel. Dominion's ability to borrow funds or issue securities and the return demanded by investors are affected by credit ratings. The company maintains a focus on meeting new and developing environmental requirements, including making investments in utility-scale solar generation, particularly in Virginia. The strategic target asset allocation for Dominion's pension funds is designed to achieve attractive levels of returns while managing risks associated with changing market conditions. The impact of operational hazards, including adverse developments with respect to pipeline and plant safety or integrity, equipment loss, malfunction or failure, operator error, and other catastrophic events, is also a consideration in the company's operational strategy. The company’s forward-looking statements are based on beliefs and assumptions using information available at the time the statements are made, and it cautions readers not to place undue reliance on these statements due to the inherent risks and uncertainties.