During fiscal 2016, we believe our business is well positioned for the future because of our broad geographic operating base and product offerings, our inventory of finished lots, land and homes, our strong balance sheet and liquidity, and our experienced personnel across our operating markets. Our operating strategy is focused on leveraging our financial and competitive position to increase the returns on our inventory investments while generating strong profitability and cash flows. This strategy includes actively managing our inventory investments across our operating markets to diversify our geographic risk and optimize returns. We are focused on growing our profitability, generating positive annual cash flows from operations, and managing our product offerings, pricing, sales pace, and inventory levels to optimize the return on our inventory investments. We expect our operating strategy will allow us to maintain a strong balance sheet and liquidity position while continuing to increase our revenues and profitability. We manage our inventory of owned land and lots and homes under construction relative to demand in each of our markets, including starting construction on unsold homes to capture new home demand and actively controlling the number of unsold, completed homes in inventory. Our inventories include the costs of direct land acquisition, land development, and home construction, capitalized interest, real estate taxes, and direct overhead costs incurred during development and home construction. We routinely enter into land/lot option contracts to purchase land or developed residential lots at predetermined prices on a defined schedule commensurate with planned development or anticipated new home demand. We continually evaluate our land and lot supply, and fluctuations in revenues and profitability from land sales can occur based on how we manage our inventory levels in various markets. We expect that housing market conditions will vary across our markets and that our future sales volumes will depend on the economic strength of each of our operating markets and our ability to successfully implement our operating strategies. Our mortgage operations revenues in fiscal 2016 were reduced by $8.5 million to increase our loss reserves for estimated future recourse obligations and other mortgage loans, and to adjust certain mortgage loans held for sale to fair value. We estimate and record receivables under the applicable insurance policies related to our estimated contingencies for known claims and anticipated future construction defect claims on previously closed homes and other legal claims and lawsuits incurred in the ordinary course of business when recovery is probable. Our financial services and other operations employed 1,610, 1,342, and 1,096 employees at September 30, 2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively. The liquidity of our financial services business depends upon its continued ability to renew and extend the mortgage repurchase facility or to obtain other additional financing in sufficient capacities. We have historically funded our homebuilding and financial services and other operations with cash flows from operating activities, borrowings under bank credit facilities, and the issuance of new debt securities. Our current levels of cash, borrowing capacity, and balance sheet leverage provide us with the operational flexibility to adjust to changes in homebuilding market conditions and allow us to increase our investments in homes, finished lots, land, and land development to expand our operations and grow our profitability. We expect our operating strategy will allow us to maintain a strong balance sheet and liquidity position while continuing to increase our revenues and profitability.