Our primary business objectives are to maximize sustainable long-term growth in earnings and funds from operations per share and unit, cash flow and returns to our stockholders and our operating partnership's unitholders through the payment of distributions, and return on invested capital. A significant component of our current and future internal growth is anticipated through the development of our existing space held for development, acquisition of land for future development, and acquisition of new properties. We target high quality, strategically located properties containing the physical and connectivity infrastructure that supports the applications and operations of data center and technology industry tenants. Our focus on owning, acquiring, developing, and operating data centers is driven by the belief that the growth in data center demand and the technology-related real estate industry will continue to outpace the overall economy. Our ability to grow earnings depends in part on our ability to develop space and lease development space at favorable rates, which may not be obtainable. We may purchase additional vacant properties and properties with vacant development space in the future, requiring additional capital to finance our development activities, which may not be available or on acceptable terms. The demand for data center space in our properties, or the rates at which we lease space, may be adversely impacted by an increase in the number of competitors or the amount of space being offered in our metropolitan areas by our competitors. Our development activities make us particularly susceptible to general economic slowdowns, including recessions and adverse developments in the data center, internet, and data communications industries. Any such slowdown could lead to reduced corporate IT spending or reduced demand for data center space. Changes in industry practice or technology, such as virtualization technology or more efficient computing devices, could also reduce demand for the physical data center space we provide. Our expertise in data center construction and operations enables us to lease space to tenants at a premium over other uses. We have developed detailed, standardized procedures for evaluating new real estate investments to ensure they meet our financial, technical, and other criteria. Our ability to manage and lease our assets effectively is crucial for increasing their cash flow. We expect to continue to acquire additional assets as part of our growth strategy and may build out our development portfolio when justified by anticipated returns. Our properties require periodic investments of capital for tenant-related capital expenditures and for general capital improvements. As of December 31, 2016, we had approximately 2.0 million square feet of space under active development and approximately 1.1 million square feet of space held for future development. The timing between when we sign a new lease with a tenant and when that lease commences may be significant and not easily predictable. We believe that demand in key metropolitan areas is largely in line with supply, and we continue to see strong demand in other key metropolitan areas across our portfolio. Our ability to maintain or improve occupancy rates of currently leased space and to lease currently available space is dependent on several factors, including supply and demand and market rates for data center space.