We continued to make significant investments in our customer, field and infrastructure technology as well as in our talent management systems, all key areas that will be critical to our long-term success. Our global footprint and broad business portfolio within global energy, as well as our strong execution capabilities are expected to provide the required resilience to outperform in the current market. We believe that our strong balance sheet has allowed us continued access to capital at attractive rates. Our net debt to EBITDA and net debt to adjusted EBITDA are shown as important indicators of the operational and financial health of our organization. We continue to generate strong cash flow from operations, allowing us to fund our ongoing operations, acquisitions, investments in our business, debt repayments, pension obligations and return cash to our shareholders through share repurchases and dividend payments. We also continued to work aggressively through 2016's difficult environment, where lackluster global economies, significantly unfavorable foreign currency translation and continued depressed energy market activity presented multiple headwinds to our growth. Our reported gross margin was 47.5% of sales for 2016, which compared to our 2015 reported gross margin of 46.7%. The increase was driven primarily by lower delivered product costs, cost efficiencies and the impact of the decline in global energy, which on average has a lower gross margin. We recorded restructuring charges of $4.5 million during 2016 as part of our plans to enhance our efficiency, effectiveness and sharpen the competitiveness of our businesses. We anticipate the remaining cash expenditures will be funded from operating activities. We believe the ultimate outcome will not have a significant impact on our consolidated financial position. Our effective income tax rate includes the impact of reserve provisions. Our annual effective income tax rate includes the impact of reserve provisions. The tax impact of special gains and charges and discrete tax items will likely continue to impact comparability of our reported tax rate in the future. We recognize revenue on product sales at the time evidence of an arrangement exists, title to the product and risk of loss transfers to the customer, the price is fixed and determinable and collection is reasonably assured. We recognize revenue on services as they are performed. Our service businesses and service offerings are discussed in note 17. Our sales policies do not provide for general rights of return. We record estimated reductions to revenue for customer programs and incentive offerings including pricing arrangements, promotions and other volume-based incentives at the time the sale is recorded. We also record estimated reserves for product returns and credits at the time of sale and anticipated uncollectible accounts. Depending on market conditions, we may increase customer incentive offerings, which could reduce gross profit margins over the term of the incentive. Our critical accounting estimates include the allowance for doubtful accounts, which we estimate by analyzing accounts receivable balances by age and applying historical write-off and collection trend rates. Our business and operations are subject to extensive environmental laws and regulations governing, among other things, air emissions, wastewater discharges, the use and handling of hazardous substances, waste disposal and the investigation and remediation of soil and groundwater contamination. We are committed to our stated objective of having an investment grade balance sheet, supported by our current credit ratings by the major ratings agencies. We believe that our strong balance sheet has allowed us continued access to capital at attractive rates.