We regularly evaluate the appropriateness of our reportable segments, particularly in light of organizational changes, merger and acquisition activity and changing laws and regulations. Our results of operations depend in large part on our ability to accurately predict and effectively manage health care costs through effective contracting with providers of care to our members and our medical management and health and wellness programs. The potential effect of escalating health care costs, any changes in our ability to negotiate competitive rates with our providers and any regulatory or market-driven restrictions on our ability to obtain adequate premium rates to offset overall inflation in health care costs, including increases in unit costs and utilization resulting from the aging of the population and other demographics, as well as advances in medical technology, may impose further risks to our ability to profitably underwrite our business, and may have a material impact on our results of operations. We believe our pricing strategy, brand name and network quality will provide a strong foundation for commercial risk membership growth opportunities in the future. Our growth strategy is designed to enable us to take advantage of additional economies of scale as well as providing us access to new and evolving technologies and products. Significant transactions while health care reform has caused significant changes to the U.S. health care system in recent years, the significant transactions that have occurred over the last three years that have impacted or will impact our capital structure or that have or will influence how we conduct our business operations include the pending acquisition of Cigna. We expect that our pro forma debt-to-capital ratio will approximate 49% following the closing of the acquisition and we are committed to deleveraging to the low 40% range approximately twenty-four months following the closing. We also expect to maintain our common stock dividend and we will maintain flexibility with our share repurchase program. In February 2015, we reported that we were the target of a sophisticated external cyber attack. The attackers gained unauthorized access to certain of our information technology systems and obtained personal information related to many individuals and employees. We have continued to implement security enhancements since this incident. Our investment strategy is to make investments consistent with insurance statutes and other regulatory requirements, while preserving our asset base. Our subsidiaries pay out excess capital annually in the form of dividends to their respective parent companies for general corporate use, as permitted by applicable regulations. We believe that funds from future operating cash flows, cash and investments and funds available under our senior revolving credit facility, bridge facility, term loan facility and/or from public or private financing sources, will be sufficient for future operations and commitments, and for capital acquisitions and other strategic transactions. We are also subject to regulations that may result in assessments under state insurance guaranty association laws. The national organization of life & health insurance guaranty associations is a voluntary organization consisting of the state life and health insurance guaranty associations located throughout the U.S. Such associations, working together with the national organization of life & health insurance guaranty associations, provide a safety net for their state's policyholders, ensuring that they continue to receive coverage, subject to state maximum limits, even if their insurer is declared insolvent. We will continue to evaluate the impact of health care reform including any substantial changes to existing laws or regulations that may impact our business.