The company’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Management believes that the financial statements have been prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles appropriate in the circumstances. The company’s disclosure controls and procedures ensure that material information required to be disclosed is recorded, processed, summarized, and communicated to management and reported within the required time periods. Management relies on a system of internal accounting control designed to provide reasonable assurance that assets are safeguarded and transactions are executed in accordance with management's authorization. The design of this system recognizes that errors or irregularities may occur and that estimates and judgments are required to assess the relative cost and expected benefits of the controls. Management believes that the company's internal accounting controls provide reasonable assurance that errors or irregularities that could be material to the financial statements are prevented or would be detected within a timely period. The audit committee of the board of directors is responsible for overseeing the company's financial reporting process. The audit committee meets with management and the company's internal auditors periodically to review the work of each and to monitor the discharge by each of its responsibilities. The independent auditors are engaged to express an opinion on the company's consolidated financial statements and on the company's internal control over financial reporting. Their opinions are based on procedures that they believe to be sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that the financial statements contain no material errors and that the company's internal controls are effective. The company’s management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting based on the framework and criteria established in internal control - integrated framework (2013). Based on this evaluation, management has concluded that internal control over financial reporting was effective. The company’s management is responsible for the integrity and accuracy of the financial statements, which requires informed judgments and estimates to reflect the expected effects of events and transactions that have not been completed. The company’s financial structure provides the flexibility necessary to achieve its strategic objectives. The company has been successful in efficiently deploying cash where needed worldwide to fund operations, complete acquisitions, and sustain long-term growth. The company routinely repatriates a portion of its non-U.S. cash from earnings each year when it can be accomplished tax efficiently. The company has been able to readily meet all its funding requirements and currently believes that sufficient funds will be available to meet the company's needs in the foreseeable future through operating cash flow, existing resources, short- and long-term debt capacity, or backup credit lines. The company is targeting capital spending of approximately $500 million in 2017. The company’s decision to sell the network power systems business and power generation, motors and drives businesses will provide over $4 billion of cash, which the company expects to use to fund the acquisition of Pentair's valves & controls business and potential future acquisitions. The company expects net and underlying sales in the automation solutions business to be down 4 to 7 percent due to low growth economic conditions coupled with political uncertainty. The commercial & residential solutions business is expected to have support from more favorable global HVAC and U.S. construction markets, resulting in net and underlying sales growth of 2 to 4 percent.