Equinix provides global data center offerings that protect and connect the world's most valued information assets. Global enterprises, financial services companies, and content and network service providers rely upon Equinix's leading insight and data centers in 41 markets around the world for the safekeeping of their critical IT equipment and the ability to directly connect to the networks that enable today's information-driven economy. Our data centers in 41 markets around the world are a global platform, which allows our customers to increase information and application delivery performance while significantly reducing costs. This global platform enables scalable, reliable, and cost-effective colocation, interconnection, and traffic exchange that lowers overall cost and increases flexibility. Our focused business model is built on our critical mass of customers and the resulting marketplace effect. As more customers choose our IBX data centers, it benefits their suppliers and business partners to colocate with us as well, in order to gain the full economic and performance benefits of our offerings. We continue to monitor the available capacity in each of our selected markets. To the extent we have limited capacity available in a given market, it may limit our ability for growth in that market. We perform demand studies on an ongoing basis to determine if future expansion is warranted in a market. Our business is based on a recurring revenue model comprised of colocation and related interconnection and managed infrastructure offerings. Our recurring revenues have comprised more than 90% of our total revenues during the past three years. Our largest customer accounted for approximately 3% of our recurring revenues for the periods ended December 31, 2016 and 2015. Our 50 largest customers accounted for approximately 36%, 34%, and 36%, respectively, of our recurring revenues for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014. We expect our cost of revenues, sales and marketing expenses, and general and administrative expenses to grow in absolute dollars in connection with our business growth. We expect to incur higher interest expense as we borrowed the €1.0 billion term B-2 loan in January 2017. We also expect to incur additional indebtedness to support our growth and acquisition opportunities including the Verizon asset purchase, resulting in higher interest expense going forward. Our adjusted EBITDA results have improved each year and in each region in total dollars due to the improved operating results, as well as the nature of our business model consisting of a recurring revenue stream and a cost structure which has a large base that is fixed in nature. We believe we have sufficient cash, coupled with anticipated cash generated from operating activities, to meet our operating requirements, including repayment of the current portion of our debt as it becomes due, payment of regular dividend distributions, and completion of our publicly announced expansion projects. We expect to fund the acquisition with a combination of cash on hand, proceeds from the term B-2 loan, and proceeds from future debt and equity financings. Our management believes that the following critical accounting policies and estimates are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our consolidated financial statements, and they require significant judgments, resulting from the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. The assessment of long-lived assets for impairment requires assumptions and estimates of undiscounted and discounted future cash flows. These assumptions and estimates require significant judgment and are inherently uncertain.