The medical technology industry is highly competitive and continues to evolve. Our success is measured both by the development of innovative products and the value we bring to our stakeholders. We are committed to developing new technologies and providing innovative patient care, and we are committed to defending our intellectual property in support of those developments. In 2016, we invested 15.0% of our net sales in research and development. We are dedicated to generating robust clinical, economic, and quality of life evidence increasingly expected by patients, clinicians, and payors in the current healthcare environment, with the goal of encouraging the adoption of innovative new medical therapies that demonstrate superior outcomes. The increase in net sales of transcatheter heart valve therapy products in the United States was due primarily to increased sales of the Edwards Sapien 3 valve, driven by its launch in July 2015. The increase in international net sales of transcatheter heart valve therapy products was due primarily to increased sales of the Edwards Sapien 3 valve, driven primarily by its launch in Europe in January 2014 and in Japan in March 2016. The decrease in gross profit as a percentage of net sales in 2016 was driven by a 4.3 percentage point decrease due to the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, including the settlement of foreign currency hedging contracts, and investments in manufacturing capacity. The increase in gross profit as a percentage of net sales in 2015 was driven by a 1.9 percentage point increase due to the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, including the settlement of foreign currency hedging contracts, and a 0.9 percentage point increase in the United States, and a 0.4 percentage point increase in international markets, due to an improved product mix, driven by transcatheter heart valve therapy products. The increase in research and development expenses in 2016 was due primarily to mitral and aortic transcatheter heart valve therapy product development efforts. The suspension of the United States medical device excise tax during 2016 provided additional flexibility to accelerate investments in structural heart initiatives. We periodically consider various financing alternatives and may, from time to time, seek to take advantage of favorable interest rate environments or other market conditions. Our sources of cash liquidity include cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, amounts available under credit facilities, and cash from operations. We believe that these sources are sufficient to fund the current requirements of working capital, capital expenditures, and other financial commitments for the next twelve months. Our acquisition of Valtech closed on January 23, 2017, and we issued an aggregate of approximately 2.8 million shares of our common stock, and paid approximately $84.3 million in cash to holders of Valtech securities. We consider making short-term loans of cash held outside the United States to the United States from time to time based on facts and circumstances. The potential tax liability related to any repatriation would be dependent on the facts and circumstances that exist at the time such repatriation is made and the complexities of the tax laws of the United States and the respective foreign jurisdictions. The effective income tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2016 was higher than the rate for the year ended December 31, 2015 primarily because of fluctuations in the relative contribution of our foreign operations and United States operations to worldwide pre-tax income, offset by an increase in benefits from the federal and California research credits. We strive to resolve open matters with each tax authority at the examination level and could reach agreement with a tax authority at any time.