During fiscal 2016, we continued to invest in our growth initiatives that expand our addressable markets, including the expansion of our traditional on-premises software into cloud-based solutions. Our software solutions are available through the FICO® analytic cloud, and we are adding delivery via third-party cloud environments, which are offered through large vendors in other geographic locations across the world. We introduced the FICO® decision management suite 2.0 ("DMS"), which provides an easy way for customers to evaluate, customize, deploy, and scale state-of-the-art analytics. The DMS allows customers to quickly integrate our tools and components with their data, helping organizations of all sizes realize the promise of advanced analytics and decision management in a cost-effective, scalable cloud or on-premise solution. We also made acquisitions that deliver solutions to the financial services industry and adjacent vertical industries, such as our acquisition of Quadmetrics, which accelerates our efforts to provide a suite of complementary cyber-related analytics solutions to market. Our strong portfolio of products and the accelerating growth we are experiencing in our cloud-based offerings have led us to shift some of our resources to distribution in our expanded market. We expect to broaden our investment into product delivery, support, and infrastructure operations. Our growth initiatives continued to generate significant free cash flow, which we utilized to enhance shareholder value through investments in long-term growth initiatives and acquisitions of relevant technologies and products that strengthen our portfolio and competitive position. We derive a significant portion of revenue internationally, with a notable share from the sale of products and services within the banking industry. Our revenue fluctuations are primarily driven by changes in transactional volume and license fees. We calculate transactional bookings based on the estimated volume of transactions or number of accounts under contract, multiplied by the contractual rate, which requires estimates from discussions with customers and examinations of historical data. We are organized into three reportable segments: applications, scores, and decision management software, reflecting the primary method in which management organizes and evaluates internal financial information to make operating decisions and assess performance. Our research and development expenses include costs incurred in the development of new products and services, driven by our continued investment in cloud computing and software-as-a-service (SaaS). Selling, general, and administrative expenses increased due to higher personnel costs and investments in expanding our distribution capabilities. We evaluate the merits of acquiring technology or businesses or establishing strategic relationships with these businesses, which may involve utilizing available cash and cash equivalents. Our ability to take advantage of unanticipated opportunities or respond to competitive pressures could be limited if adequate funds are not available or not available on acceptable terms. We have a $400 million unsecured revolving line of credit that can be used for working capital and general corporate purposes, including refinancing existing debt, acquisitions, and stock repurchases. Our effective tax rates reflect the impact of revenue in higher taxing jurisdictions and favorable settlements of prior audits. We assess goodwill for impairment annually and have determined that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of any of our reporting units is less than their carrying amounts. We have not recognized any impairment charges on intangible assets or other long-lived assets in recent fiscal years.