We provide high performance cybersecurity solutions to a wide variety of enterprises, service providers, and government organizations of all sizes across the globe, including a majority of the 2016 Fortune 100. Our cybersecurity solutions are designed to provide broad, rapid protection against dynamic and sophisticated security threats, while simplifying the IT and security infrastructure of our end-customers. The evolving cyber threat environment necessitates increased visibility and security orchestration across a widely distributed ecosystem of networks. Our common operating system, centralized management, and open application program interfaces allow many of the solutions in our portfolio to be combined to create an integrated security architecture. The Fortinet Security Fabric connects our products, services, and ecosystem partner solutions to help provide visibility and protection at all points in the network, regardless of whether deployed in physical, virtual, or hybrid cloud environments. The Fortinet Security Fabric delivers integrated scalability, access control, awareness, security, traffic segmentation, centralized management, and orchestration. At the core of the Fortinet Security Fabric are our FortiGate physical and software licenses, which ship with a broad set of security services, including firewall, VPN, anti-malware, anti-spam, application control, intrusion prevention, access control, web filtering, and traffic and device segmentation. Many of these security services are tuned and updated by our FortiGuard Labs team, which provides threat research and a global cloud network of data collection and intelligence resources to deliver subscription-based services. Our network security platform also includes our FortiGuard security subscription services, which end-customers can subscribe to in order to obtain access to dynamic updates to application control, anti-virus, intrusion prevention, web filtering, and anti-spam functionality. We derive a substantial majority of product sales from our FortiGate appliances, which range from the FortiGate-20 to -100 series, designed for small businesses, to the FortiGate-1000 to -7000 series for large enterprises and service providers. Our strong technology advantages position us to effectively deliver security to the cloud and for the cloud. Sales of our cloud-related products and services across public, private, and hybrid cloud environments continue to grow faster than other parts of our business. Our strategy of investing in sales and marketing enabled us to continue to gain market share and customers. We are also starting to see a shift from product revenues to higher-margin, recurring service revenues. Our service revenue growth rate depends significantly on the growth of our customer base, the expansion of our service bundle offerings, and the renewal of service contracts by our existing customers. We continue to invest in research and development to strengthen our technology leadership position. We believe that continued product innovation has strengthened our technology and resulted in market share gains. Our operating activities provided $345.7 million in cash as a result of our continued growth of our business and the ability to successfully manage our working capital. We are also starting to see a shift from product revenues to higher-margin, recurring service revenues, which reflects our ongoing success in driving sales of low-end and high-end service bundles. Our total revenue grew 26% in 2016 compared to 2015, while our total deferred revenue balance grew 31%. The increase in service revenue was primarily due to the recognition of revenue from our growing deferred revenue balance consisting of FortiGuard security subscription and FortiCare technical support contracts sold to a larger customer base.