The information systems and technology group's revenue increased in 2016 due to higher volume across the business, including the warfighter information network-tactical (win-t) mobile communications network program and several programs in Canada and the United Kingdom. Operating margin increased 70 basis points in 2016, driven primarily by strong program performance and favorable contract mix across the portfolio. The group also continued to benefit from the 2015 consolidation of two businesses to form general dynamics mission systems. Operating earnings in 2015 included a gain on the sale of a commercial cyber security product business. The information technology (IT) services revenue decreased due to lower volume on health solutions programs, including decreased contact-center services work for the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services. The long-term outlook for the U.S. defense business is influenced by the relevance of programs to military funding priorities, the diversity of programs and customers, insight into customer requirements, and the ability to evolve products to address a fast-changing threat environment. The group achieved a book-to-bill ratio of approximately one-to-one in 2016, driven by several significant contract awards during the year. The total backlog in the information systems and technology group was $8.4 billion at the end of 2016, down slightly from $8.6 billion at year-end 2015. This amount does not include estimated potential contract value associated with anticipated share of indefinite delivery, indefinite quantity (IDIQ) contracts and unexercised options. In 2016, funding under IDIQ contracts and options contributed significantly to the group's orders. The group received orders for ruggedized computing equipment under the common hardware systems-4 (CHS-4) program. The group also received a contract from the U.S. Census Bureau to provide contact-center systems and operations support for the 2020 census questionnaire assistance program. The group's backlog included key programs for the Canadian maritime helicopter project to provide integrated mission systems and support for Canadian marine helicopters. The assessment of the consolidated balance sheet under ASC Topic 606 will result in some reclassifications among financial statement accounts, but these reclassifications will not materially change the total amount of net assets. The adoption of ASC Topic 606 will have two primary impacts on the portfolio of contracts and consolidated financial statements, including the requirement to recognize the total impact of an adjustment in estimated profit recorded to date on a contract in the period it is identified rather than recognizing the impact prospectively over the remaining contract term. This will likely result in larger and more variable adjustments in contract estimates from period to period, particularly on contracts of greater value and longer performance periods. The group expects to continue generating funds in excess of short- and long-term liquidity needs, with adequate funds on hand and sufficient borrowing capacity to execute financial and operating strategies. The focus on cash flow generation provides flexibility for capital deployment while preserving a strong balance sheet. The group emphasizes effective program execution, anticipates trends, and reacts to changing circumstances in the business environment, looking for opportunities to drive cost-reduction activities across the business.