The integration of alstom's thermal business has yielded significant efficiencies in supply chain, service infrastructure, new product development, and SG&A costs. Digital offerings have been developed to further complement our equipment and services business and drive value and better outcomes for our customers. We continue to lead in technology innovation with a greater focus on productivity-based technology, services, and IT/cloud-based solutions as healthcare providers seek greater productivity and efficiency. Our digital industrial business is providing insights and operational value for our customers, unlocking opportunities to deliver more productivity beyond our traditional services and becoming a better partner as we work on solving our customers' toughest operational problems. The digital thread initiative includes applications and analytics that improve the productivity of our internal processes across engineering, services, sourcing, and commercial. We have made several acquisitions to further enhance and expand our digital capabilities, including the acquisition of software companies specializing in data gathering and machine learning to optimize productivity and predictive maintenance. The digital wind farm is a site-level solution, creating a dynamic, connected, and adaptable ecosystem that improves our customers' fleet operations. Our digital strategy and investments in technical innovation will position us to add value for customers looking for clean, renewable energy. We integrate acquisitions as quickly as possible, and revenues and earnings from the date we complete the acquisition through the end of the fourth quarter following the acquisition are considered the acquisition effect of such businesses. The business continues to invest in new product development to expand our equipment and services offerings. Our technology capabilities are critical to keeping industry running and connected, serving as the controls center of excellence for GE and leading the next chapter in GE's digital industrial journey and transformation. We are focused on the future of control solutions, helping customers become more productive and efficient. The digital factory initiatives, including digital design tools, advanced and automated inspection, and advanced manufacturing analytics, are enabling our operations, partners, and suppliers to dramatically reduce cycle time while improving quality. The integration of large shares of renewables will require strengthening of the grid and ensuring the availability of power plants to dispatch at short notice; these system integration tools may present further business opportunities and will be needed to pave the way for further decarbonization. Our focus is on driving infrastructure leadership, investing in innovation, and achieving a culture of simplification to better serve our customers around the world. We believe that presenting industrial operating profit and operating profit margin adjusted for certain items increases the comparability of period-to-period results. The digital transformation includes initiatives to digitize operations and improve productivity, which are essential for enhancing our competitive advantage in the market.