Our strategic plan includes several major initiatives that we anticipate will help us achieve our goal of 9% to 10% margins on an ebit-adjusted basis by early next decade: lead in technology and innovation, including onstar 4g lte and connected car, alternative propulsion, urban mobility including ride- and car-sharing through maven and our investment in lyft, active safety features and autonomous vehicles. We continue to implement various strategic actions to strengthen our operations and increase our competitiveness. We face continuing challenges from a market, operating and regulatory standpoint in a number of countries across the globe due to, among other factors, weak economic conditions, competitive pressures, our product portfolio offerings, emissions standards, foreign exchange volatility and political uncertainty. As we continue to assess our performance, additional restructuring and rationalization actions may be required or a determination may be made that the carrying amount of our long-lived assets may not be recoverable in certain of these countries. Our ability to deliver new products, services and customer experiences in response to new participants in the automotive industry is critical. We believe that offering a comprehensive suite of financing products will generate incremental sales of our vehicles, drive incremental gm financial earnings and help support our sales throughout various economic cycles. Our management uses these measures in its financial, investment and operational decision-making processes, for internal reporting and as part of its forecasting and budgeting processes. We continue to monitor and evaluate opportunities to strengthen our competitive position over the long-term while maintaining an investment-grade balance sheet. Our overall financial targets include expected total annual operational and functional cost savings of $6.5 billion through 2018 compared to 2014 costs, of which approximately $4 billion has been realized as of December 31, 2016, and which we expect will more than offset our incremental investments in brand building, engineering and technology as we launch new products in 2017 and beyond. We expect to sustain an ebit-adjusted margin of 10% in 2017 on continued strength of U.S. industry light vehicle sales, key product launches and continued focus on overall cost savings. We believe these non-gaap measures are useful for our investors. Our strategic plan includes several major initiatives that we anticipate will help us achieve our goal of 9% to 10% margins on an ebit-adjusted basis by early next decade. We continue to implement various strategic actions to strengthen our operations and increase our competitiveness. Our ability to deliver new products, services and customer experiences in response to new participants in the automotive industry is critical. We believe that offering a comprehensive suite of financing products will generate incremental sales of our vehicles, drive incremental gm financial earnings and help support our sales throughout various economic cycles. Our management uses these measures in its financial, investment and operational decision-making processes, for internal reporting and as part of its forecasting and budgeting processes. We continue to monitor and evaluate opportunities to strengthen our competitive position over the long-term while maintaining an investment-grade balance sheet. Our overall financial targets include expected total annual operational and functional cost savings of $6.5 billion through 2018 compared to 2014 costs, of which approximately $4 billion has been realized as of December 31, 2016, and which we expect will more than offset our incremental investments in brand building, engineering and technology as we launch new products in 2017 and beyond.