Grainger plans to continue to make investments in its supply chain, ecommerce capabilities, information systems, sales force productivity tools, and inventory management services. These investments will support the company's revenue growth objectives of continuing to grow its share of business with large, complex customers, creating a unique value proposition to further penetrate the medium customer segment, and further leveraging its ecommerce capabilities to serve smaller customers. In 2016, ecommerce sales for Grainger were $4,757 million, an increase of 15% over the prior year and represented 47% of total sales. The increase was primarily driven by an increase in sales via EDI and electronic purchasing platforms in the U.S. and Japan businesses. If the company included KeepStock®, the electronic inventory management offering, total ecommerce and KeepStock® sales would represent 56% of total sales. Grainger's operations are supported by a network of highly integrated branches, distribution centers, and websites, which enhances its operational efficiency and market responsiveness. The company has also taken aggressive actions in Canada that will position the business for long-term sustainable growth and profitability, including business and personnel reorganization, branch closures, ERP and ecommerce investments. Grainger expects to fund its 2017 capital spending primarily from operating cash, with projected spending including continued investments in the supply chain, ecommerce, and inventory management solutions. The company’s strong working capital position, cash flows from operations, and borrowing capacity allow it to fund operations, including growth initiatives, capital expenditures, acquisitions, and share repurchases. Grainger's capital expenditures in 2016 included significant investments in the North America distribution network, as well as the distribution network in other segments, and sales productivity initiatives. Other significant investments in 2016 included the ecommerce platform, sustaining capital investments in branches and distribution centers, and other technology infrastructure. Grainger's ability to leverage its IT capabilities is crucial in transforming the firm into a competitive force, as it emphasizes the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with other resources and capabilities. The company’s IT investment decisions are aligned with its strategic goals, supporting operational flexibility and enhancing customer relationships. Grainger's management believes that the execution of continuous improvement initiatives will reduce its cost base while ensuring that it continues to deliver an effortless customer experience. The firm’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. The implementation of the ERP system in Canada, while initially impacting sales, is expected to enhance operational efficiency and support future growth. Grainger's strategic resource allocation and capability enhancement efforts are designed to optimize its performance outcomes and maintain its competitive positioning in the market.