The company has implemented a number of initiatives including advanced health information technology and evidence-based medicine programs to achieve high levels of patient safety, patient satisfaction, and clinical quality, which are central goals of its business model. We routinely analyze operational practices from our best-performing hospitals to identify ways to implement organization-wide performance improvements and reduce clinical variation. The company is currently investing in initiatives such as additional care navigators, clinical data exchange, and centralized patient transfer operations, which will enable improved coordination of care and patient retention across its markets. The company believes its centrally managed business processes and ability to leverage cost-saving practices across its extensive network will enable it to continue to manage costs effectively. The company has invested significant resources to refine and improve its billing systems and the information system data used to make contractual allowance estimates. The company has developed standardized calculation processes and related training programs to improve the utility of its patient accounting systems. The company is committed to providing high-quality, cost-effective health care while growing its business, increasing profitability, and creating long-term value for stockholders. To achieve these objectives, it aligns its efforts around a growth agenda that includes expanding its footprint through developing various outpatient access points and achieving industry-leading performance in clinical and satisfaction measures. The company continues to leverage its scale and market positions to enhance profitability and believes there is significant opportunity to continue to grow its profitability by fully leveraging the scale and scope of its franchise. The company’s business strategy includes pursuing a disciplined development strategy and focusing on selectively developing and acquiring new hospitals, outpatient facilities, and other health care service providers. The company believes its size, scale, national presence, and access to capital will position it well to participate in any consolidation in the hospital industry. The company’s financial results for 2016 reflect a significant increase in revenues, attributed to a 2.3% increase in revenue per equivalent admission and a 2.2% increase in equivalent admissions. The provision for doubtful accounts and the allowance for doubtful accounts relate primarily to uninsured amounts due directly from patients, including copayment and deductible amounts for patients who have health care coverage. The company expects adjustments during the next 12 months related to Medicare and Medicaid cost report filings and settlements will result in increases to revenues similar to those recorded during previous years. The company’s operational performance is critical to its financial performance, and it continuously monitors and evaluates its operational practices to enhance efficiency and effectiveness. The company’s ability to manage its information technology resources effectively is integral to its strategic objectives and operational success, as it seeks to enhance its capabilities in information management and technology deployment to support its business needs and improve overall organizational performance.