In fiscal 2016, we continued to invest in our interconnected capabilities to more effectively meet customers' demands for increased fulfillment options. We completed the deployment of our new com platform in all of our U.S. stores in fiscal 2016. We also completed the roll out of our bodfs program, which was built on the foundation of com and complements our existing interconnected retail programs. This program will allow us to significantly reduce our average lead time from supplier to shelf, reduce transportation expenses and improve inventory turns. We believe this will continue to increase conversion rates and improve customer satisfaction. Our approach to driving productivity and efficiency is advanced through continuous operational improvement in our stores and supply chain, disciplined capital allocation, and building shareholder value through higher returns on invested capital and total value returned to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. We rolled out the first phase of project sync to all of our U.S. stores, and we continue to onboard new suppliers. We will continue to blend our physical and digital assets in a seamless and frictionless way to enhance the end-to-end customer experience. In fiscal 2016, approximately 45% of our online U.S. orders were picked up in our stores through our bopis and boss offerings. Sales from our online channels increased 19.3% for fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015, and represented 5.9% of our total net sales for fiscal 2016. We believe that our current cash position, access to the long-term debt capital markets and cash flow generated from operations should be sufficient not only for our operating requirements but also to enable us to complete our capital expenditure programs and fund dividend payments, share repurchases and any required long-term debt payments through the next several fiscal years. We have taken a number of steps to provide our customers with a seamless and frictionless shopping experience in our stores, online, on the job site and in their homes. In fiscal 2016, we rolled out a redesign of our home depot website to provide our customers with better search capabilities and a faster checkout experience, and we updated our mobile app. We completed the deployment of our new com platform in all of our U.S. stores in fiscal 2016. Our merchandising transformation and portfolio strategy is focused on delivering product innovation, assortment and value. We also continued to leverage our merchandising assortment planning and pricing tools to better understand customer preferences and to refine our online and in-store product assortment in particular stores and geographic areas. Our inventory turnover ratio was 4.9 times at the end of both fiscal 2016 and 2015. We believe the selected sales data, the percentage relationship between net sales and major categories in the consolidated statements of earnings and the percentage change in the dollar amounts of each of the items presented below are important in evaluating the performance of our business operations. We generated $9.8 billion of cash flow from operations in fiscal 2016. This cash flow, along with $5.0 billion of long-term debt issued in fiscal 2016 and $360 million of short-term borrowings in fiscal 2016, was used to repay $3.0 billion of 5.40% senior notes that matured on March 1, 2016, fund cash payments of $6.9 billion for share repurchases, pay $3.4 billion of dividends and fund $1.6 billion in capital expenditures. We believe this will continue to increase conversion rates and improve customer satisfaction as we enhance our technology capabilities and operational efficiencies.