The management and franchise segment provides services, which include hotel management and licensing of our brands to franchisees, as well as property management at timeshare properties. This segment generates its revenue from management and franchise fees charged to hotel owners, including our owned and leased hotels, and to homeowners' associations at timeshare properties. As a franchisor of hotels, we charge franchise fees in exchange for the use of one of our brand names and related commercial services, such as our reservation system, marketing and information technology services. Additionally, we have taken steps to reduce our fixed costs to levels we believe are appropriate to maximize profitability and respond to market conditions without jeopardizing the overall customer experience or the value of our hotels or brands. Our relationships with third-party owners and franchisees also generate new relationships with developers and opportunities for property development that can support our growth. The effectiveness of any cost-cutting efforts is limited by the amount of fixed costs inherent in our business. We believe that we have good relationships with our third-party owners, franchisees, and developers and are committed to the continued growth and development of these relationships. The increase in management and franchise fees for all periods was driven by increases in revenues from our non-comparable managed and franchised hotels due to the addition of new managed and franchised properties to our portfolio. Including new development and ownership type transfers, we added 600 managed and franchised properties on a net basis, providing an additional 89,410 rooms to our managed and franchised segment. Our management and franchise fees increased during the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015 compared to the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, as a result of increases in RevPAR at our comparable managed and franchised hotels due to increases in ADR. The increase in revenues from our resort operations was also due to increases in fees earned related to our Hilton Grand Vacations Club, including fees generated by new members. We evaluate the economic viability of the hotel based on the geographic location, the credit quality of the third-party owner, and other factors. As a result, by increasing the number of management and franchise agreements with third-party owners, we expect to achieve a higher overall return on invested capital. Our IT capabilities have been evolving in scope to more comprehensively encompass the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships. We focus on information management capability—that is, the ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access and the ability to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions. The notion of IT capability underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with, and leveraging the value of, other resources and capabilities. A firm’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals.