Our business environment has been characterized by industry consolidation and increasing competition among global markets for trading, clearing, and listings; the globalization of exchanges, customers, and competitors; market participants' rising demand for speed, data capacity, and connectivity, which requires ongoing investment in technology; evolving and disparate regulation across multiple jurisdictions; and increasing focus on capital and cost efficiencies. The ability to evolve existing products to serve emerging needs, develop new products, and respond to competitive dynamics in pricing, exclusivity, and consolidation is important to our business. We operate regulated marketplaces for listing, trading, and clearing a broad array of derivatives and securities contracts across major asset classes, including energy and agricultural commodities, interest rates, equities, equity derivatives, exchange-traded funds, credit derivatives, bonds, and currencies. We offer end-to-end market data services to support the trading, investment, risk management, and connectivity needs of customers across virtually all asset classes. Our data services revenues increased during the year ended December 31, 2016, from the comparable period in 2015, primarily due to the acquisitions of interactive data and trayport in December 2015, the acquisitions of securities evaluations and credit market analysis in October 2016, the high retention rate of existing customers, the addition of new customers, increased usage by existing customers, and the development of new and enhanced products designed to efficiently deliver more value to our customers. The implementation of new laws or regulations or the uncertainty around potential changes may impact participation in our markets or the demand for our clearing and data services either favorably or unfavorably. Many of the recent changes with regard to global financial reform have emphasized the importance of transparent markets, centralized clearing, and access to data, all of which are important aspects of our product offering. Our exchanges include futures exchanges in the U.S., U.K., continental Europe, Canada, and Singapore, and cash equities, equity options, and bond exchanges in the U.S. We provide end-to-end solutions for our customers through liquid markets, benchmark products, access to capital markets, and related services to support their ability to manage risk and raise capital. Our trading and clearing segment comprises our transaction-based execution and clearing businesses, while our data and listings segment comprises our subscription-based data services and securities listings businesses. Our technology infrastructure managed services solution offers colocation space, direct exchange access, proximity hosting, and support services that enable access to real-time exchange data and facilitate low latency electronic trading. We recognize that our IT capabilities have evolved to more comprehensively encompass the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships, which is critical in transforming our firm into a competitive force. The ability to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities is essential for our operational efficiency and organizational effectiveness. The strategic management of our technology resources and investments is vital for maintaining our competitive advantage and responding to market dynamics effectively.