2016 has been a transformative year for Intel as we have made strides to move from a PC-centric company to one that is powering the cloud and billions of smart, connected devices. We are reallocating savings from our restructuring program to our growth segments, such as the data center and internet of things, and are continuing to invest in areas that extend our leadership in Moore's Law and expand market opportunities in areas such as memory and autonomous driving. Our strategy for the notebook computing market segment is to offer notebook technologies designed to bring exciting new user experiences to life and improve performance, battery life, wireless connectivity, manageability, and security. The desktop computing market segment includes all-in-one products that combine traditionally separate desktop components into one form factor, focusing on lowering the total cost of ownership for businesses. The data center group segment focuses on lowering the total cost of ownership on specific workload-optimizations for the enterprise, cloud service providers, and communications service provider market segments. In 2016, we launched platforms designed to provide leading energy-efficient performance for all server, network, and storage applications, which are critical for enhancing our IT capabilities. The Internet of Things group segment focuses on establishing an end-to-end manageable architecture that captures actionable information resulting from connected "things." Our operating income for the IoTG operating segment increased due to higher gross margin from IoTG revenue primarily driven by higher IoTG platform unit sales and higher IoTG platform average selling prices. The programmable solutions group segment, created following the acquisition of Altera, offers products that consist of FPGAs and CPLDs for a broad range of market segments, further enhancing our technology capabilities. Our R&D spending increased in 2016, driven by higher investment in strategically important areas such as servers, internet of things, new devices, and memory, as well as higher process development costs for our new 7nm process technology. The 2016 restructuring program is expected to result in net annual headcount savings of approximately $1.6 billion as we rebalance our workforce, which will enhance our operational flexibility and support our strategic resource allocation towards growth segments. We expect these actions to be substantially completed by Q2 2017. Our overall gross margin percentage was 60.9% in 2016, reflecting the impact of our strategic decisions and operational efficiencies. The increase in cash provided by operating activities was due to adjustments for non-cash items and changes in working capital. We believe our U.S. sources of cash and liquidity are sufficient to meet our business needs, including capital expenditures for worldwide manufacturing and assembly and test; working capital requirements; and potential dividends, common stock repurchases, acquisitions, and strategic investments. The expected timing of payments of obligations is estimated based on current information, and we are committed to leveraging our IT capabilities to enhance our business processes and achieve operational efficiency.