We believe our integrated business model strengthens our route-to-market and provides opportunities for net sales and profit growth through the alignment of the economic interests of our brand ownership and our manufacturing and distribution businesses. Our integrated business model enables us to be more flexible and responsive to the changing needs of our large retail customers and allows us to more fully leverage our scale and reduce costs by creating greater geographic manufacturing and distribution coverage. The key trends and uncertainties that could affect our business include increased competition in the lrb market, where a number of our competitors are large corporations with significant financial resources that can rapidly respond to competitive pressures and changes in consumer preferences. We believe marketing and product innovations that target fast-growing population segments could drive market growth. Our completion of the bai brands merger will allow us to continue distribution and capture additional growth as a result of this key trend. We operate primarily in the U.S., Mexico, and Canada, and uncertainties such as increased government regulation related to public health could reduce demand and/or cause us to raise our prices. We are also exposed to foreign currency exchange rate variability, which will impact our results of operations. Our capital expenditures primarily relate to machinery and equipment, our distribution fleet, and costs associated with a new manufacturing plant in Mexico, including IT investments and expansion and replacement of existing cold drink equipment. We expect to incur annual capital expenditures in an amount of approximately 3% of our net sales. Our cash balances are used to fund acquisitions, working capital requirements, scheduled debt and interest payments, income tax obligations, repurchases of our common stock, dividend payments, and capital expenditures. We have shown a disciplined approach to strategic investments in certain allied brands to enhance our position in premium and high-growth categories and strengthen our existing distribution partnerships. We may continue to make future equity investments in allied brands and/or acquisitions of regional bottling companies, distributors, and/or distribution rights to further extend our geographic coverage. Our strategic resource allocation includes investments in technology capabilities to support operational efficiency and enhance our competitive positioning. The impact of the bai brands merger on our liquidity and capital resources is significant, as it reduced our liquidity by approximately $1,653 million. We believe that our operating cash flows and cash on hand will be sufficient to meet our anticipated obligations for the next twelve months. Our ability to negotiate a new credit agreement to replace our existing credit facility, which expires in September 2017, is also crucial for maintaining operational flexibility. The adoption of a new accounting standard will result in incremental income tax benefit, which reflects our commitment to strategic management practices and operational excellence. Our organizational capabilities in information management and technology deployment are essential for supporting business needs and enhancing overall firm performance.