As a global investment firm, we are affected by financial and economic conditions globally. Global and regional economic conditions have a substantial impact on our financial condition and results of operations, impacting the values of the investments we make, our ability to exit these investments profitably, and our ability to make new investments. Our ability to attract new capital and investors in our funds is driven, in part, by the extent to which they continue to see the alternative asset management industry generally, and our investment products specifically, as an attractive vehicle for capital appreciation or income. Our ability to maintain and grow our revenue base is dependent upon our ability to successfully deploy the capital available to us and participate in capital markets transactions. Greater competition, high valuations, increased overall cost of credit, and other general market conditions may impact our ability to identify and execute attractive investments. The strength and liquidity of the U.S. and relevant global equity markets generally, and the initial public offering market specifically affects the value of, and our ability to successfully exit, our equity positions in our private equity portfolio companies in a timely manner. Our investments are impacted by various economic conditions that are difficult to quantify or predict, and may have a significant impact on the valuation of our investments. Our ability to grow our revenues depends in part on our ability to attract new capital and investors, our successful deployment of capital including from our balance sheet, and our ability to realize investments. The performance of the credit markets has had an amplified impact on our financial results, as we directly bear the full extent of losses from credit instruments on our balance sheet. Our private markets portfolio contains energy real asset investments and certain of our public markets strategies and products, including direct lending, special situations, and CLOs, which have meaningful investments in the energy sector. The value of these investments is heavily influenced by the price of natural gas and oil, which have varied over the course of the year. Our ability to grow our revenues depends in part on our ability to attract new capital and investors, our successful deployment of capital including from our balance sheet, and our ability to realize investments. The strength and liquidity of the U.S. and relevant global equity markets generally, and the initial public offering market specifically affects the value of, and our ability to successfully exit, our equity positions in our private equity portfolio companies in a timely manner. We have also reached out to new clients, including retail and high net worth clients. However, fundraising continues to be competitive. Our ability to successfully deploy capital is dependent upon our ability to maintain and grow our revenue base, which is impacted by market conditions. We expect that our primary liquidity needs will consist of cash required to continue to grow our business, including seeding new strategies and funding our capital commitments made to existing and future funds, co-investments, and any net capital requirements of our capital markets companies. Our primary sources of liquidity consist of amounts received from our operating activities, including the fees earned from our funds, portfolio companies, and capital markets transactions, realizations on carried interest from our investment funds, interest and dividends from investments that generate yield, and realizations on and sales of investments and other assets. The declaration and payment of distributions by the KKR group partnerships and our other subsidiaries may also be subject to legal, contractual, and regulatory restrictions, including restrictions contained in our debt agreements and the preferred units of the KKR group partnerships.