The preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses, which are influenced by historical experience and current conditions. Our revenues are driven largely by our customers' spending on capital equipment and related maintenance services necessary to support key transitions in their underlying product technologies or to increase their production volumes in response to market demand. The demand for our products and our revenue levels are driven by our customers' needs to solve the process challenges they face as they adopt new technologies required to fabricate advanced integrated circuits that are incorporated into sophisticated mobile devices. The timing for our customers in ordering and taking delivery of process control and yield management equipment is determined by their requirements to meet the next generation production ramp schedules and the timing for capacity expansion to meet end customer demand. Our earnings depend not only on revenue levels but also on the amount of research and development spending required to meet our customers' technology roadmaps. We believe that we must continue to make substantial and focused investments in our research and development to produce products and provide services that have a competitive advantage in our marketplace. Our gross margin fluctuates with revenue levels and product mix and is affected by variations in costs related to manufacturing and servicing our products, including our ability to scale our operations efficiently and effectively in response to prevailing business conditions. The increase in gross margin during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016, was primarily due to a favorable mix of products and services sold, an increase in manufacturing efficiencies driven by lower warranty costs, and higher revenue volume of products and services. Our future operating results will depend significantly on our ability to produce products and provide services that have a competitive advantage in our marketplace. We are subject to the cyclical capital spending that has historically characterized the semiconductor and semiconductor-related industries, and the timing, length, intensity, and volatility of the capacity-oriented capital spending cycles of our customers are unpredictable. We also provide a range of technology solutions to high technology industries, which require us to maintain production volumes and capacity to meet anticipated customer requirements. Our customer base continues to become more highly concentrated over time, increasing the potential impact of a sudden change in capital spending by a major customer on our revenues and profitability. The growing use of increasingly sophisticated semiconductor devices in mobile consumer products has caused many of our customers to invest in additional semiconductor manufacturing capabilities and capacity. We have maintained production volumes and capacity to meet anticipated customer requirements and remain at risk of incurring significant inventory-related and other restructuring charges if business conditions deteriorate. Our revenues during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016, increased due to strong demand for our products as we released a new generation of inspection products and our foundry customers increased their level of investments in our process control tools. The demand for more advanced and lower-cost chips used in consumer electronics, communications, data processing, and industrial and automotive products has resulted in a favorable demand environment for our process control and yield management solutions.