Our business strategy is to focus on stable, fee-based energy transportation and storage assets that are central to the energy infrastructure of growing markets within North America; increase utilization of our existing assets while controlling costs, operating safely, and employing environmentally sound operating practices; leverage economies of scale from incremental acquisitions and expansions of assets that fit within our strategy and are accretive to cash flow; and maintain a strong balance sheet and return value to our stockholders. We regularly consider and enter into discussions regarding potential acquisitions, and full and partial divestitures, and we are currently contemplating potential transactions. The market for supply of natural gas is highly competitive, and new pipelines, storage facilities, treating facilities, and facilities for related services are currently being built to serve the growing demand for natural gas in each of the markets served by the pipelines in our natural gas pipelines business segment. Our operations compete with interstate and intrastate pipelines, and their shippers, for connections to new markets and supplies and for transportation, processing and treating services. We believe the principal elements of competition in our various markets are location, rates, terms of service and flexibility and reliability of service. Our terminals segment includes the operations of our refined petroleum product, crude oil, chemical, ethanol and other liquid terminal facilities and all of our coal, petroleum coke, fertilizer, steel, ores and other dry-bulk terminal facilities. We believe the location of our facilities and our ability to provide flexibility to customers help attract new and retain existing customers at our terminals and provide expansion opportunities. Our products pipelines segment consists of our refined petroleum products, crude oil and condensate, and ngl pipelines and associated terminals. The profitability of our refined petroleum products pipeline transportation and storage business is generally driven by the volume of refined petroleum products that we transport and the prices we receive for our services. Our business model, through our ownership and operation of energy-related assets, is built to support two principal objectives: helping customers by providing safe and reliable natural gas, liquids products and bulk commodity transportation, storage and distribution; and creating long-term value for our shareholders. Our reportable business segments are based on the way our management organizes our enterprise, and each of our business segments represents a component of our enterprise that engages in a separate business activity and for which discrete financial information is available. We have consistently generated substantial cash flow from operations, providing a source of funds and we expect that our short-term liquidity needs will be met primarily through retained cash from operations, short-term borrowings or by issuing new long-term debt to refinance certain of our maturing long-term debt obligations. We utilize a centralized cash management program for our U.S.-based bank accounts that concentrates the cash assets of our wholly owned subsidiaries in joint accounts for the purpose of providing financial flexibility and lowering the cost of borrowing. Our capital expenditures for the year ended December 31, 2016, and the amount we expect to spend for 2017 to sustain and grow our business include significant investments in expansion capital expenditures and sustaining capital expenditures. The classification of our capital expenditures as expansion capital expenditures or as maintenance capital expenditures is made consistent with our accounting policies and is generally a straightforward process, but in certain circumstances can be a matter of management judgment and discretion.