We are a global security and aerospace company principally engaged in the research, design, development, manufacture, integration, and sustainment of advanced technology systems, products, and services. Our main areas of focus include information technology, including cybersecurity. A significant component of our strategy is to focus on program execution, improving the quality and predictability of the delivery of our products and services, and placing security capability quickly into the hands of our customers at affordable prices. We continue to invest in technologies to fulfill new mission requirements for our customers and invest in our people so that we have the technical skills necessary to succeed. We selectively pursue the acquisition of businesses and investments at attractive valuations that will expand or complement our current portfolio and allow access to new customers or technologies. Our acquisition of Sikorsky adds a significant international component to our business segment with an installed base of over 1,000 aircraft internationally. We have active development, production, and sustainment support of the S-70i Black Hawk and MH-60 Seahawk aircraft to foreign military customers. In 2016, we completed the divestiture of the Information Systems & Global Solutions business, which merged with a subsidiary of Leidos. This transaction represented a strategic shift that had a major effect on our operations and financial results. We expect our cash from operations will continue to be sufficient to support our operations and anticipated capital expenditures for the foreseeable future. The majority of our capital expenditures for 2016 and those planned for 2017 are for equipment, facilities infrastructure, and information technology. We incur capital expenditures for information technology to support programs and general enterprise information technology infrastructure, inclusive of costs for the development or purchase of internal-use software. We have a balanced cash deployment strategy to enhance stockholder value and position ourselves to take advantage of new business opportunities when they arise. We have generated strong operating cash flows, which have been the primary source of funding for our operations, capital expenditures, debt service, and repayments. Our strong operating cash flows enabled our board of directors to approve key cash deployment initiatives, including an increase in our share repurchase program. We expect to continue to invest in technologies to fulfill new mission requirements for our customers and invest in our people so that we have the technical skills necessary to succeed. Our business strategy includes strengthening our relationships internationally through partnerships and joint technology efforts. We conduct business with international customers through each of our business segments, and we continue to focus on affordability initiatives. Our IT capabilities have been evolving to encompass the coordination of our assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships. This underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. Our IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, and business process understanding to further organizational goals.