During the most recent fiscal year, demand for our products improved as semiconductor device manufacturers made capacity and technology investments. We leverage our expertise in semiconductor processing to develop technology and/or productivity solutions that typically benefit our customers through lower defect rates, enhanced yields, faster processing time, and reduced cost as well as by facilitating their ability to meet more stringent performance and design standards. The semiconductor capital equipment industry has been highly competitive and characterized by rapid changes in demand. This cyclicality has been mitigated in recent years by market demands and consolidation among our customers. The variability in our customers' investments during any particular period is dependent on several factors including electronics demand, economic conditions, industry supply and demand, and our customers' ability to develop and manufacture increasingly complex and costly semiconductor devices. We continued to make significant R&D investments focused on leading-edge deposition, plasma etch, single-wafer clean, and other semiconductor manufacturing requirements. The increase in R&D expense during fiscal year 2016 compared to fiscal year 2015 was primarily due to a $14 million increase in facility and information technology related spending. Our cash flow provided from operating activities was primarily used for capital expenditures, which are essential for maintaining operational efficiency and supporting our technology infrastructure. Our revenue levels are generally correlated to the amount of shipments and our installation and acceptance timelines. The anticipated future revenue value from shipments to customers reflects our capability to respond to market dynamics and customer needs. We believe that maintaining sufficient liquidity reserves is important to support sustaining levels of investment in R&D and capital infrastructure. The increase in gross margin as a percentage of revenue for fiscal year 2016 compared to fiscal year 2015 was due to a more favorable customer and product mix. The increase in SG&A expense during fiscal year 2016 was primarily due to acquisition-related costs and increased restructuring charges. The process of integrated circuits fabrication consists of a complex series of process and preparation steps, and our product offerings address a number of the most critical steps in the fabrication process. Our market-leading products are designed to help our customers build the smaller, faster, and more powerful devices that are necessary to power the capabilities required by end users. The increase in shipments during the fiscal year 2016 as compared to the last two fiscal years is related to continued strengthening of customer demand for semiconductor equipment. We have also recorded a tax benefit related to reimbursement of cost share payments for previously shared stock-based compensation costs, which reflects our strategic resource allocation and management capability. The anticipated future revenue value from shipments to customers is a testament to our ability to leverage IT capabilities in support of business strategies and operational flexibility. The increase in technology and capacity investments by our customers reflects the growing importance of IT capability in transforming a firm into a competitive force.