The competitive and evolving nature of the global payments industry provides both challenges to and opportunities for the continued growth of our business. Mastercard continues to monitor political and economic conditions around the world to identify opportunities for the continued growth of our business and to evaluate the evolution of the global payments industry. The company believes that the non-GAAP financial measures presented facilitate an understanding of Mastercard's operating performance and provide a meaningful comparison of its results between periods. The significant components of our net revenue were influenced by the dollar volume of activity on cards and other devices that carry our brands and from the fees that we charge our customers for providing transaction processing and other payment-related products and services. Our revenue is based upon transactional information accumulated by our systems or reported by our customers. The increase in general and administrative expenses was primarily due to higher personnel costs driven by continued investment in our strategic initiatives, including digital, services, data analytics, and geographic expansion. Data processing and telecommunication expenses consist of expenses to support our global payments network infrastructure and to operate and maintain our computer systems. The increase in these expenses was due to capacity growth of our business and higher third-party processing costs. The company incurs foreign currency gains and losses from remeasuring monetary assets and liabilities that are in a currency other than the functional currency and from remeasuring foreign exchange derivative contracts. The impact of foreign exchange activity has not been eliminated in our currency-neutral results and is recorded in general and administrative expenses. The company has recorded a liability for unrecognized tax benefits, and the resolution of certain federal, foreign, and state and local tax examinations may lead to changes in estimates that could impact financial performance. The company believes that its existing cash, cash equivalents, and investment securities balances, along with its cash flow generating capabilities, are sufficient to satisfy its future operating cash needs and other liquidity requirements. The company has established a commercial paper program and a committed unsecured revolving credit facility to provide liquidity for general corporate purposes. The company’s operational flexibility is supported by its ability to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. The firm’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, and business process understanding to further organizational goals. The company's management uses non-GAAP financial measures to evaluate its ongoing operations in relation to historical results, for internal planning and forecasting purposes, and in the calculation of performance-based compensation. The effective income tax rate for 2016 was higher than the effective income tax rate for 2015, primarily due to benefits associated with the impact of settlements with tax authorities in multiple jurisdictions. The company’s estimates in the valuation of assets acquired in business combinations and asset impairment reviews require the use of significant estimates and assumptions, reflecting the inherent uncertainties in the valuation process.