The company continually reviews its mix of company-operated and franchised restaurants to help optimize overall performance, with a goal to be approximately 95% franchised over the long term. The strength of the alignment among the company, its franchisees, and suppliers is key to McDonald's long-term success. By leveraging the system, McDonald's is able to identify, implement, and scale ideas that meet customers' changing needs and preferences. The company is also enhancing financial value through refranchising efforts, cost savings initiatives, and cash return to shareholders. The company has made purposeful changes in 2016, blending executives with deep McDonald's experience with new executives to generate fresh energy and innovative ideas. Building on these initial steps, the company is beginning to shift focus from revitalizing the business to longer-term growth. The company developed a customer-centric growth strategy for 2017 and beyond, informed by deep customer research across multiple markets. The company's greatest opportunities are at the heart of the brand—in its food, value, and customer experience. The company will continue to build upon its investments in experience of the future, which focuses on restaurant modernization and technology, in order to transform the restaurant service experience. The company is accelerating its focus and investment on its delivery platform as a way to expand the convenience customers expect from McDonald's. The company is also enhancing and expanding the McCafé coffee brand and pastry offerings, supported by modernized cooking and service platforms that expand capacity and enable hotter, fresher products. In 2017, the U.S. is planning to introduce its mobile order and pay functionality as well as curbside pick-up across all traditional restaurants. The company expects to achieve its refranchising target of 4,000 restaurants by the end of 2017, a full year ahead of the original target date, with a long-term goal to become approximately 95% franchised. The company expects to realize net annual general and administrative savings of about $500 million from its general and administrative base of $2.6 billion at the beginning of 2015. The company expects capital expenditures for 2017 to be approximately $1.7 billion, about one-third of which will be used to open new restaurants. The company expects to open about 900 restaurants, including about 500 restaurants in affiliated and developmental licensee markets where the company generally does not fund any capital expenditures. The company expects net additions of about 400 restaurants. The company will continue to test its delivery platform. The foundational markets continue to pursue refranchising opportunities, including the sale of certain markets to developmental licensees. The company has established long-term, average annual financial targets, beginning in 2019, with variability expected during 2017 and 2018 due to the impact of refranchising. The company expects systemwide sales growth of 3-5%, operating margin in the mid-40% range, earnings per share growth in the high-single digits, and return on incremental invested capital in the mid-20% range. The company continues to accelerate the pace of refranchising to optimize its restaurant ownership mix, generate more stable and predictable revenue and cash flow streams, and operate with a less resource-intensive structure. The shift to a greater percentage of franchised restaurants negatively impacts consolidated revenues as company-operated sales are replaced by franchised sales, where the company receives rent and/or royalty revenue based on a percentage of sales.