Moody's has two reportable segments: Moody's Investors Service (MIS) and Moody's Analytics (MA). The MA segment develops a wide range of products and services that support financial analysis and risk management activities of institutional participants in global financial markets. The company evaluates its estimates, including those related to revenue recognition, accounts receivable allowances, contingencies, and goodwill, which are critical as they depend on management's judgment about uncertain matters. The preparation of financial statements requires Moody's to make estimates and judgments that affect reported amounts of assets and liabilities. The company's products and services will generally qualify as separate units of accounting under ASC Topic 605. In the MA segment, products and services offered include software licenses and related maintenance, subscriptions, and professional services. Revenue from subscription-based products, such as research and data subscriptions, is recognized ratably over the related subscription period. The company recognizes revenue from professional services rendered as the services are performed. The increase in operating and SG&A expenses reflects higher compensation costs primarily due to headcount growth in MA, including costs from the acquisition of GGY, and annual compensation increases. The increase in D&A reflects capital expenditures related to investments in the company's IT and operational infrastructure. Moody's allocates newly acquired goodwill to reporting units based on the reporting unit expected to benefit from the acquisition. The company evaluates the recoverability of goodwill using a three-step impairment test approach at the reporting unit level. The company's technology infrastructure is essential for supporting business growth and operational capabilities. The company regularly reviews contingencies and adjusts its assessments and estimates of such matters accordingly. The growth in MA revenue reflects benefits from pricing increases within MA's recurring revenue base and includes revenue from the acquisition of GGY. The company believes that the assumptions used in its calculations are reasonable, but differences in actual experience or changes in assumptions could have a significant effect on the expenses, assets, and liabilities related to the company's retirement plans. The company manages its credit risk exposure by allocating its cash equivalents among various high-quality investment-grade securities and limiting the amount it can invest with any single issuer. The company is exposed to market risk from changes in foreign exchange rates, which could affect its financial condition. The company has entered into foreign exchange forwards to mitigate the change in fair value on certain assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than a subsidiary's functional currency. The company uses interest rate swaps to reduce funding costs and volatility. The company's cash flow management aims to maintain sufficient liquidity to meet its operating needs while investing in growing areas of the business, reinvesting in ratings quality initiatives, and making selective acquisitions. The company remains committed to using its strong cash flow to create value for shareholders while managing near-term liquidity needs. The company evaluates its reporting units on an annual basis or more frequently if there are changes in the reporting structure due to acquisitions or realignments. The company believes that it has the financial resources needed to meet its cash requirements and expects to have positive operating cash flow in 2017.