We aim to deliver strong, profitable long-term growth by accelerating our core snacks business and expanding the reach of our power brands globally. Leveraging our power brands and our innovation platforms, we plan to innovate boldly and connect with our consumers wherever they are, including new markets around the world, using both traditional and digital channels. As shopping expands further online, we are also working to grow our e-commerce platform and online presence with consumers. These efforts include reinventing our supply chain, including adding and upgrading to more efficient production lines, while reducing the complexity of our product offerings, ingredients, and number of suppliers. We continue to aggressively manage our overhead costs and have embraced and embedded zero-based budgeting practices across the organization to identify potential areas of cost reductions and capture and sustain savings within our ongoing operating budgets. We recognize changing consumer trends such as the increasing emphasis on well-being, time compression, growing income disparity, digital revolution, and an evolving retail landscape, and we are investing in our well-being snacks portfolio, product and marketing innovation, and new routes to market, including e-commerce, to position ourselves for future growth. Our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to expand our operations, particularly in emerging markets, which have greater political and economic volatility, vulnerability to infrastructure and labor disruptions, and sensitivity to world oil and energy prices. We expect continued volatility across our markets, particularly emerging markets, and as such, we are focused on investing in our global power brands and routes to market while we protect our margins through the management of costs and pricing. We operate in highly competitive markets that include global, regional, and local competitors. Our advantaged geographic footprint, operating scale, and portfolio of brands have all significantly contributed to building our market-leading positions across most of the product categories in which we sell. To grow and maintain our market positions, we focus on meeting consumer needs and preferences through new product innovations and product quality. We also continue to optimize our manufacturing and other operations and invest in our brands through ongoing research and development, advertising, marketing, and consumer promotions. Our operating costs include raw materials, labor, selling, general and administrative expenses, taxes, currency impacts, and financing costs. We manage these costs through cost-saving and productivity initiatives, sourcing and hedging programs, pricing actions, refinancing, and tax planning. We also continue to work on programs to expand our profitability and margins, such as our 2014-2018 restructuring program, which is designed to bring about significant reductions in our operating cost structure in both our supply chain and overhead costs. We monitor a number of developments or trends that could impact our revenue and profitability objectives. We believe providing investors with the same financial information that we use internally ensures that investors have the same data to make comparisons of our historical operating results, identify trends in our underlying operating results, and gain additional insight and transparency on how we evaluate our business. We believe our non-GAAP financial measures should always be considered in relation to our GAAP results.