In 2016, we continued to invest, based on our roadmap, in our most developed ecosystem, the Facebook app and platform as well as video, driving growth and building ecosystems around our products and features that already have significant user bases, such as Messenger, Instagram, and WhatsApp, and long-term technology initiatives that we believe will further our mission to connect the world, such as virtual reality and artificial intelligence. We anticipate that our expenses in 2017 will continue to grow as we execute on priorities such as hiring top engineering talent, investing in research and development, content, and sales and marketing efforts, and expanding our data center capacity and office facilities to support our rapid growth. Trends in the number of users affect our revenue and financial results by influencing the number of ads we are able to show, the value of our ads to marketers, the volume of payments transactions, as well as our expenses and capital expenditures. The increase in demand for our ad inventory, in part driven by an increase in the number of marketers actively advertising on Facebook, an increase in user growth and engagement, and an increase in the number and frequency of ads displayed in news feed, as well as the quality, relevance, and performance of those ads, were significant factors influencing our advertising revenue growth. The majority of our daily and monthly active users access Facebook on mobile devices, and we estimate that mobile advertising revenue represented approximately 83% of total advertising revenue in 2016. Our cost of revenue consists primarily of expenses associated with the delivery and distribution of our products, including expenses related to the operation of our data centers, which are critical to our technology infrastructure. Research and development expenses increased due to an increase in payroll and benefits as a result of a growth in employee headcount in engineering and other technical functions, reflecting our commitment to enhancing our IT capabilities. We plan to continue to accelerate the hiring of software engineers and other technical employees and increase our investment to support our research and development initiatives. The increase in operational expenses related to our data centers and technical infrastructure is expected to continue as we expand our capacity to support user growth and engagement. Our strategic resource allocation focuses on enhancing our technology capabilities and operational efficiency to drive business transformation and improve firm performance. The adoption of new technologies and the integration of existing systems are essential to maintaining our competitive advantage and responding to market dynamics. We recognize that our IT capabilities are integral to mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities, ultimately transforming our firm into a competitive force. Our ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access is paramount as we adapt to changing business needs and directions. The anticipated growth in our technology infrastructure and investments in IT resources are expected to enhance our operational flexibility and support our long-term strategic objectives.