Our products and services include indexes and analytical models; ratings and analysis that enable institutional investors to integrate ESG factors into their investment strategies; and analysis of real estate in both privately and publicly owned portfolios. The analytical content we provide through our products is enabled by applications and are the basis for the services that we provide to clients. Our analytical tools and content help clients measure and manage risk across all major asset classes. We focus on operating metrics, including run rate, subscription sales, and aggregate retention rate to manage the business. Our growth strategy includes developing new and enhancing existing product offerings, including combining existing product features or data derived from our products to create new products. Cost of revenues consists of costs related to the production and servicing of our products and services and primarily includes related information technology costs, including data center, platform, and infrastructure costs; costs to acquire, produce and maintain market data information; costs of research to support, maintain and rebalance existing products; costs of product management teams; costs of client service and consultant teams to support customer needs; as well as other support costs directly attributable to the cost of revenues including certain human resources, finance, and legal costs. Research and development expenses consist of the costs to develop new or enhance existing products and the costs to develop new or improved technology and service platforms for the delivery of our products and services and primarily includes the costs of application development, quality and assurance, research, product management, project management, and the technology support associated with these efforts. We utilize a portfolio of key financial metrics to manage the company, including GAAP and non-GAAP measures. The improvement in adjusted EBITDA margin reflects higher growth in operating revenues in the index, analytics, and ESG product lines, combined with lower adjusted EBITDA expenses, reflecting strong expense management. Our business is not highly capital intensive and, as such, we expect to continue to convert a high percentage of our profits into excess cash in the future. The run rate at a particular point in time primarily represents the forward-looking revenues for the next 12 months from then-current subscriptions and investment product licenses we provide to our clients under renewable contracts or agreements. The run rate does not include fees associated with "one-time" and other non-recurring transactions. We measure the fees related to these agreements and refer to this as "run rate." The run rate calculation reflects, for ETFs, the market value on the last trading day of the period, for futures and options, the most recent quarterly volumes, and for non-ETF funds, the most recent client-reported assets under such license or subscription. Our recurring subscription revenues increased 6.5% to $913.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2016 compared to $857.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2015. The increase in recurring subscription revenues was driven by growth from index products as well as higher revenues from analytics and ESG products, partially offset by lower real estate products' revenues within the all other segment. The increase was primarily driven by a 19.2% increase in non-ETF passive funds, as well as a 34.8% increase in revenue from futures and options contracts linked to MSCI indexes. The increase in cash and cash equivalents held by foreign subsidiaries primarily reflects ongoing efforts to better align our tax profile with our global operating footprint.