The acquisition of Guardian Digital Communications Limited ("GDCL") enables us to geographically diversify our global managed & support services offerings, while offering a proven service delivery platform to build on for providing innovative, leading, mission-critical communications solutions and services to customers. Our products and services help government, public safety, and commercial customers improve their operations through increased effectiveness, efficiency, and safety of their mobile workforces. As communication networks have become increasingly complex, software-centric, and data-driven, we have shifted our offerings to align with this technology trend in serving our customers. We expect to continue to see growing demands for our managed & support services going forward. These services offerings help customers manage, support, and upgrade their networks as well as utilize features, applications, and data in new ways including predictive policing, proactive support, or smarter response strategies. Our expertise in both public and private networks makes us uniquely qualified to provide these public safety broadband solutions to this customer base. The growth of our services portfolio is expected to outpace our products segment, driven by higher managed & support services sales from both the acquisition of GDCL as well as organic growth. The expected decline in IDEN sales will impact both revenues and gross margins within the services segment as IDEN services' gross margins are generally higher than the remainder of our services portfolio. We strive to optimize our capital structure to enable prioritized investments in the business and targeted acquisitions as a source of generating solid future operating cash flows. We believe we are well-positioned to compete in both our core markets and adjacent growth areas. As we add new products, features, and software upgrades, we ensure our solutions are interoperable and backward-compatible, enabling customers to confidently invest for their future needs while allowing them to utilize their prior investment in our technology. The integration of our services segment has been positively impacted by the acquisition of GDCL, which provided significant net sales during the year. Our managed & support services segment has seen organic growth, particularly in North America and AP, and we expect our overall revenue mix to continue to shift towards software and services over time. We have proactively invested in next-generation public safety broadband solutions for years, as we believe public safety LTE solutions are the next-generation tool for our public safety first-responder customers. The acquisition of software and services companies has expanded our command center software and services portfolio, enabling us to offer a full suite of solutions to a broader customer base. Our commitment to driving shareholder value is reflected in our focus on revenue growth, operating leverage, cash flow generation, and efficient capital deployment. We have a broad, compelling products and services portfolio specifically tailored for our mission-critical communications customer base that spans many layers of governments, public safety, and first responders, as well as commercial and industrial customers in a number of key verticals. We have experienced a downward trend in IDEN product and services sales over recent years due to decreased demand as a result of the dated nature of the technology. The expected decline in IDEN sales will impact both revenues and gross margins within the services segment as IDEN services' gross margins are generally higher than the remainder of our services portfolio.