We are a leading provider of trading, clearing, exchange technology, regulatory, securities listing, information and public company services. Our technology powers markets across the globe, supporting equity derivative trading, clearing and settlement, cash equity trading, fixed income trading and many other functions. We provide market technology to exchanges, clearing organizations and central securities depositories around the world. Our business performance is impacted by a number of drivers including changing technology, particularly in the financial services industry, and technological advances and members' and customers' demand for speed, efficiency, and reliability. We recognize that there are a number of significant structural and political issues continuing to impact the global economy, which may lead to increased levels of market volatility and a more cautious outlook by the clients of our non-trading segments. Our strategy continues to include identifying organic growth within our core business units and developing adjacent opportunities within our core businesses. We expect intense competition among U.S. equity and options marketplaces to continue, and new entrants will be part of our competitive environment. We believe that our diversified businesses position us well to compete in an uncertain market environment. Market trends require continued investment in technology to meet customers' and regulators' demands as markets and participants adapt to a global financial industry. We continue to make progress to leverage emerging technologies to expand the ways we serve clients, with our launch of the trading and analytics product suite, which begins to leverage machine intelligence in its logic. We also continue to invest in our public relations and governance businesses through our acquisitions of Marketwired and Boardvantage. Our market technology segment has seen growth due to an increase in revenues from software, licensing and support as well as surveillance products. We believe that our future will continue to be determined by our ability to satisfy our customers' evolving needs and to allocate resources in strategic areas which will yield attractive returns. We will continue to leverage our technology strengths and offer new products that expand and strengthen our relationships with existing and new customers. The implementation of new regulations may create both challenges in our existing businesses as well as new opportunities for growth. We expect this next generation platform to contribute meaningfully to our order intake in 2017 and beyond. We will continue to look for opportunities to further diversify our business with enhanced product offerings and/or acquisitions that are complementary to our existing businesses. The evolution of market participants' trading and investment strategies and the continued rapid progression and deployment of new technology in the financial services industry are critical to our operational flexibility and market agility. Our ability to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources in combination with other resources and capabilities is essential for transforming our firm into a competitive force.