As we expanded internationally, we obtained additional rights for the new geographies. With our global expansion, we now aspire to obtain global rights for our content. We have built our own global content delivery network ("open connect") to help us efficiently stream a high volume of content to our members over the internet. Technology and development expenses consist of payroll and related costs incurred in making improvements to our service offerings, including testing, maintaining and modifying our user interface, our recommendation, merchandising and streaming delivery technology and infrastructure. The increase in technology and development expenses was primarily due to a $162.3 million increase in personnel-related costs resulting from an increase in compensation for existing employees and a 20% growth in average headcount supporting continued improvements in our streaming service and our international expansion. In addition, third-party expenses, including costs associated with cloud computing, increased $27.3 million. We believe this is an important measure of our operating segment performance as it represents each segment's performance before global corporate costs. Marketing expenses incurred by our international streaming segment have been significant and fluctuate dependent upon the number of international territories in which our streaming service is offered and the timing of the launch of new territories. We have demonstrated our ability to grow domestic streaming contribution margin as evidenced by the increase in contribution margin from 17% in 2012 to 36% in 2016. The increase in our international revenues was due to the 57% growth in the average number of paid international memberships and a 4% increase in average monthly revenue per paying membership. The average monthly revenue per paying membership for the fourth quarter of 2016 increased by 10% compared to the same quarter in the prior year. The increase in international cost of revenues was primarily due to a $998.5 million increase in content expenses relating to our existing and new streaming content, including more exclusive and original programming. Other costs increased primarily due to increases in our streaming delivery expenses, costs associated with our customer service call centers and payment processing fees, all driven by our growing member base. We expect to significantly increase our investments in global streaming content, particularly in original content, which will impact our liquidity and may result in future negative free cash flows even after we achieve material global profitability. Our primary uses of cash include the acquisition, licensing and production of content, streaming delivery, marketing programs and personnel-related costs. We believe free cash flow is an important liquidity metric because it measures, during a given period, the amount of cash generated that is available to repay debt obligations, make investments in content and for certain other activities or the amount of cash used in operations, including investments in global streaming content. The significant net cash used in operations is due primarily to the increase in investments in streaming content that require more upfront payments. The payments for streaming content assets increased $2,271.4 million, from $4,609.2 million to $6,880.6 million, or 49%. The increase in domestic streaming revenues was due to a 12% growth in the average number of paid memberships and an 8% increase in average monthly revenue per paying membership. The increase in domestic streaming cost of revenues was primarily due to a $335.4 million increase in content expenses relating to our existing and new streaming content, including more exclusive and original programming.