We continue to focus on executing our strategic plan and remain committed to maintaining our strong levels of rail service, generating higher returns on capital, and increasing the efficiency of our resources. The 2016 decrease in purchased services expense reflected lower TCS operational costs, reduced repair and maintenance expenses, and decreased transportation activity costs, offset in part by higher volume-related costs in intermodal operations. The increase in 2015 reflected higher costs associated with intermodal operations, information technology, maintenance and repair, and the Roanoke, Virginia corporate office closure, partially offset by TCS restructuring-related savings. Technology and other investments of $110 million are planned for new or upgraded systems and computers. We also expect to spend $80 million on infrastructure improvements to increase mainline capacity and to accommodate business growth. Our employment averaged 28,044 in 2016, compared with 30,456 in 2015, and 29,482 in 2014. Looking forward to 2017, we expect higher compensation and benefit expenses, a result of wage increases, medical cost inflation, and higher levels of incentive compensation. We anticipate that cost-control initiatives will keep employment levels flat notwithstanding expected volume increases. The anticipated spending includes $930 million for the normalized replacement of rail, ties, and ballast, the improvement or replacement of bridges and other maintenance of way items. Planned equipment spending of $340 million includes new and rebuilt locomotives, mill gondolas, automobile multilevel recertifications, and covered hoppers. Investments in facilities and terminals are anticipated to be $170 million and include terminals and equipment to add capacity to our intermodal network, expanded bulk transfer facilities, improvements to vehicle distribution facilities, and upgrades and expansions of our mechanical service shops. For 2017, we have budgeted $240 million for the continued implementation of PTC and expect post-2017 PTC-related property additions to total approximately $300 million. We expect cash on hand combined with cash provided by operating activities will be sufficient to meet our ongoing obligations. Our goal is to maintain a capital structure with appropriate leverage to support our business strategy and provide flexibility through business cycles. We manage overall exposure to fluctuations in interest rates by issuing both fixed- and floating-rate debt instruments. We consider it unlikely that interest rate fluctuations applicable to these instruments will result in a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity. The effective income tax rate was 35.4% in 2016, compared with 36.3% in 2015 and 36.2% in 2014. The decrease in 2016 reflects favorable tax benefits associated with stock-based compensation and higher returns from corporate-owned life insurance. We believe the estimate of any reasonably possible loss will not have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity. We record adjustments to revenues in the periods if and when such adjustments are probable and reasonably estimable. Our 2016 results reflect our progress and commitment to achieving the goals set forth in our strategic plan. Through a disciplined cost-control focus, we achieved a record-setting railway operating ratio of 68.9% and delivered approximately $250 million of productivity savings, despite the economic challenges that continue to affect our industry. Operational improvements allowed us to maintain near all-time best service levels and achieve high levels of network fluidity, which improved train performance and asset utilization.