Nvidia delivers value to its customers through pc, mobile and cloud architectures. Vertical integration enables us to bring together hardware, system software, programmable algorithms, libraries, systems and services to create unique value for the markets we serve. Our GPU product brands are aimed at specialized markets including GeForce for gamers; Quadro for designers; Tesla and DGX for AI data scientists and big data researchers; and GRID for cloud-based visual computing users. For datacenter, we introduced the Tesla P100, P40 and P4 GPU accelerators, unveiled our Inception program, which provides access to Nvidia technology and expertise to support the growth of startups in deep learning and data science, and began shipping the DGX-1 AI supercomputer to research organizations, universities, and multinationals. We also collaborated with Microsoft to accelerate AI with a GPU-accelerated Microsoft Cognitive Toolkit available on the Microsoft Azure cloud and Nvidia DGX-1, partnered with the National Cancer Institute and the U.S. Department of Energy to build CANDLE, an AI framework that will advance cancer research. Our tegra processor business revenue increased by 47% in fiscal year 2017 compared to fiscal year 2016, driven by an increase of over 50% in sales of tegra products and services serving automotive systems and an increase of almost 50% in gaming development platforms compared to last year. We initiated collaborative research in advanced self-driving technology with New York University's pioneering deep learning team and announced that Nvidia Drive PX 2 will power a new autopilot system in all of Tesla Motors' factory-produced vehicles. Our overall gross margin was 58.8%, 56.1%, and 55.5% for fiscal years 2017, 2016, and 2015, respectively, driven primarily by a higher mix of our GPU business and fewer inventory provisions. Research and development expenses increased by 10% in fiscal year 2017 compared to fiscal year 2016, driven primarily by employee additions and increases in employee compensation and other related costs, including stock-based compensation expense. Sales, general and administrative expenses increased by 10% in fiscal year 2017 compared to fiscal year 2016, driven primarily by employee additions and increases in employee compensation and other related costs, including stock-based compensation expense. Our management has discussed the development and selection of these critical accounting policies and estimates with the audit committee of our board of directors. The audit committee has reviewed our disclosures relating to our critical accounting policies and estimates in this annual report on Form 10-K. We believe that our existing cash balances and anticipated cash flows from operations will be sufficient to meet our operating and capital expenditure requirements for at least the next twelve months. Our cash balances are held in numerous locations throughout the world, including substantial amounts held outside of the United States. As of January 29, 2017, we had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of $2.24 billion held within the United States and $4.56 billion held outside of the United States. We intend to return approximately $1.25 billion to shareholders through ongoing quarterly cash dividends and share repurchases. Our cash dividend program and the payment of future cash dividends under that program are subject to continued capital availability and our board's continuing determination that the dividend program and the declaration of dividends thereunder are in the best interests of our shareholders and are in compliance with all laws and agreements of Nvidia applicable to the declaration and payment of cash dividends.