In management's discussion and analysis, we provide a historical and prospective narrative of our general financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and certain other factors that may affect our future results. We believe the key drivers of current and future demand of the products sold within the automotive aftermarket include the number of U.S. miles driven, number of U.S. registered vehicles, new light vehicle registrations, average vehicle age, and unemployment. We have ongoing initiatives aimed at tailoring our product offering to adjust to customers' changing preferences, and we also have initiatives focused on marketing and training to educate customers on the advantages of ongoing vehicle maintenance. The increase in gross profit dollars for the year ended December 31, 2016, was primarily a result of the increase in comparable store sales at existing stores, sales from new stores, and one additional day due to leap day. The increase in gross profit as a percentage of sales for the year ended December 31, 2016, was primarily due to product acquisition cost improvements, partially offset by a larger non-cash last-in, first-out impact. Our policy is to not write up inventory in excess of replacement cost, and accordingly, we are effectively valuing our inventory at replacement cost. The increase in total SG&A dollars for the year ended December 31, 2016, was primarily the result of additional team members, facilities, and vehicles to support our increased sales and store count. The increase in net cash provided by operating activities in 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily due to an increase in net income and a greater decrease in net inventory investment, partially offset by a decrease in income taxes payable. Our accounts payable to inventory ratio was 105.7% as of December 31, 2016, as compared to 99.1% in the prior year. The larger increase in our accounts payable to inventory ratio in 2016 was primarily attributable to incrementally better terms from our suppliers and additional suppliers participating in our supplier financing programs. The current costs associated with the opening of a new store, including the cost of land acquisition, building improvements, fixtures, vehicles, net inventory investment, and computer equipment, are estimated to average approximately $1.5 million to $1.8 million; however, such costs may be significantly reduced where we lease rather than purchase the store site. Our liquidity and related ratios indicate that cash expected to be provided by operating activities and availability under our unsecured revolving credit facility will be sufficient to fund both our short-term and long-term capital and liquidity needs for the foreseeable future. We have established a task force, composed of multiple functional groups inside of the company, that is currently in the process of evaluating critical components of new accounting guidance and the potential impact of the guidance on our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. We will adopt this guidance beginning with our first quarter ending March 31, 2018. The application of this new guidance is not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. The increase in our provision for income taxes for the year ended December 31, 2016, was the result of higher taxable income in 2016, primarily driven by our strong operating results, and higher effective tax rates. We are currently involved in litigation incidental to the ordinary conduct of our business. Management, with the assistance of outside legal counsel, must make estimates of potential legal obligations and possible liabilities arising from such litigation and records reserves for these expenditures.