We are a leading provider of integrated human capital management ("HCM") solutions for payroll, human resource ("HR"), retirement, and insurance services for small- to medium-sized businesses. Our strategy focuses on flexible, convenient service; industry-leading, integrated technology; solid sales execution; providing a comprehensive suite of value-added HCM services; continued service penetration; and engaging in strategic acquisitions. We continue to focus on driving growth in the number of clients, revenue, and profits, while providing industry-leading service and technology solutions to our clients and their employees. We believe that investing in our products, people, and service capabilities will position us to capitalize on opportunities for long-term growth. In fiscal 2016, we made significant enhancements to our Paychex Flex platform, which is our cloud-based HCM solution. We believe this leading-edge technology, along with our flexible service options, positively impacted our performance in the mid-market space, as we experienced especially strong sales results for this division in fiscal 2016. Our HR administration services are often included as part of the SaaS solutions for mid-market clients. We support small-business companies through our core payroll, utilizing our robust Paychex Flex platform, and our SaaS SurePayroll products. Our SaaS solution through Paychex Flex Enterprise integrates payroll processing with human resource management, employee benefits administration, time and labor management, and applicant tracking and onboarding solutions. We continue to strengthen our position as an expert in our industry by serving as a source of education and information to clients, small businesses, and other interested parties. We provide free webinars, white papers, and other information on our website to aid existing and prospective clients with the impact of regulatory changes. Our mission is to be the leading provider of payroll, HR, and employee benefits services for small- and mid-sized companies by being an essential partner with America's businesses. We believe success in this mission will lead to strong long-term financial performance. Our financial results for fiscal 2016 reflected sustained growth in our business. Payroll service revenue continued to experience steady growth driven by growth in client base and revenue per check. Our payroll client base grew 2% in fiscal 2016 to approximately 605,000 clients, resulting from solid sales execution and client retention results in excess of 82% of the beginning of the fiscal year client base. We are managing our personnel costs and expenses while continuing to invest in our business, particularly in leading-edge technology. We believe these investments are critical to our success. Our strategy focuses on flexible, convenient service; industry-leading, integrated technology; solid sales execution; providing a comprehensive suite of value-added HCM services; continued service penetration; and engaging in strategic acquisitions. We continue to experience strong demand for our Paychex HR services, our largest HR revenue stream, as evidenced by the continued double-digit growth in client worksite employees. We believe that our investments as of May 31, 2016, along with projected operating cash flows, will support our normal business operations, capital purchases, share repurchases, dividend payments, and business acquisitions for the foreseeable future. Our financial position as of May 31, 2016, remained strong with cash and total corporate investments of $793.2 million and no debt. We believe these investments are critical to our success.