The company believes many opportunities for growth are available and intends to focus primarily on business opportunities in the areas of energy, water, food, environment, defense, life sciences, infrastructure, and transportation. The company has been able to borrow needed funds at affordable interest rates and had a debt to debt-shareholders' equity ratio of 39.9 percent at June 30, 2016. The company continues to generate substantial cash flows from operations, has controlled capital spending, and has proactively managed working capital. The company has remained focused on maintaining its financial strength by adjusting its cost structure to reflect changing demand levels, maintaining a strong balance sheet, and managing its cash. The company believes it can meet its strategic objectives by serving the customer and continuously enhancing its experience with the company, successfully executing its win strategy initiatives relating to premier customer service, financial performance, and profitable growth, and fostering an entrepreneurial culture. The company is committed to engineering innovative systems and products to provide superior customer value through improved service, efficiency, and productivity. The company anticipates that cost savings realized from the workforce reduction measures taken during 2016 will increase 2017 operating income by approximately 11 percent in the diversified industrial North American business and by approximately 13 percent in the diversified industrial international business. The company expects to continue to take actions necessary to structure appropriately the operations of the diversified industrial segment. The company has been able to implement successfully its capital allocation initiatives, including timing, price, and execution of share repurchases. The company recognizes that competitive market conditions and resulting effects on sales and pricing may impact its operational efficiency and market responsiveness. The company has also identified uncertainties surrounding the timing, successful completion, or integration of acquisitions and similar transactions as factors that may affect future performance. The company’s ability to identify acceptable strategic acquisition targets is crucial for its growth and innovation initiatives. The company continues to assess its existing businesses and initiate efforts to divest businesses that are not considered to be a good long-term strategic fit. The company anticipates diversified industrial North American sales for 2017 will range from a decrease of five percent to a decrease of one percent from the 2016 level, while diversified industrial international sales for 2017 will increase between one percent and five percent from the 2016 level. The company’s strategic management practices include driving efficiency by implementing lean enterprise principles and creating a culture of empowerment through its values, inclusion and diversity, accountability, and teamwork. The company has a strong focus on maintaining its decentralized division and sales company structure, which supports its operational flexibility and responsiveness to market dynamics. The company’s strategic objectives are aligned with its commitment to innovation partnerships and enhancing its IT capabilities to support business needs and transformation initiatives. The company believes that its IT capabilities, which include the coordination of its assets and internal processes, are essential for achieving competitive advantage and operational excellence in a rapidly changing business environment.