Over the last several years, we have invested in a variety of technologies that have allowed us to achieve efficiencies and increase our investments in real estate with minimal increases to general and administrative expenses. We will continue to leverage these technologies in order to further streamline our operations and reduce our costs as a percentage of assets under management, along with advanced data analysis to enhance decision making. Our plan to grow revenues, earnings, and cash flows is based on the expectation that market rents will continue to grow, driven by demand for the location and quality of our properties. The carrying value of our land bank is below its current fair value, and we expect to realize this value primarily through development. We believe a successful development and redevelopment program involves maintaining control of well-positioned land. The operating fundamentals in the markets in which we operate continue to improve, positively affecting both rental rates and occupancy, which fuels development activity. We evaluate our business operations based on the net operating income (NOI) of our two business reporting segments, real estate operations and strategic capital, which helps both management and investors understand the core operations of our business. Our owned and managed portfolio includes operating properties and does not include properties under development or held for sale to third parties. We believe reviewing these fundamentals allows management to understand the entire impact on the financial statements, affecting both the real estate operations and strategic capital segments. The revenues from our real estate operations segment include noncash adjustments for straight-lined rent and amortization of above and below market leases. We have experienced an increase in rental rates on turnover of existing leases every quarter beginning in 2013, resulting in higher average rental rates in our portfolio and increased rental revenues and NOI as those leases commenced. Our strategic capital segment includes revenues from asset management and other fees, as well as promotes earned for services performed for our unconsolidated co-investment ventures. We allocate the costs of our property management functions to the strategic capital segment through strategic capital expenses and to the real estate operations segment through rental expenses based on the size of the relative portfolios. Our ability to generate cash from operating activities, distributions from our co-investment ventures, and available financing sources is considered adequate to meet our anticipated future development, acquisition, operating, debt service, dividend, and distribution requirements. We expect to fund our cash needs principally from available unrestricted cash balances, property operations, fees earned for services performed on behalf of the co-investment ventures, and proceeds from the disposition of properties. Our debt decreased primarily from the repayment of the senior term loan related to the KTR transaction with proceeds from contributions and dispositions. We believe that our technology investments and operational efficiencies will continue to enhance our competitive advantage and support our strategic objectives in the evolving market landscape.