The discussion should be read in conjunction with the other sections of this annual report, including the consolidated financial statements and related notes. Our products are sold in more than 180 markets, and in many of these markets, they hold the number one or number two market share position. We manage our business in four segments: European Union; Eastern Europe, Middle East & Africa; Asia; and Latin America & Canada. Our portfolio comprises both international and local brands. We are engaged in the development and commercialization of reduced-risk products, which present less risk of harm to smokers who switch to these products versus continued smoking. Our net revenues and operating income are affected by various factors, including the volume of products we sell, the price of our products, changes in currency exchange rates, and the mix of products we sell. The mix can also refer to the proportion of shipment volume in more profitable markets versus shipment volume in less profitable markets. Our marketing, administration, and research costs include costs incurred to develop new products. As a holding company, our principal sources of funds are from the receipt of dividends and repayment of debt from our subsidiaries. Our principal wholly owned and majority-owned subsidiaries currently are not limited by long-term debt or other agreements in their ability to pay cash dividends or to make other distributions with respect to their common stock. The changes in our reported diluted earnings per share for the year ended December 31, 2016, were influenced by operations, which included higher pricing and lower marketing, administration, and research costs across various segments. The forecast for 2017 reflects net revenue growth in excess of our current annual growth target range, excluding currency and acquisitions. This forecast does not include any share repurchases in 2017. We believe it is appropriate to disclose adjusted diluted earnings per share as it represents core earnings, improves comparability, and helps investors analyze business performance and trends. The factors described in risk factors represent continuing risks to this forecast. The increase in diluted earnings per share from our operations was due primarily to higher pricing and lower costs, partially offset by unfavorable volume/mix. Our effective income tax rate for 2016 decreased, and the unfavorable currency impact during 2016 resulted from the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against various currencies, which has impacted our profitability across primary revenue markets. The discussion of events affecting the comparability of statement of earnings amounts is included in the consolidated operating results section. We recorded pre-tax asset impairment and exit costs related to organizational restructuring in the European Union segment. The factors affecting our financial performance include operational flexibility, market dynamics, and the ability to leverage technology resources in support of business strategies. The coordination of our assets and internal processes, along with interfirm transactions and relationships, underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources to enhance organizational capabilities and support business needs.