We continue to invest in technology to bolster critical business infrastructure and streamline core processes. Our approach is concentrated on organically growing and deepening client relationships across our lines of business that meet our risk/return measures. We are focused on reinventing the retail banking experience by transforming the retail distribution network and the home lending process for a better customer experience and improved efficiency. Our capital priorities are to support client growth and business investment, maintain appropriate capital in light of economic conditions, and return excess capital to shareholders. Our ability to manage and implement strategic business objectives within the changing regulatory environment is crucial. We strive to enhance value over the long term by building a leading banking franchise in underpenetrated geographic markets. The strategic priorities designed to enhance value over the long term include investing in technology to improve operational efficiency and support business innovation. We face a variety of risks that may impact various aspects of our risk profile from time to time, including changes in the competitive and regulatory landscape. Our financial performance is substantially affected by external factors outside of our control, including domestic and global economic conditions and the functioning of capital and financial markets. Our success will depend upon effectively managing capital and liquidity, including maintaining and growing our deposit base as a low-cost stable funding source. We are focused on expense management while investing in technology to enhance our capabilities. Our business model is built on customer loyalty and engagement, understanding our customers' financial goals, and offering diverse products and services to help them achieve financial wellbeing. We are also enhancing our risk management strategies to address operational challenges and external influences. The strategic management practices we employ are designed to ensure that risks are identified, balanced decisions are made that consider risk and return, and risks are adequately monitored and managed. We utilize operational risk management programs to assess existing risks, determine potential/emerging risks, and evaluate the effectiveness of internal controls. Our enterprise risk management framework supports our effective and consistent management of operational risk, which is inherent to the entire organization. We have established risk management policies and procedures to provide direction, guidance, and clarity on roles and responsibilities to management and the board of directors. The governance structure facilitates timely identification and resolution of risk issues, and our multi-level risk committee structure provides a formal channel to identify, decision, and report risk. Our strategic alignment with technology capabilities is critical to achieving our organizational goals and enhancing our competitive positioning. We continuously evaluate and enhance our use of internal data and management judgment to support our risk management practices. The integration of technology into our business processes is essential for maintaining operational flexibility and improving performance outcomes. We recognize the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities to transform our firm into a competitive force.