Our centralized information networks, national telephone and online reservation system, the brand name "public storage," and our economies of scale enable us to meet such challenges effectively. We believe that our real estate development activities are beneficial to our business operations over the long run. However, in the short run, development activities dilute our earnings due to the three to four year period that it takes to fill up newly developed and redeveloped storage facilities and reach a stabilized level of cash flows offset by the cost of capital to fund the development cost, combined with related overhead expenses flowing through general and administrative expense. We expect to continue to seek additional development projects; however, the level of future development may be limited due to various constraints such as difficulty in finding available sites that meet our risk-adjusted yield expectations, as well as challenges in obtaining building permits for self-storage activities in certain municipalities. We believe that our management and operating infrastructure allows us to generate higher net operating income from newly acquired facilities than was achieved by the previous owners. However, it can take 24 or more months for us to fully achieve the higher net operating income, and the ultimate levels of net operating income to be achieved can be affected by changes in general economic conditions. We expect to increase the number and net rentable square feet of non-same store facilities over at least the next 24 months through development of new self-storage facilities, redevelopment of existing facilities, and acquisitions of facilities. We also have equity investments in Shurgard Europe and PS Business Parks, Inc. ("PSB"). Our capital resources include cash, available borrowing capacity on our revolving line of credit, and expected retained operating cash flow for the next twelve months. Our planned capital needs over the next year consist of remaining spend on our current development pipeline, property acquisitions currently under contract, and principal repayments on existing debt. Our capital needs may increase significantly over the next year as we expect to increase our development pipeline and acquire additional properties. We believe that our net cash provided by our operating activities will continue to be sufficient to enable us to meet our ongoing requirements for principal payments on debt, maintenance capital expenditures, and distributions to our shareholders for the foreseeable future. We expect to continue to seek to acquire properties; however, there is significant competition to acquire existing facilities, and there can be no assurance as to the level of facilities we may acquire. We believe that high occupancies help maximize our rental income. We seek to maintain a weighted average square foot occupancy level of at least 90%, by regularly adjusting the rental rates and promotions offered to attract new tenants as well as adjusting our marketing efforts on both television and the internet in order to generate sufficient move-in volume to replace tenants that vacate. Our future rental growth will also be dependent upon many factors for each market that we operate in, including demand for self-storage space, the level of new supply of self-storage space, and the average length of stay of our tenants. We believe that the current trends in move-in, move-out, in-place contractual rents, and occupancy levels are consistent with our expectation of continued revenue growth. However, such trends, when viewed in the short run, are volatile and not necessarily predictive of our revenues going forward because they are subject to many short-term factors. We are taking a number of actions to improve demand into our system, including increasing marketing spend on the internet and television, and reducing rental rates and increasing promotional discounts to new tenants.