Management's discussion and analysis is the company's analysis of its financial performance, financial condition, and significant trends that may affect future performance. Phillips 66 is an energy manufacturing and logistics company with midstream, chemicals, refining, and marketing and specialties businesses. Our commitment to operating excellence guides everything we do, and we are committed to protecting the health and safety of everyone who has a role in our operations and the communities in which we operate. Continuous improvement in safety, environmental stewardship, reliability, and cost efficiency is a fundamental requirement for our company and employees. We actively monitor and report these costs to senior management. Our operating and selling, general and administrative expenses were $5.9 billion in 2016. We strive to attract, develop, and retain individuals with the knowledge and skills to implement our business strategy and who support our values and culture. Throughout the company, we focus on getting results in the right way and believe success is both what we do and how we do it. We foster an environment of learning and development through structured programs focused on enhancing functional and technical skills where employees are engaged in our business and committed to their own, as well as the company's, success. Our financial performance in 2016 demonstrated the benefit of a diversified portfolio of businesses in a low commodity price environment. We continue to focus on strategic priorities, including operating excellence and growth, which are essential for enhancing our capabilities and competitive advantage. We have budgeted $2.7 billion in capital expenditures and investments in 2017, with a significant portion allocated to projects that improve operational efficiency and support our business strategy. Our capital budget is directed toward reliability, safety, and environmental projects, as well as projects designed to improve clean product yields and lower feedstock costs. The chemicals segment consists of our 50 percent interest in CP Chem, which we account for under the equity method. CP Chem uses NGL and other feedstocks to produce petrochemicals. The chemicals and plastics industry is mainly a commodity-based industry where the margins for key products are based on supply and demand, as well as cost factors. Our refining segment results are driven by several factors including refining margins, cost control, refinery throughput, and product yields. We believe shareholder value is enhanced through consistent growth of regular dividends, supplemented by share repurchases. We increased our quarterly dividend rate by 13 percent during 2016. Our investment decisions are guided by a disciplined capital allocation process that ensures we focus investments in projects that generate competitive returns throughout the business cycle. We expect to improve refining returns by increasing throughput of advantaged feedstocks and optimizing our portfolio. Our digital infrastructure and IT capabilities are critical in supporting our operational flexibility and enhancing our business processes. We are committed to leveraging technology resources and capabilities to drive business transformation and improve firm performance. Our ongoing investments in IT systems and technology management practices are designed to enhance our operational efficiency and support our strategic objectives.