The services we provide include the design, installation, upgrade, repair, and maintenance of infrastructure within each of the industries we serve, such as electric power transmission and distribution networks, substation facilities, renewable energy facilities, and pipeline transmission and distribution systems and facilities. Our integrated operations and common administrative support at each of our operating units require that certain allocations, including allocations of shared and indirect costs, such as facility costs, indirect operating expenses including depreciation, and general and administrative costs, be made to determine operating segment profitability. We recognize revenue on our unit price and cost-plus contracts as units are completed or services are performed. For our fixed price contracts, we record revenues as work on the contract progresses on a percentage-of-completion basis. We have developed strong strategic alliances with numerous customers and strive to develop and maintain our status as a preferred vendor to our customers. The electric power infrastructure services segment provides comprehensive network solutions to customers in the electric power industry, which includes the design, installation, upgrade, repair, and maintenance of electric power transmission and distribution infrastructure and substation facilities along with other engineering and technical services. This segment also provides emergency restoration services, including the repair of infrastructure damaged by inclement weather, the energized installation, maintenance, and upgrade of electric power infrastructure utilizing unique bare hand and hot stick methods and our proprietary robotic arm technologies, and the installation of "smart grid" technologies on electric power networks. Recent investments, acquisitions, and divestitures have enabled us to further enhance our service offerings in the United States, Canada, and Australia. We believe there are growth opportunities across all the industries we serve and continue to have a positive long-term outlook. We expect these system upgrades will result in increased spending and increased demand for our services over the long term. The significant improvement in access to natural gas resources from unconventional shale formations in the United States and Canada has dramatically increased the near- and long-term supply of natural gas in North America. This increase in supply has also resulted in low natural gas prices for the past several years and the anticipation that natural gas prices will remain at lower levels going forward. We consider renewable energy, including solar and wind generation facilities, to be an ongoing opportunity for our engineering, project management, and installation services. We believe that our comprehensive services, industry knowledge, and experience in the design, installation, and maintenance of renewable energy facilities will enable us to support our customers' renewable energy efforts. The regulatory and environmental permitting processes remain a hurdle for some proposed transmission and renewable energy projects, and these factors continue to create uncertainty as to the timing of this spending. We believe that utilities remain committed to the expansion and strengthening of their transmission infrastructure with planning, engineering, and funding for many of their projects in place. We also anticipate increased infrastructure spending by our customers as a result of regulation requiring the power industry to meet federal reliability standards for its transmission and distribution systems and providing incentives to the industry to invest in and improve maintenance on its systems. We believe that our financial strength will enable us to manage these challenges and uncertainties, and we remain optimistic about our near-term and long-term opportunities.