The discussion under this caption includes forward-looking statements regarding business and industry prospects or future results of operations or financial position. We believe our most critical accounting policies are as follows: ship accounting, which takes into consideration the impact of anticipated technological changes. The impairment review for goodwill consists of a qualitative assessment of whether it is more-likely-than-not that a reporting unit's fair value is less than its carrying amount, and if necessary, a two-step goodwill impairment test. Factors to consider when performing the qualitative assessment include general economic conditions and changes in forecasted operating results. The estimation of fair value utilizing discounted expected future cash flows includes numerous uncertainties which require significant judgment when making assumptions of expected revenues and operating costs. We have focused on strategic investments in areas that will boost revenue, including the introduction of new ships and enhancements to onboard services, such as high-speed internet products. We expect to continue this upward onboard yield growth trend and remain dedicated to finding efficiencies and identifying synergies. Our long-term commitment to grow revenue yields, manage costs, and maintain steady capacity growth continues to guide us. The increase in onboard revenue was primarily due to higher spending on a per passenger basis, driven by our ship upgrade programs and other revenue-enhancing initiatives, including various beverage and gaming initiatives, and the promotion of specialty restaurants. The increase in ticket prices was partially offset by lower pricing on Mediterranean and Asia sailings. We utilize a variety of operational and financial metrics to evaluate our performance and financial condition, which we believe provide useful information to investors. Our net yields increased 3.9% on a constant-currency basis, primarily driven by increases in both ticket and onboard yields. The success of North American-based sailings was largely responsible for our organic revenue growth. We expect our capacity in the Caribbean to increase year-over-year, and we will continue to assess opportunities to enter into contracts for the building of additional ships. Our business model allows us to maintain a working capital deficit while still meeting our operating, investing, and financing needs. We anticipate that our cash flows from operations and our current financing arrangements will be adequate to meet our capital expenditures and debt repayments over the next 12-month period. The company remains focused on improving returns for our shareholders, and we have historically relied on a combination of cash flows provided by operations, drawdowns under our available credit facilities, and the incurrence of additional debt to fund our obligations. The increase in working capital deficit was primarily due to the increase in current liabilities of our long-term debt and customer deposits. Our liquidity consists of cash and cash equivalents and available credit facilities, which we believe will be sufficient to fund our operations and capital expenditures.