The planning, execution, and results of our clinical programs are significant factors that can affect our operating and financial results. Our ability to continue to generate profits and to generate positive cash flow from operations over the next several years depends significantly on our continued success in commercializing Eylea. The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are rapidly evolving and highly competitive, and new developments may render our products and technologies uncompetitive or obsolete. We expect to incur substantial costs related to the commercialization of Praluent and preparation for potential commercialization of Sarilumab and Dupixent, approximately half of which we expect to be reimbursed by Sanofi under the companies' collaboration agreement. Our financial results may fluctuate from quarter to quarter and will depend on, among other factors, the scope and progress of our research and development efforts, the timing of certain expenses, and the continuation of our collaborations. The terms of our collaboration agreements typically include that consideration be provided to us in the form of non-refundable up-front payments, research progress payments, and payments for development and commercialization activities. In arrangements involving multiple deliverables, we must determine whether each deliverable qualifies as a separate unit of accounting and how the consideration should be allocated to each separate unit of accounting based on the relative selling price of each deliverable. We prepare estimates of research and development costs for projects in clinical development, which include direct costs and allocations of certain costs such as indirect labor, non-cash compensation expense, and manufacturing and other costs related to activities that benefit multiple projects. Our estimates of research and development costs for clinical development programs are influenced by the results of our research and preclinical programs and early-stage clinical trials, regulatory requirements, and the duration and results of clinical trials underway. We expect continued increases in our expenditures, particularly in connection with our research and development activities. The amount of funding that will be required for our clinical programs depends upon the results of our research and preclinical programs and early-stage clinical trials, regulatory requirements, and the various factors that affect the cost of each trial. Our collaborators provide us with estimated development expenses for the most recent fiscal quarter, which are reconciled to their actual expenses in the subsequent fiscal quarter. We also recognize, as research and development expense, the portion of our collaborators' development expenses that we are obligated to reimburse. Our ability to effectively support business needs has become a key in transforming a firm into a competitive force. The notion of IT capability underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with, and leveraging the value of, other resources and capabilities. Our IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, and business process understanding to further organizational goals. The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are rapidly evolving and highly competitive, and new developments may render our products and technologies uncompetitive or obsolete. The planning, execution, and results of our clinical programs are significant factors that can affect our operating and financial results.