Our primary ongoing cash requirements are for merchandise inventory purchases, payroll, rent, taxes, and capital expenditures in connection with new and existing stores, and investments in distribution centers, information systems, and buying and corporate offices. We continually evaluate opportunistic real estate acquisitions and opportunities for potential new store locations. We also evaluate our current store locations and determine store closures based on similar criteria. Our capital expenditures include costs to build, expand, and improve distribution centers, open new stores and improve existing stores, and for various other expenditures related to our information technology systems, buying, and corporate offices. The decrease in capital expenditures in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015 was primarily due to the completion in 2015 of the rollout of new point of sale equipment in our stores and construction of a distribution center. We are forecasting approximately $400 million in capital expenditures for fiscal year 2017 to fund costs for fixtures and leasehold improvements to open new Ross and dd's discounts stores, the upgrade or relocation of existing stores, investments in information technology systems, and for various other expenditures related to our stores, distribution centers, buying and corporate offices. As of January 28, 2017, we had purchase obligations of approximately $2,146 million. These purchase obligations primarily consist of merchandise inventory purchase orders, commitments related to construction projects, store fixtures and supplies, and information technology service, transportation, and maintenance contracts. Our sales and earnings gains in 2016 continued to benefit from efficient execution of our off-price model throughout all areas of our business. We intend to address the competitive climate for off-price apparel and home goods by pursuing and refining our existing strategies and by continuing to strengthen our organization, diversify our merchandise mix, and more fully develop our systems to improve regional and local merchandise offerings. Our expansion strategy is to open additional stores based on market penetration, local demographic characteristics, competition, expected store profitability, and the ability to leverage overhead expenses. We regularly review the age and condition of our merchandise and are able to maintain current merchandise inventory in our stores through replenishment processes and liquidation of slower-moving merchandise through clearance markdowns. The timing of merchandise receipts and related payments versus last year resulted in higher accounts payable leverage. We expect to continue to take advantage of packaway inventory opportunities to maximize our ability to deliver bargains to our customers. The timing of the release of packaway inventory to our stores is principally driven by the product mix and seasonality of the merchandise, and its relation to our store merchandise assortment plans. Our capital expenditures over the last three years include significant investments in information technology systems, which are essential for supporting our operational efficiency and enhancing our business processes. We believe that our IT capabilities are critical to our ability to respond to market dynamics and consumer demands effectively. The integration of technology into our business operations allows us to optimize our processes and improve our overall performance metrics, thereby enhancing our competitive positioning in the market.