In January 2016, we realigned our field support functions by combining our three regions into two field groups, consolidating our areas and streamlining select operational support roles at our Phoenix headquarters. These changes included reducing administrative staffing levels, relocating office space, and closing certain office locations. Additionally, in the second quarter, we began the redesign of our back-office functions as well as the consolidation of over 100 customer service locations into three customer resource centers. The savings realized from these restructuring efforts will be reinvested in our customer-focused programs and initiatives. We expect our consolidation efforts to continue through 2017. Our corporate entities include legal, tax, treasury, information technology, risk management, human resources, closed landfills, and other administrative functions. We strive to have a number one or number two market position in each of the markets we serve, or have a clear path on how we will achieve a leading market position over time. In situations where we cannot establish a leading market position, or where operations are not generating acceptable returns, we may decide to divest certain assets and reallocate resources to other markets. Our definition of adjusted diluted earnings per share may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies. We believe our excess cash, cash from operating activities, and our availability to draw from our credit facilities provide us with sufficient financial resources to meet our anticipated capital requirements and maturing obligations as they come due. We may choose to voluntarily retire certain portions of our outstanding debt before their maturity dates using cash from operations or additional borrowings. We also may explore opportunities in capital markets to fund redemptions should market conditions be favorable. We have entered into various interest rate swap agreements relative to our fixed-rate senior notes due in May 2023 to reduce overall borrowing costs and rebalance our debt portfolio's ratio of fixed to floating interest rates. The goal was to manage exposure to fluctuations in interest rates in anticipation of a planned future issuance of senior notes. Our anticipated revenue growth is supported by our focus on managing the controllable aspects of our business by enhancing the quality of our revenue, investing in profitable growth opportunities, and reducing costs. We integrate our recycling operations with our collection operations and obtain revenue from the sale of recycled commodities. Our revenue from energy services consists mainly of fees we charge for the treatment of liquid and solid waste derived from the production of oil and natural gas. We believe that presenting adjusted pre-tax income, adjusted net income, and adjusted diluted earnings per share provides an understanding of operational activities before the financial effect of certain items. We use these measures and believe investors will find them helpful in understanding the ongoing performance of our operations separate from items that have a disproportionate effect on our results for a particular period. Our IT governance and management practices are crucial in supporting our operational efficiency and strategic resource allocation. The integration of technology capabilities into our business processes enhances our ability to respond to market dynamics and consumer demands effectively. We continuously evaluate our technology infrastructure to ensure alignment with our organizational goals and market-based performance.