Our management team continues to align our leadership with our evolving businesses, including the development of our global roastery and Starbucks Reserve® branded stores. As a result of these efforts, we expect consolidated revenue growth to be approximately 8% in fiscal 2017 when compared to our 53-week results in fiscal 2016. Additionally, we expect to continue investing in our partners and digital platforms, which provide enhanced wages and benefits and also focus on mobile and loyalty programs. We expect partner and digital investments to increase by approximately $250 million versus an increase of approximately $160 million in fiscal 2016, further demonstrating the importance of and value creation realized from these efforts. Our investments in digital platforms reflect our commitment to enhancing operational efficiency and supporting business innovation. The combination of these changes resulted in an overall increase in operating margin of 80 basis points over fiscal 2015. Store operating expenses as a percentage of total net revenues increased 20 basis points, primarily driven by increased investments in partners and digital platforms, partially offset by sales leverage. Our fiscal 2016 results reflected higher revenues from the opening of 981 net new stores over the past year, incremental revenues associated with the ownership change in Starbucks Japan, and a 3% increase in comparable store sales. The increase in company-operated store revenues was driven by a 6% increase in comparable store sales, incremental revenues from net new store openings, and the impact of the extra week in fiscal 2016. We continue to expand customer occasions outside of our retail stores and through our developing international presence, which reinforces our confidence in the long-term growth potential of this market. The decline in revenues in the EMEA segment was primarily driven by lower company-operated store revenues due to the shift to more licensed stores in the region and unfavorable foreign currency translation. Our channel development segment revenues grew 12% to $1.9 billion in fiscal 2016, primarily due to higher sales of premium single-serve products and increased foodservice and packaged coffee sales. The operating margin increased 400 basis points, primarily driven by strong performance from our North American coffee partnership joint venture and leverage on cost of sales. We expect consolidated operating margin to increase slightly in fiscal 2017 when compared to fiscal 2016, as sales leverage and cost savings initiatives will offset investments in our business and partners. We plan for our consolidated revenue growth to be driven by comparable store sales in the mid-single digits and the opening of approximately 2,100 net new stores globally. Our management practices focus on aligning technology capabilities with business strategies to enhance operational flexibility and market responsiveness. We believe that future cash flows generated from operations and existing cash and investments will be sufficient to finance capital requirements for our core businesses as well as shareholder distributions for the foreseeable future. We may also seek strategic acquisitions to leverage existing capabilities and further build our business in support of our growth agenda.