Management believes that strong client momentum continued as the company's innovative, full-service model resonated with clients and drove growth during the year. The company added 1.1 million new brokerage accounts to its client base during 2016, which contributed to bringing the total active brokerage accounts to 10.2 million by year-end. Management considers expenses, excluding interest, as a percentage of average client assets to be a measure of operating efficiency. Management believes that metrics relating to net new and total client assets, as well as client cash levels and utilization of advisory services, offer perspective on the company's business momentum and client engagement. The company has positioned itself to benefit from an increase in interest rates, especially short-term interest rates, by managing the duration of interest-earning assets to be shorter than that of interest-bearing liabilities, so that asset yields will move faster than liability costs. The company has established liquidity policies to support the successful execution of its business strategies, while ensuring ongoing and sufficient liquidity to meet its operational needs and satisfy applicable regulatory requirements under both normal and stress conditions. The company employs a variety of methodologies to monitor and manage liquidity, including regular liquidity stress testing to develop a consolidated view of liquidity risk exposures. The company has a comprehensive risk management program to identify and manage risks and their associated potential for financial and reputational impact. The company's operations are highly dependent on the integrity and resiliency of its critical business functions and technology systems. The company has designed and implemented an information security program that knits together complementary tools, controls, and technologies to protect systems, client accounts, and data. The company continuously monitors the systems and works collaboratively with government agencies, law enforcement, and other financial institutions to address potential threats. The company uses advanced monitoring systems to identify suspicious activity and deter unauthorized access by internal or external actors. The company limits the number of employees who have access to clients' personal information and enforces internal authentication measures to protect against the potential for social engineering. The company has established policies and procedures regarding the standard of care expected with company data, whether the data is internal company information, employee information, or non-public client information. The company maintains policies and procedures necessary to access funding and tests borrowing procedures on a periodic basis. The company has a comprehensive capital contingency plan to provide action plans for certain low probability/high impact capital events that the company might face. The results of the stress testing indicate there are two scenarios which could stress the company's capital: inflows of balance sheet cash during a period of very low interest rates and outflows of balance sheet cash when other sources of financing are not available and the company is required to sell assets to fund the flows at a loss. The company has established policies and procedures to identify and manage operational risk, and uses periodic risk and control self-assessments, control testing programs, and internal audit reviews to evaluate the effectiveness of these internal controls. The company attempts to manage compliance risk through policies, procedures, and controls reasonably designed to achieve and/or monitor compliance with applicable legal and regulatory requirements. The company has exposure to credit risk associated with its investment portfolios, which include U.S. agency and non-agency mortgage-backed securities, asset-backed securities, corporate debt securities, U.S. agency notes, U.S. treasury securities, certificates of deposit, U.S. state and municipal securities, and commercial paper.