The following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, statements relating to our plans, strategies, objectives, expectations, intentions, and resources. Schlumberger completed its acquisition of Cameron, combining their complementary portfolios into a pore-to-pipeline products and services offering for the world's oil and gas industry. The transaction enables the creation of technology-driven growth by integrating Schlumberger reservoir and well technology with Cameron wellhead and surface equipment, flow control, and processing technology. Schlumberger has navigated the commercial landscape by balancing pricing concessions and market share and also by proactively removing significant costs through workforce reductions, internal efficiency improvements, and strong supply chain management. Schlumberger's financial performance in 2016 was severely impacted by the significant decrease in land-based activity, particularly in North America where the average land rig count dropped 46% as compared to the previous year. The decrease in activity and pervasive pricing concessions resulted in a decline in revenue from the reservoir characterization and production groups as a result of lower demand for exploration- and development-related products and services as E&P budgets were further reduced. The margin decrease was highest in the reservoir characterization group, which contracted due to reduced high-margin wireline and testing services activities. Schlumberger expects the growth in E&P investments in 2017 to be led initially by land operators in North America. E&P spending surveys currently indicate that 2017 E&P investments in North America will increase by approximately 30%, which should lead to both higher activity and a recovery in service industry pricing. Schlumberger's operational efficiency and ability to leverage technology resources have become key in transforming the firm into a competitive force. The integration of technology capabilities with operational processes is essential for enhancing business strategies and work processes. Schlumberger's IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, and business process understanding to further organizational goals. The company's ability to provide data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access is critical in responding to changing business needs and directions. As a result, Schlumberger has delivered superior financial results by maintaining pretax operating margins well above 10% and delivering sufficient free cash flow to cover a range of strategic capital investments. The expected recovery in the international markets will proceed more slowly than in North America, leading to continued low rates of new project approvals and an accelerating production decline in the aging production base. These factors are increasing the likelihood of a significant supply deficit in the medium term, which can only be avoided by a broad-based global increase in E&P spending. Schlumberger's strategic management practices and investment decisions are focused on enhancing operational flexibility and ensuring that the firm can respond effectively to market dynamics and external influences.