The integration of certain acquisitions into our existing businesses combined with implementing our proven operating strategy has historically resulted in improvements of the financial performance of the acquired business. Our selective acquisition strategy has also contributed to the growth of our business. We believe that our diversified revenue base reduces our dependence on any particular product, platform or market channel and has been a significant factor in maintaining our financial performance. We attempt to obtain profitable new business by using our technical expertise and application skill and our detailed knowledge of our customer base and the individual niche markets in which we operate. We have regularly been successful in identifying and developing both aftermarket and OEM products to drive our growth. Our business strategy is made up of two key elements: a value-driven operating strategy focused around our three core value drivers and a selective acquisition strategy. We focus on the engineering, manufacturing and marketing of a broad range of highly engineered niche products that we believe provide value to our customers. This has generally enabled us to price our products to fairly reflect the value we provide and the resources required to do so. The aerospace industry, in particular, remains highly fragmented, with many of the companies in the industry being small private businesses or small non-core operations of larger businesses. We have significant experience among our management team in executing acquisitions and integrating acquired businesses into our company and culture. Our three core value drivers are obtaining profitable new business, improving our cost structure, and providing highly engineered value-added products to customers. The increase in the dollar amount of cost of sales during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due to increased volume associated with the sales from acquisitions and organic sales growth. The dollar amount of gross profit increased by $278.3 million, or 19.2%, for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 compared to the comparable period last year due to the application of our three core value-driven operating strategies. We believe we have achieved steady, long-term growth in sales and improvements in operating performance since our formation in 1993 due to our competitive strengths and through execution of our value-driven operating strategy. The company generated $668.9 million of net cash from operating activities during fiscal 2016 compared to $520.9 million during fiscal 2015, a net increase of $148.0 million. The increase is primarily attributable to a $139.2 million increase in income from operations. The company expects its capital expenditures in fiscal year 2017 to be between $85 million and $90 million. We continually evaluate our debt facilities to assess whether they most efficiently and effectively meet the current and future needs of our business. The company may need to refinance all or a portion of its indebtedness on or before maturity. Our future leverage will also be impacted by the then current conditions of the credit markets. The company has also had a higher volume of sales and trade accounts receivable with foreign jurisdictions, which historically have had longer collection periods. The change in trade accounts receivable during fiscal 2016 was a use of $80.1 million in cash compared to a use of cash of $25.4 million in fiscal 2015. The company generated $520.9 million of net cash from operating activities during fiscal 2015 compared to $541.2 million during fiscal 2014.