BB&T's business is dynamic and complex, leading management to annually evaluate and adjust the company's business strategy in the context of the current operating environment. This process considers the financial condition and performance of the company and expectations for future economic activity from both a national and local market perspective. Key challenges include intense competition within the financial services industry, new technologies and evolving consumer preferences that put pressure on market share and customer loyalty, and the cost and risk associated with regulatory reform and initiatives and IT projects. The company has made substantial investments in personnel, infrastructure, and other items in response to increased regulations. The integration of information technology systems is critical during mergers and acquisitions, as reflected in the systems conversion and related charges that represent costs to integrate the acquired entity's information technology systems. BB&T's risk management framework ensures that risks are understood and managed effectively, which is essential for achieving superior performance relative to peers. The company employs a strong risk culture that influences all associates in evaluating acceptable risks while making decisions that balance quality, profitability, and growth. BB&T's effective risk management framework enables it to achieve superior performance, ensuring that the bank is viewed among the safest of banks and assuring operational freedom to act on opportunities. The management of market risk is essential to achieving BB&T's strategic financial objectives, with a focus on minimizing adverse effects from changes in market risk factors on net interest income, net income, and capital. The company actively manages market risk associated with asset and liability portfolios, ensuring appropriate maturity mixes of assets and liabilities. BB&T's technology management includes the use of derivatives to manage economic risk related to securities, commercial loans, and other funding sources. The company also utilizes a number of complex information systems for various functions, and cybersecurity has gained prominence due to the increasing sophistication of cyber attacks. BB&T's cybersecurity framework includes internal training methods and third-party services to assess and supplement the company's cybersecurity needs. The management of information technology resources is crucial for supporting business needs and enhancing operational efficiency, as well as for ensuring compliance with regulatory requirements. BB&T's commitment to maintaining a strong capital position is reflected in its capital management processes, which ensure sufficient capital to absorb losses and maintain a highly capitalized position. The company’s strategic resource allocation and investment decisions are guided by its overarching goal of achieving optimal credit ratings and providing competitive returns to shareholders, while also focusing on organic growth and maintaining strong customer relationships.