The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes that appear elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K. We continue to enhance our vehicle offerings with all-wheel drive capability, autopilot options, internet connectivity, and free over-the-air software updates. Our production capability continued to scale and gain operational efficiencies. We expect that the demand for our vehicles will continue to increase as we improve our vehicles, expand our retail, service, and charging infrastructure, and develop new products. We expect to continue to lower the cost of manufacturing our vehicles over the next several quarters due to economies of scale, material cost reductions, and more efficient manufacturing. The decreasing trend in cost of manufacturing vehicles is expected to improve total automotive gross margin over time and mitigate some of the higher ramp-up costs associated with the launch of Model 3. We have achieved cost improvements through material cost reductions from both engineering and commercial actions and increased manufacturing efficiencies, including better inventory control over utilization and minimization of scrapping materials. In addition, we expect that the acquisition of Grohmann will further increase our production automation and efficiency. We are developing Gigafactory 1 as a facility where we work together with our suppliers to integrate production of battery material, cells, modules, and battery packs in one location for both vehicles and energy storage products. We continue to invest in construction of the building at Gigafactory and in production equipment for battery, module, and pack production. Panasonic has agreed to partner with us on Gigafactory 1 with investments in production equipment that it will use to manufacture and supply us with battery cells. We plan to purchase the full output from their production equipment located at Gigafactory 1 at negotiated prices. We continue to expand production capacity at our Fremont factory and are exploring additional production capacity in Asia and Europe. We believe that demand for our energy products will continue to increase. We plan to reduce customer acquisition costs by cutting advertising spend and increasingly selling solar products in Tesla stores. We expect to invest between $2.0 billion and $2.5 billion in capital expenditures ahead of the start of Model 3 production in 2017. Our capital expenditure needs include expenditures for the tooling, production equipment, and construction of the Model 3 production lines, equipment to support cell production at Gigafactory 1, as well as new retail locations, service centers, and supercharger locations. Our cash flows from operating activities are significantly affected by our cash investments to support the growth of our business in areas such as manufacturing, research and development, and selling, general and administrative. Our operating cash inflows include cash from sales and leases of our vehicles, customer deposits for vehicles, including Model 3, sales of regulatory credits, sales of powertrain components and systems, and energy generation and storage products. We expect that our current sources of liquidity, including cash and cash equivalents, together with our current projections of cash flow from operating activities, will provide us with adequate liquidity over at least the next 12 months based on our current plans. We continually evaluate our capital expenditure needs.