Through our diversified family of businesses, we leverage core competencies in advanced, enabling technology; health care data; information and intelligence; and clinical care management and coordination to help meet the demands of the health system. We work together with clinicians to leverage our data and analytics to provide the necessary information to close gaps in care and improve overall health outcomes for patients. This trend is creating needs for health management services that can coordinate care around the primary care physician, including new primary care channels, and for investments in new clinical and administrative information and management systems, which we believe provide growth opportunities for our Optum business platform. Our businesses participate in the United States, Brazilian, and certain other international health markets. The health care market continues to change based on demographic shifts, new regulations, political forces, and both payer and patient expectations. Health plans and care providers are being called upon to work together to close gaps in care and improve overall care quality, improve the health of populations, and reduce costs. We continue to see a greater number of people enrolled in plans with underlying incentive-based care provider payment models that reward high-quality, affordable care and foster collaboration. We have recognized in our financial results the impact of our estimated share of guaranty association assessments resulting from the liquidation of Penn Treaty Network America Insurance Company and its subsidiary, which will be funded over several years and affected by premium tax credits over time. We expect overall spending on health care to continue to grow in the future due to inflation, medical technology and pharmaceutical advancement, regulatory requirements, demographic trends in the population, and national interest in health and well-being. The rate of market growth may be affected by a variety of factors, including macro-economic conditions and regulatory changes, which have impacted and could further impact our results of operations. We frequently evaluate and adjust our approach in each of the local markets we serve, considering all relevant factors, such as product positioning, price competitiveness, and environmental, competitive, legislative, and regulatory considerations. Our review of regulatory considerations involves a focus on minimum MLR thresholds and the risk adjustment that impacts the small group and individual markets. We will continue seeking to balance growth and profitability across all of these dimensions. The ongoing pressure on Medicare Advantage funding places continued importance on effective medical management and ongoing improvements in administrative efficiency. We continue to dedicate substantial resources to advance our quality scores and star ratings to strengthen our local market programs and further improve our performance. We expect broad-based competition to continue as the industry adapts to individual and employer needs amid reform changes. Our contracts with value-based elements total nearly $53 billion in annual spending, which reflects our commitment to leveraging technology and data analytics to enhance operational efficiency and improve patient outcomes. The commercial risk market remains highly competitive in both the small group and large group segments, and we advocate for actuarially sound rates that are commensurate with our medical cost trends while remaining dedicated to partnering with those states that are committed to the long-term viability of their programs.