The continued deployment of technology improvements, including several facility automation projects and the accelerated deployment of our on-road integrated optimization and navigation system, should continue to increase our network capacity and improve operational efficiency, flexibility, and reliability. We have continued to undertake several initiatives to improve the flexibility and capacity in our transportation network, improve yield management, and increase operational efficiency and contain costs across all segments. The continued growth in e-commerce and omni-channel retail sales has driven package volume demand for residential products, with our products most aligned with business-to-consumer shipments experiencing the strongest growth. The deployment of technology has contained the growth of average daily vehicle miles driven and increased the redirect of surepost volume to optimize delivery density on UPS vehicles, which has reduced the delivery costs for business-to-consumer shipments. Our broad portfolio of product offerings and the flexibilities inherent in our transportation network have helped us adapt to changing trends. The adjustments made to exclude certain non-comparable items from our financial measures provide meaningful information to assist investors and analysts in understanding our financial results and assessing our prospects for future performance. We believe that these adjusted measures are important indicators of our recurring results of operations because they exclude items that may not be indicative of, or are unrelated to, our underlying operations results, and provide a useful baseline for analyzing trends in our underlying businesses. The continued deployment of technology has allowed us to better leverage our transportation network, leading to improved productivity and a lower cost per piece. The investments in technology and infrastructure have pressured distribution margins, but we continue to assess the impact of these uncertainties on our projected benefit obligations. The implementation of new internally developed capitalized software and technology upgrades on new vehicles has increased our operational capabilities. The potential obligation to pay coordinating benefits from the UPS/IBT plan is subject to a number of significant uncertainties, including actions that may be taken by the Central States Pension Fund, the federal government, or others. The changes to the delivery of healthcare benefits have allowed us to negotiate our contributions towards healthcare costs going forward, providing more certainty of costs over the contract period. Our investment in technology resources is expected to enhance our operational efficiency and support our business strategies. The ongoing transformation of our IT capabilities underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. The integration of technology into our operations has been critical in responding to market dynamics and enhancing our competitive positioning. The strategic alignment of our technology portfolio with our business needs has enabled us to improve our operational flexibility and market responsiveness. The effective management of our IT capabilities has become a key factor in transforming our firm into a competitive force, allowing us to adapt to environmental opportunities and challenges while optimizing our resource allocation and enhancing our overall firm performance.