Our company's goals are targeted at serving our customers, our employees, the environment, the communities in which we work, and our stockholders. We believe we are uniquely equipped to meet the challenges of the changing waste industry and our customers' waste management needs, both today and as we work together to envision and create a more sustainable future. Our fundamental strategy has not changed; we remain dedicated to providing long-term value to our stockholders by successfully executing our core strategy of focused differentiation and continuous improvement, with the current state of our strategy taking into account economic conditions, the regulatory environment, asset and resource availability, and current technology. We believe that focused differentiation in our industry, driven by capitalizing on our extensive, well-placed network of assets, will deliver profitable growth and competitive advantages. The combination of cost control, process improvement, and operational efficiency will deliver on the company's strategy of continuous improvement and yield an attractive total cost structure and enhanced service quality. We will continue to monitor emerging diversion technologies that may generate additional value and related market dynamics, with our current attention focused on improving existing diversion technologies, such as our recycling operations. Our commitment to executing on our strategies of disciplined profitable volume growth and controlling costs has driven impressive results and built a strong foundation to produce solid earnings and generate further growth. We experienced capital expenditure increases due to additional spending on new business opportunities and acquisitions, growth in our existing business, and asset replacement timing. The increase in our capital expenditures in both years is generally the result of these factors. We continue to focus on accretive acquisitions and growth opportunities that will enhance and expand our existing service offerings. Our operating expenses increased primarily due to incremental costs attributable to acquired businesses and increased landfill operating costs, while we experienced lower fuel costs due to lower year-over-year average fuel prices. We assess our long-lived assets for impairment as required under applicable accounting standards, and we monitor the carrying value of our long-lived assets for potential impairment on an ongoing basis. We provide for expenses associated with environmental remediation obligations when such amounts are probable and can be reasonably estimated, routinely reviewing and evaluating sites that require remediation. We recognize environmental remediation liabilities when we determine that the liability is probable and the estimated cost for the likely remedy can be reasonably estimated. Our operational strategies include a focus on improving the utilization of airspace through efforts that include optimizing the placement of daily cover materials and increasing initial compaction through improved landfill equipment, operations, and training. We continually monitor our actual and forecasted cash flows, our liquidity, and our capital resources, enabling us to plan for our present needs and fund unbudgeted business activities that may arise during the year as a result of changing business conditions or new opportunities. We have credit facilities in place to support our liquidity and financial assurance needs, and we utilize long-term borrowings in addition to cash generated from operations as part of our overall financial strategy to support and grow our business.