We focus on consistently attracting new business by providing highly reliable service to our customers and investing in growing markets, including the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, the Marcellus shale, the Gulf Coast region, and areas of increasing natural gas demand. Our ongoing strategy is to safely and reliably operate large-scale, interstate natural gas transmission and midstream infrastructures where our assets can be fully utilized and drive low per-unit costs. The primary service areas are concentrated in major producing basins, which include the Barnett, Eagle Ford, Haynesville, Marcellus, Niobrara, and Utica shale plays. Our business plan also includes previously discussed asset monetizations, which include our ownership interest in the Geismar olefins facility as well as other select assets that are not core to our strategy. The monetizations are expected to yield after-tax proceeds of greater than $2.0 billion. We expect to increase our dividend to $0.30 per share, or $1.20 annually, beginning in the first quarter of 2017. Our growth capital and investment expenditures in 2017 are expected to total $2.1 billion to $2.8 billion. Approximately $1.4 billion to $1.9 billion of our growth capital funding needs include Transco expansions and other interstate pipeline growth projects, most of which are fully contracted with firm transportation agreements. The remaining growth capital spending in 2017 primarily reflects investment in gathering and processing systems in the Northeast region limited primarily to known new producer volumes, including volumes that support Transco expansion projects. Fee-based businesses are becoming an even more significant component of our portfolio and serve to reduce the influence of commodity price fluctuations on our operating results and cash flows. We anticipate our more significant uses of cash to be working capital requirements, maintenance and expansion capital and investment expenditures, interest on our long-term debt, repayment of current debt maturities, and additional reductions in WPZ's debt with funds received as part of the financial repositioning. Our ability to borrow money is impacted by our credit ratings and the credit ratings of WPZ. We seek to maintain a strong financial position and liquidity, as well as manage a diversified portfolio of energy infrastructure assets which continue to serve key growth markets and supply basins in the United States. Our operations have historically not been materially affected by inflation. We are monitoring these sites in a coordinated effort with other potentially responsible parties, the EPA, or other governmental authorities. We are jointly and severally liable along with unrelated third parties in some of these activities and solely responsible in others. Our expected long-term rates of return on plan assets are based on the average rate of return expected on the funds invested in the plans. We develop our expectations using input from our third-party independent investment consultant. The forward-looking capital market projections start with current conditions of interest rates, equity pricing, economic growth, and inflation and those are overlaid with forward-looking projections of normal inflation, growth, and interest rates to determine expected returns. We believe that accomplishing these goals will position us to deliver safe and reliable service to our customers and an attractive return to our shareholders.