The discussion in our MD&A and elsewhere in this Form 10-K contains trend analyses and other forward-looking statements regarding our business strategies, including the effectiveness of our efforts to successfully manage transitions to new business models and markets, our expectations regarding the continued transition of our business model, and the impact of economic volatility and geopolitical activities. We believe our industry is undergoing a transition from personal computers to cloud, mobile, and social computing, which necessitates an acceleration of our move to the cloud and mobile devices. Our cloud service offerings provide tools to help streamline design, collaboration, and data management processes, reflecting our commitment to improving product functionality and expanding our offerings through internal development and acquisitions. As part of our transition, we have discontinued selling new perpetual licenses of most individual software products and introduced industry collections that simplify customer access to a complete set of tools. Our strategy includes leveraging our large global network of distributors, resellers, third-party developers, and educational institutions to enhance our market positioning and customer relationships. We maintain an open-architecture design of our software products to facilitate third-party development, which enables customers to customize solutions for specific uses. Our commitment to innovation is further exemplified by programs such as Autodesk Spark and Autodesk Forge, which support advancements in 3D printing and the development of a connected ecosystem for design and manufacturing. The transition to a subscription model has required us to reassess how we allocate resources and evaluate financial performance, emphasizing metrics such as annualized recurring revenue and growth of subscriptions to better reflect business momentum. We anticipate that our indirect channel will continue to support the majority of our revenue as we move beyond the business model transition, and we employ various incentive programs to align our channels with our business strategies. Our significant investments in research and development, including increased IT costs allocated to these efforts, reflect our focus on enhancing our technology capabilities and operational efficiency. The business model transition has impacted revenue recognition, as more revenue is recognized ratably rather than upfront, which is particularly relevant in emerging economies where sales of perpetual licenses have historically comprised a greater percentage of total sales. We continually review our assumptions and estimates regarding revenue recognition and resource allocation, as these decisions are critical to our operational and financial performance. Our strategy depends upon making technology available to mainstream markets, improving product performance and functionality, and adequately protecting our intellectual property. The ability to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources effectively has become key in transforming our firm into a competitive force, underscoring the importance of integrating technology with our business strategies and operational processes.