In our corporate segment, acquisition integration costs include costs related to on-boarding employees, communication system conversion costs, related performance compensation, redundant workforce, extra lease space, duplicate services and external costs incurred to assimilate the acquired businesses with our IT related systems. The increase in operating expense in 2016 compared to 2015 was due primarily to increases in technology expenses, which reflect the impact of purchases of furniture, equipment and leasehold improvements related to office expansions and moves, and expenditures related to upgrading computer systems. We believe that our cash flows from operations and borrowings under our credit agreement will provide us with adequate resources to meet our liquidity needs in the foreseeable future. The brokerage segment accounted for 63% of our revenue in 2016, with our retail brokerage operations negotiating and placing property/casualty, employer-provided health and welfare insurance and retirement solutions, principally for middle-market commercial, industrial, public entity, religious and not-for-profit entities. Our wholesale brokerage operations assist our brokers and other unaffiliated brokers and agents in the placement of specialized, unique and hard-to-place insurance programs. Our primary sources of compensation for our retail brokerage services are commissions paid by insurance companies, which are usually based upon a percentage of the premium paid by insureds, and brokerage and advisory fees paid directly by our clients. The increase in compensation expense in 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily due to an increase in the average number of employees, salary increases, one-time compensation payments and increases in incentive compensation linked to our overall operating results. The increase in employee headcount in 2016 compared to 2015 primarily relates to the addition of employees associated with the acquisitions that we completed in 2016 and new production hires. We expect total expenditures for capital improvements to be approximately $135.0 million, part of which is related to expenditures on our new corporate headquarters building, office moves and expansions, and updating computer systems and equipment. We anticipate that these investments will continue to generate positive net cash flows for the period 2017 through at least 2021. Our clean energy investments are capable of producing refined coal that we believe qualifies for tax credits under IRC section 45. The law that provides for IRC section 45 tax credits substantially expires in December 2019 for our fourteen 2009 era plants and in December 2021 for our twenty 2011 era plants. We have made significant investments in clean energy operations capable of producing refined coal that we believe qualifies for tax credits under IRC section 45. The production and sale of refined coal at these plants are qualified to receive refined coal tax credits under IRC section 45. We believe that one of our major strengths is our ability to deliver comprehensively structured insurance and risk management services to our clients. Our brokers, agents and administrators act as intermediaries between insurers and our customers, and we do not assume net underwriting risks. We are engaged in providing insurance brokerage and third-party property/casualty claims settlement and administration services to entities in the U.S. and abroad. The insurance brokerage industry is not capital intensive, and historically, our capital requirements have primarily included dividend payments on our common stock, repurchases of our common stock, funding of our investments, acquisitions of brokerage and risk management operations, and capital expenditures. We believe that our history of strong new business generation, solid retentions, and enhanced value-added services for our carrier partners should all result in further organic growth opportunities around the world.