Applied's strategic priorities include developing products that help solve customers' challenges at technology inflections, expanding its served market opportunities in the semiconductor and display industries, and growing its services business. Mobility and the increasing technological functionality of mobile devices continue to be a strong driver of semiconductor industry spending. Applied's future operating results depend to a considerable extent on its ability to maintain a competitive advantage in the equipment and service products it provides. Development efforts are focused on solving customers' key technical challenges in transistor, interconnect, patterning, and packaging performance as devices scale to advanced technology nodes. Applied's investments in technology to allow access to new market opportunities or emerging technologies are critical to the firm's operational flexibility and responsiveness to market dynamics. Management believes that it is critical to continue to make substantial investments in research, development, and engineering (RD&E) to assure the availability of innovative technology that meets the current and projected requirements of its customers' most advanced designs. Applied has maintained and intends to continue its commitment to investing in RD&E in order to continue to offer new products and technologies. The mobility trend remains the largest influence on industry spending, as it drives semiconductor device manufacturers to continually improve their ability to deliver high-performance, low-power processors and affordable memories. Applied's investments in etch were focused on supporting the adoption of the producer® selectratm etch system, an extreme selectivity etch tool for enabling continued scaling of 3D logic and memory chips. The investment in e-beam inspection was in support of the provisiontm system, which helps achieve higher yields at advanced nodes by detecting the most challenging defects and monitoring process marginality. Applied's investments in materials engineering solutions to improve transistor performance by lowering the contact resistance between the transistor and interconnect wiring illustrate the firm's capability to leverage technology resources effectively. The display and adjacent markets segment is focused on expanding its presence through technologically differentiated equipment for manufacturing large-scale TVs and development of products that provide customers with improved performance and yields. Display and adjacent markets industry growth depends primarily on consumer demand for increasingly larger and more advanced TVs as well as larger and higher resolution displays for next-generation mobile devices, including OLED. Applied's results of operations indicate that new orders for fiscal 2016 increased across all segments compared to the prior year, primarily due to higher demand for display and semiconductor equipment. The increase in new orders and net sales in fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014 primarily reflected increased demand and spending from memory customers, partially offset by lower demand and spending from foundry customers. Applied's ability to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities has become a key factor in transforming the firm into a competitive force. The company's IT governance and management capabilities are essential for supporting business needs and enhancing operational efficiency. Applied's organizational capabilities and strategic resource allocation are critical in navigating market restructuring and responding to environmental factors affecting business performance.