The preparation of our financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenues and expenses and the related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of our financial statements. Our ability to lease additional space on our sites is primarily a function of the rate at which wireless carriers deploy capital to improve and expand their wireless networks. This rate, in turn, is influenced by the growth of wireless services, the penetration of advanced wireless devices, the financial performance of our tenants and their access to capital and general economic conditions. We believe that our site leasing revenue is likely to increase due to the growing use of wireless services and our ability to meet the corresponding incremental demand for our wireless real estate. Our established tenant base provides us with new business opportunities, which have historically resulted in consistent and predictable organic revenue growth as wireless carriers seek to increase the coverage and capacity of their existing networks, while also deploying next generation wireless technologies. We have focused on building relationships with large multinational carriers such as Airtel, Telefónica S.A. and Vodafone Group PLC. Our ability to generate cash flow from operating activities depends upon the demand for our communications sites and our related services and our ability to increase the utilization of our existing communications sites. The primary factors affecting the revenue growth in our property segments are new revenue attributable to leases in place on day one on sites acquired or constructed since the beginning of the prior-year period, new revenue attributable to leasing additional space on our sites and revenue growth from other items, including additional tenant payments to cover costs. The revenues generated by our property operations may be affected by cancellations of existing tenant leases. We continue to evaluate opportunities to acquire communications real estate portfolios, both domestically and internationally, to determine whether they meet our risk-adjusted hurdle rates and whether we believe we can effectively integrate them into our existing portfolio. Our ability to effectively support business needs has become a key in transforming a firm into a competitive force. We report our results in five segments: U.S. property, Asia property, EMEA property, Latin America property and services. Our profit margin growth is positively impacted by the addition of new tenants to our sites but can be temporarily diluted by our development activities. The increase in our operating profit was primarily attributable to an increase in our segment gross margin. We believe that consistent carrier investments in their networks across our international markets position us to generate meaningful organic revenue growth going forward. Our significant investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2016 include spending for the acquisition of communications sites and capital expenditures, which are essential for maintaining operational efficiency and supporting our growth strategy. We expect that our 2017 total capital expenditures will be between $800 million and $900 million, which includes the construction of communications sites globally. Our liquidity depends upon our ability to generate cash flow from operating activities, borrow funds under our credit facilities and maintain compliance with the contractual agreements governing our indebtedness. The loan agreements for our credit facilities contain certain financial and operating covenants and other restrictions applicable to us and our subsidiaries that are not designated as unrestricted subsidiaries on a consolidated basis.