We are a leading supplier of cloud networking solutions that use software innovations to address the needs of large-scale internet companies, cloud service providers, and next-generation data centers for enterprise support. Our cloud networking solutions deliver industry-leading performance, scalability, availability, programmability, automation, and visibility. The programmability of our extensible operating system, or EOS, has allowed us to create a set of software applications that address the requirements of cloud networking, including workflow automation, network visibility, and analytics, and has also allowed us to rapidly integrate with a wide range of third-party applications for virtualization, management, automation, orchestration, and network services. Our revenue growth has been driven by increased shipments to existing customers, who continue to grow and expand their businesses, increasing their demand for our products and related accessories. We believe that our cloud networking platform addresses the large and growing cloud networking segment of data center switching, which remains in the early stage of adoption. We intend to continue investing in our research and development organization to enhance the functionality of our existing cloud networking platform, introduce new products and features, and build upon our technology leadership. Our development model is focused on the development of new products based on our EOS software and enhancements to EOS. We expect to continue to derive a growing portion of our sales through our channel partners as they develop new end customers and expand sales to our existing end customers. We plan to continue to invest in our network of channel partners to enable them to reach new end customers more effectively, increase sales to existing customers, and provide services and support effectively. Our research and development expenses consist primarily of personnel costs, with the remainder being prototype expenses, third-party engineering and contractor support costs, and an allocated portion of facility and IT costs and depreciation. Our research and development efforts are focused on maintaining and developing additional functionality for our existing products and on new product development, including new releases and upgrades to our EOS software and applications. We expect our research and development expenses to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest heavily in software development in order to expand the capabilities of our cloud networking platform. The increase in personnel costs is driven by headcount growth, which has resulted in an increase in compensation, including stock-based compensation and corporate bonus expense. Our sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of personnel costs and also include costs related to marketing and promotional activities, with the remainder being an allocated portion of facility and IT costs and depreciation. We expect our sales and marketing expenses to increase in absolute dollars as we expand our sales and marketing efforts worldwide and expand our relationships with current and future channel partners and end customers. The increase in sales and marketing expenses reflects increased compensation costs, including sales incentive compensation and corporate bonus expense, primarily driven by headcount growth and higher sales volumes. We believe that customer references have been, and will continue to be, an important factor in winning new business. Our results of operations will depend on our ability to continue to add new customers and sell additional products to our growing base of customers. We believe that the cloud networking market is still in the early stages of adoption and we intend to target new end customers by continuing to invest in our field sales force and extending our relationships with channel, technology, and system-level partners.