Our core goal is to have every officer in the world carry a taser, deploy an axon camera and be connected to the axon network. We have created relationships with over 20,000 public safety agencies around the world. The real opportunity is to leverage this connected platform to enable a broad suite of mobile, wearable, and data management capabilities to bring modern information technology capabilities to every law enforcement officer. Our technologies will not only allow our customers to spend more time on public safety work, but will allow for a capture to courtroom workflow of information. The ability to share files with prosecutors during discovery while maintaining a complete chain of custody and ensuring all evidence remains encrypted will provide a cohesive ecosystem that will deliver increased value to all stakeholders in the public safety and judicial communities. We are continuously seeking to develop new features such as secure sharing, audit trails, integration of other data sources, transcription and redaction services, among others. These feature sets are designed to provide the customers we serve with valuable tools to police more efficiently and effectively while enabling greater transparency with the communities in which they serve. The company launched a new artificial intelligence group called "axon ai" aimed at improving the accuracy, efficiency and speed of processing images and video to enable customers to gain more insight from video, photos and audio. This acquisition will give customers the ability to quickly isolate and analyze the most important aspects of footage from large amounts of video data. The company has also introduced upgrade programs to incentivize agencies to replace older cews with the company's new smart weapons. The increase in net sales was driven by the continued adoption of the axon on-officer cameras and evidence.com application in the law enforcement markets. The company remained focused on growing the axon segment as it added headcount and external resources to develop new products and services to further advance its scalable cloud-connected device platform. The increase in sales and marketing expenses in the axon segment was primarily attributable to increased commissions on higher sales and increased marketing efforts for axon technologies. The company also invested in the purchase of property and equipment and intangibles, net of proceeds related to disposals. The increase in cost of products sold and services delivered was driven by continued growth, increased data storage costs as more agencies utilize evidence.com, as well as increased costs for our professional services team. The company expects to see increases in sg&a in 2017 compared to 2016 as it plans to make additional investments in customer-facing positions both domestically and internationally along with increased investments in sales and marketing. The company has been closely monitoring actual returns and will adjust its estimates in subsequent periods, accordingly. The company has also historically granted stock-based compensation to key employees and non-employee directors as a means of attracting and retaining highly qualified personnel. The increase for 2016 compared to 2015 is primarily driven by additional headcount as the company continued to invest in the development of new cew related technologies. The company is subject to the possibility of various loss contingencies including product-related litigation, arising in the ordinary course of business. The company recognizes federal, state and foreign current tax liabilities or assets based on its estimate of taxes payable or refundable in the current fiscal year by tax jurisdiction. The company believes funds generated from its expected results of operations, as well as available cash and investments, will be sufficient to finance its operations and strategic initiatives for 2017 and the foreseeable future.