In a challenging economic, competitive, and regulatory environment, we remain focused on our key priorities of accelerating revenue growth, optimizing investments, and resetting our cost base. We made a record level of business-building investments during 2016 and continued to leverage our strong capital position to return capital to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. Throughout our business, we are focused on those products, services, and relationships that offer the best value to our customers while also providing appropriate returns to our business and shareholders. Competition remains intense across our businesses, and to remain competitive, we need to continue to demonstrate the differentiated value we deliver to merchants, customers, and business partners in all aspects of our relationships. Our ability to grow in the future will depend in part on revenues growing consistently with current expectations, which could be impacted by weakening economic conditions, a decline in consumer confidence, and our success in addressing competitive pressures and implementing strategies and business initiatives. We expect that some modest, gradual upward pressure on our delinquency and write-off rates will cause provisions to grow faster than loans in 2017. We are committed to optimizing our investments and controlling expenses to fund growth initiatives, which includes developing and implementing technology resources to realize cost savings. Our marketing and promotion expenses increased significantly due to higher levels of spending on growth initiatives. We anticipate spending less on marketing and promotion in 2017, while rewards expenses should continue to grow due to higher billings and enhancements to our card product value propositions. Our business model requires a strong focus on technology capabilities to support our operational efficiency and strategic resource allocation. The management reporting process allocates revenue and expense using various methodologies, including technology costs allocated to each segment based on support service activities directly attributable to the segment. Our enterprise-wide risk management program defines our risk appetite, governance, culture, and capabilities, which are essential for managing operational risks associated with technology deployment and information systems. We have implemented an information security program designed to protect information and information systems from unauthorized access and disruption. The operational risk management committee coordinates with all control groups on effective risk assessments and controls, overseeing preventive, responsive, and mitigation efforts. Our comprehensive operational risk framework is designed to identify, measure, monitor, and report inherent and emerging operational risks, including those related to technology management and data governance. We are also focused on maintaining access to a diverse set of funding sources to finance our assets and meet operating requirements, which is critical for sustaining our technology infrastructure and supporting our business transformation efforts. The relationship of the U.S. dollar to various foreign currencies has impacted our results of operations, and we provide foreign currency-adjusted amounts to facilitate comparisons of our performance. Our liquidity risk management strategy includes maintaining diversified funding sources and ensuring compliance with regulatory requirements. Our capital strategy aims to retain sufficient levels of capital generated through earnings to support future business growth, which is essential for enhancing our IT capabilities and overall organizational effectiveness.