During fiscal 2016, we continued the implementation of more frequent deliveries from our distribution centers to additional domestic stores and the execution of our mega hub strategy. We believe that as the number of miles driven increases, consumers' vehicles are more likely to need service and maintenance, resulting in an increase in the need for automotive hard parts and maintenance items. Our primary capital requirement has been the funding of our continued new-location development program. We expect to continue investing in technology, supply chain infrastructure, and enhancements to existing locations. In recent years, we initiated a variety of strategic tests focused on increasing inventory availability, which increased our inventory per location. Many of our vendors have supported our initiative to update our product assortments by providing extended payment terms. Our investments are expected to be directed primarily to new locations, supply chain infrastructure, enhancements to existing locations, and investments in technology. We plan to continue leveraging our inventory purchases; however, our ability to do so may be limited by our vendors' capacity to factor their receivables from us. Our business is impacted by various factors within the economy that affect both our consumer and our industry, including but not limited to fuel costs, unemployment rates, and other economic conditions. We believe reduced gas prices gave our customers additional disposable income. Given the unpredictability of gas prices, we cannot predict whether gas prices will increase or decrease, nor can we predict how any future changes in gas prices will impact our sales in future periods. We have not experienced any fundamental shifts in our category sales mix as compared to previous years, but we did experience a slight increase in the mix of sales of the failure and discretionary categories as compared to last year. The improvement in these sales categories was driven by our primary response to fluctuations in the demand for the products we sell, which is to adjust our advertising message, store staffing, and product assortment. Our experience is that at this point in a vehicle's life, most vehicles are not covered by warranties, and increased maintenance is needed to keep the vehicle operating. We believe the improvement in gross margin was attributable to lower acquisition costs, partially offset by higher supply chain costs associated with current year inventory initiatives. We anticipate that we will be able to obtain financing in view of our credit ratings and favorable experiences in the debt markets in the past. Our cash balances are held in various locations around the world, and we intend to continue to permanently reinvest the cash held outside of the U.S. in our foreign operations. We utilize various methods, including analyses of historical trends and actuarial methods, to estimate the cost to settle reported claims and claims incurred but not yet reported. We believe our estimates to be reasonable and have not experienced material adjustments to our reserves in the previous three years; however, actual results could differ from our estimates, and we may be exposed to gains or losses that could be material. We target our debt levels to a ratio of adjusted debt to EBITDAR in order to maintain our investment-grade credit ratings. We believe this is important information for the management of our debt levels.