We focus on producing the products and providing the services that the market demands and we price our products and services to provide a fair return for our shareholders while continuing to find new ways to improve efficiency and quality. Our strategy is centered on successful execution in healthy core businesses - commercial airplanes and defense, space & security - supplemented and supported by Boeing Capital. We expect Boeing Global Services to enhance our capability-driven solutions to customers at reduced costs. Our strategy also benefits us as the cyclicality of commercial and defense markets sometimes offset. The commercial jet airplane market and the airline industry remain extremely competitive, with market liberalization enabling low-cost airlines to gain market share, increasing pressure on airfares and resulting in continued cost pressures for all airlines and price pressure on our products. Major productivity gains are essential to ensure a favorable market position at acceptable profit margins. Continued access to global markets remains vital to our ability to fully realize our sales potential and long-term investment returns. We continue to leverage our extensive customer support services network which includes aviation support, spare parts, training, maintenance documents, and technical advice for airlines throughout the world. This enables us to provide a high level of customer satisfaction and productivity, enhancing our ability to pursue pricing strategies that enable us to price competitively. The development and ongoing production of commercial aircraft is extremely complex, involving extensive coordination and integration with suppliers and highly-skilled labor from thousands of employees and other partners. Meeting or exceeding our performance and reliability standards, as well as those of customers and regulators, can be costly and technologically challenging. Our ability to deliver aircraft on time, satisfy performance and reliability standards, and achieve or maintain program profitability is subject to significant risks. Factors that could result in lower margins include changes to the program accounting quantity, customer and model mix, production costs and rates, changes to price escalation factors, performance or reliability issues involving completed aircraft, and capital expenditures. We are continuing to monitor wide-body demand and if sufficient orders do not materialize during the next several quarters, we may consider appropriate adjustments to the planned production rate increase. We continue to implement mitigation plans and cost-reduction efforts to improve program profitability and address program risks. We have substantial borrowing capacity, and any future borrowings may affect our credit ratings and are subject to various debt covenants. We anticipate that we will not be required to fund a significant portion of our financing commitments as we continue to work with third-party financiers to provide alternative financing to customers. Our bds business includes a variety of development programs which have complex design and technical challenges, and many of these programs have cost-type contracting arrangements. The technical complexity of these programs creates financial risk as additional completion costs may become necessary or scheduled delivery dates could be extended. We believe the cost and fee estimates incorporated in the financial statements are appropriate, but changes in underlying assumptions or circumstances may adversely or positively affect financial performance in future periods.