Through our subsidiaries, we engage in a number of diverse business activities. Our management views insurance businesses as possessing two distinct operations—underwriting and investing. Our insurance and reinsurance businesses are Geico, General Re, Berkshire Hathaway Reinsurance Group ("BHRG") and Berkshire Hathaway Primary Group. We strive to generate underwriting profits in essentially all of our product lines. Our management does not evaluate underwriting performance based upon market share and our underwriters are instructed to reject inadequately priced risks. The timing and amount of catastrophe losses can produce significant volatility in our periodic underwriting results, particularly with respect to BHRG and General Re. Our periodic underwriting results may also include significant foreign currency transaction gains and losses arising from the changes in the valuation of non-U.S. dollar denominated reinsurance liabilities of our U.S. based insurance subsidiaries as a result of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. Our insurance businesses generated after-tax earnings from underwriting of $1.4 billion in 2016, an increase of $208 million from 2015, primarily due to increased earnings from Berkshire Hathaway Reinsurance Group and General Re, partly offset by lower net underwriting gains from primary insurance. Our insurance businesses generated after-tax earnings from underwriting of $1.2 billion in 2015, a decline of $530 million from 2014, which reflected rising claim costs at Geico and lower earnings from our reinsurers, partially offset by increased earnings from our other primary insurance operations. The increase in after-tax earnings in 2016 as compared to 2015 of our manufacturing, service and retailing businesses was primarily due to earnings from PCC, partly offset by comparatively lower overall earnings from the other businesses within this group. Our management views insurance businesses as possessing two distinct operations—underwriting and investing. The underwriting decisions are the responsibility of the unit managers; investing decisions, with limited exceptions, are the responsibility of Berkshire's Chairman and CEO, Warren E. Buffett. Accordingly, we evaluate performance of underwriting operations without any allocation of investment income or investment gains/losses. We continue to decline business when we believe prices are inadequate. However, we remain prepared to write substantially more business when appropriate prices can be attained. Our property/casualty business produced pre-tax underwriting gains of $117 million in 2016 and $150 million in 2015. Our management views insurance businesses as possessing two distinct operations—underwriting and investing. We believe that investment and derivative gains/losses are often meaningless in terms of understanding our reported results or evaluating our economic performance. Investment and derivative gains and losses have caused and will likely continue to cause significant volatility in our periodic earnings. Our management views insurance businesses as possessing two distinct operations—underwriting and investing. We strive to generate underwriting profits in essentially all of our product lines. Our management does not evaluate underwriting performance based upon market share and our underwriters are instructed to reject inadequately priced risks. Our insurance and reinsurance businesses are Geico, General Re, Berkshire Hathaway Reinsurance Group ("BHRG") and Berkshire Hathaway Primary Group. We engage in both primary insurance and reinsurance of property/casualty, life and health risks. Our management views insurance businesses as possessing two distinct operations—underwriting and investing. We strive to generate underwriting profits in essentially all of our product lines.