Our business serves customers that are driven by end-user demand for electronics systems, integrated circuits and devices that are smaller, use less power and provide more functionality. We must keep pace with our customers' technical developments, satisfy industry standards and meet our customers' increasingly demanding performance, productivity, quality and predictability requirements. We offer innovative solutions to help our customers meet these demands and our future performance depends on our ability to innovate, commercialize newly developed solutions and enhance and maintain our current products. We have identified certain items that management uses as performance indicators to manage our business, including revenue, certain elements of operating expenses and cash flow from operations. Our ability to maintain this mix in any single fiscal period may be impacted primarily by delivery of hardware and IP products. Competitiveness of our technology is a key factor in contract renewals with existing customers and additional sales to existing customers. Product and maintenance revenue increased during fiscal 2016, primarily because of an increase in revenue from our Palladium Z1 enterprise emulation system and our digital IC product offerings. Our ability to maintain operational flexibility is influenced by the demand for our services, emulation hardware and IP offerings. Digital IC design and signoff has been a significant focus area, with revenue from software and IP licenses recognized on a recurring basis over the term of the arrangement. Our cash flows from operating activities are significantly influenced by business levels and the payment terms set forth in our customer agreements. The increase in cash flows from operating activities during fiscal 2016 was primarily due to the timing of cash receipts from customers and disbursements made to vendors. We expect to continue our investing activities, including purchasing property, plant and equipment, purchasing intangible assets, business combinations, purchasing software licenses, and making long-term equity investments. We have initiated various restructuring plans in recent years to better align our resources with our business strategy. Our future financial performance is difficult to predict with any degree of certainty, and additional actions, including further restructuring of our operations, may be required in the future. We recognize lower expenses in periods when the United States dollar strengthens in value against other currencies. The allocation of the purchase price requires us to make significant estimates in determining the fair values of these acquired assets and assumed liabilities, especially with respect to intangible assets and goodwill. We exercise significant judgment to evaluate the relevant facts and circumstances in determining whether the separate contracts should be accounted for individually as distinct arrangements or whether the separate contracts are, in substance, a multiple element arrangement. Our judgments about whether a group of contracts is a multiple element arrangement can affect the timing of revenue recognition under those contracts. We are currently performing analyses to determine the standalone selling price for each of the performance obligations that have been identified. The new accounting standard will require disclosure of the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. We anticipate adopting the new standard using the cumulative catch-up transition method. Our future effective tax rates may be materially impacted by tax amounts associated with our foreign earnings at rates different from the United States federal statutory rate, research credits, and changes in tax law. We expect that current cash, cash equivalents and short-term investment balances, cash flows generated from operations and cash borrowings available under our revolving credit facility will be sufficient to meet our domestic and international working capital needs, and other capital and liquidity requirements, including acquisitions and share repurchases for at least the next 12 months.