We believe that this product set combined with improved customer service, as we insource our workforce in our call centers and in our field operations, has led to lower customer churn and longer customer lifetimes. We will focus on deploying superior products and service with minimal service disruptions as we integrate our information technology and network operations. Our corporate organization, as well as our marketing, sales and product development departments, are now centralized. Over a multi-year period, legacy TWC and legacy Bright House customer care centers will migrate to legacy Charter's model of using segmented, virtualized, U.S.-based in-house call centers. We expect customer and financial results to trend similar to legacy Charter following the implementation of the legacy Charter operating strategies across the legacy TWC and legacy Bright House markets. We incurred the following transition costs in connection with the transactions. Capital expenditures included in transition operating expenses and transition capital expenditures represent incremental costs incurred to integrate the legacy TWC and legacy Bright House operations and to bring the three companies' systems and processes into a uniform operating structure. We have a history of net losses. Our net losses were principally attributable to insufficient revenue to cover the combination of operating expenses, interest expenses that we incur on our debt, depreciation expenses resulting from the capital investments we have made, and continue to make, in our cable properties, amortization expenses related to our customer relationship intangibles and higher non-cash income tax expense. We will incur significant increases in interest expense and depreciation and amortization as a result of the transactions and will incur restructuring and transition costs for at least one to two years. The increase in corporate costs relates primarily to increases in the number of employees including increases in engineering and IT. We expect pro forma programming expenses will continue to increase due to a variety of factors, including annual increases imposed by programmers with additional selling power as a result of media consolidation, increased demands by owners of broadcast stations for payment for retransmission consent or linking carriage of other services to retransmission consent, and additional programming, particularly new services. We have been unable to fully pass these increases on to our customers nor do we expect to be able to do so in the future without a potential loss of customers. The increase in merger and restructuring costs is primarily due to approximately $262 million of legacy Charter and legacy TWC contingent financing and advisory transaction fees paid at the closing of the transactions as well as approximately $642 million of employee retention and employee termination costs incurred during 2016. We believe we have sufficient liquidity from cash on hand, free cash flow and Charter operating's revolving credit facility as well as access to the capital markets to fund our projected cash needs. We continue to evaluate the deployment of our cash on hand and anticipated future free cash flow including to invest in our business growth and other strategic opportunities, including mergers and acquisitions as well as stock repurchases and dividends. Our capital expenditures are funded primarily from cash flows from operating activities and borrowings on our credit facility. The actual amount of our capital expenditures in 2017 will depend on a number of factors, including the pace of transition planning to service a larger customer base as a result of the transactions, our all-digital transition in the legacy TWC and legacy Bright House markets and growth rates of both our residential and commercial businesses. We expect to utilize free cash flow, cash on hand and availability under our credit facilities as well as future refinancing transactions to further extend the maturities of or reduce the principal on our obligations.