The company seeks to deliver strong, consistent business results and superior shareholder returns by providing consumers globally with products that make their lives healthier and more enjoyable. To achieve its business and financial objectives, the company focuses the organization on initiatives to drive and fund growth, capturing significant opportunities for growth by identifying and meeting consumer needs within its core categories through its focus on innovation and the deployment of valuable consumer and shopper insights in the development of successful new products regionally, which are then rolled out on a global basis. The company has strengthened its capabilities in e-commerce, developing its relationships with online-only retailers and its digital marketing capabilities. The investments needed to support growth are developed through continuous, company-wide initiatives to lower costs and increase effective asset utilization. The company seeks to become even more effective and efficient throughout its businesses through these initiatives, which encompass a wide range of projects, including raw material substitution, reduction of packaging materials, consolidating suppliers to leverage volumes, and increasing manufacturing efficiency through SKU reductions and formulation simplification. The 2012 restructuring program is expected to produce significant benefits in the company's long-term business performance, with major objectives including becoming stronger on the ground through the continued evolution and expansion of proven global and regional commercial capabilities, simplifying and standardizing how work gets done by increasing technology-enabled collaboration, and optimizing global supply chain and facilities for greater efficiency and speed to bring innovation to market. The company also emphasizes the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. The company's strategic initiatives focus on engaging to build brands, innovation for growth, effectiveness and efficiency, and leading to win, positioning the company well to increase shareholder value over the long term. The company monitors a variety of key indicators to assess business health and performance, including market share, net sales, organic sales growth, and gross profit margin, which are critical for optimizing the management of working capital and capital expenditures. The company believes it is well prepared to meet challenges due to its strong financial condition and experience operating in challenging environments. The emergence of new sales channels, such as e-commerce, may affect consumer preferences and market dynamics, necessitating agility in market response and strategic resource allocation. The company’s focus on innovation and technology integration is essential for maintaining competitive advantage and operational efficiency in a rapidly evolving business environment.