As of December 31, 2016, we expect to incur capital expenditures of about $224 million in 2017, of which the remainder primarily relates to restaurant reinvestments, information technology and infrastructure initiatives, and other corporate expenses. We believe that cash from operations, together with our cash and investment balances, will be enough to meet ongoing capital expenditures, working capital requirements and other cash needs for the foreseeable future. Our total capital expenditures for 2016 were $258.8 million, and we spent on average about $880,000 in development and construction costs per restaurant, or about $790,000 net of landlord reimbursements of $90,000. For new restaurants to be opened in 2017, we anticipate average development costs will decrease due to cost savings initiatives. Additionally, we have implemented enhanced food safety procedures in our supply chain and restaurants that have increased our food costs as a percentage of revenue. We expect food, beverage and packaging costs to decrease as a percent of revenue due to relief in avocado prices and more efficient food management. We are targeting comparable restaurant sales increases in the high single digits for the full year 2017 based on our plans to attract more customers with a variety of marketing activities and improvements to our digital ordering platforms, and by improving the quality of the customer experience we provide in our restaurants. Our focus during 2017 is to return to sales and profitability growth and restore our restaurant economic model. We have a renewed focus on ensuring that every guest in every one of our restaurants is provided with an excellent customer experience. We expect to realize cost efficiencies in the development of our restaurants in 2017 by simplifying our restaurant design and choosing real estate sites that can more easily and cost-efficiently be converted into Chipotle restaurants. Our marketing and promotional spend aimed at regaining our customers contributed significantly to the increase in operating costs. We also believe that other operating expenses will decline compared to 2016 as we reduce marketing and promotional spend as a percent of revenue from the elevated levels of 2016, although we still plan for these expenses in 2017 to be above historical levels. The increase in general and administrative expenses in dollar terms for 2016 primarily resulted from increased legal expense, higher payroll costs as we grew, and expenses associated with our biennial all managers' conference held during 2016. The expected increase in stock-based compensation is primarily a result of lower expense in 2016 due to an expense reversal for performance-based stock awards that did not vest, as well as higher expense in 2017 due to a planned retention award for non-executive employees and broadening the group of non-executive employees eligible for awards. We have entered into an agreement with a broker under SEC rule 10b5-1(c), authorizing the broker to make open market purchases of common stock from time to time, subject to market conditions. Our leases generally require us to pay a proportionate share of real estate taxes, insurance, common charges and other operating costs, and some restaurant leases provide for contingent rental payments based on sales thresholds. We work closely with our suppliers and use a mix of forward pricing protocols under which we agree with our supplier on fixed prices for deliveries at some time in the future, which can help mitigate pricing volatility. We also have a long-term investments balance of $125.1 million, which consists of U.S. treasury notes with maturities of up to 15 months.