As part of our growth strategy, we invest in businesses in certain countries that carry high levels of risks such as China, Brazil, India, Mexico, Russia, and countries in the Middle East and Africa. Our financial performance depends, in large part, on varying conditions in the markets we serve, particularly the on-highway, construction, and general industrial markets. The formation of the power systems segment combined two businesses that were already strongly interdependent, which will allow us to streamline business and technical processes to accelerate innovation, grow market share, and more efficiently manage our supply chain and manufacturing operations. We allocate certain common costs and expenses, primarily corporate functions, among segments. These include certain costs and expenses of shared services, such as information technology, human resources, legal, finance, and supply chain management. Our reporting structure is organized according to the products and markets each segment serves. We began to report results for our new reporting structure in the second quarter of 2016 and also reflected this change for historical periods. The revised methodology, which is based on a combination of relative segment sales and relative service usage levels, is effective for the periods beginning after January 1, 2016, and resulted in the revision of our segment operating results, including segment EBIT, for all four segments for the first quarter of 2016 with a greater share of costs allocated to the distribution and components segments than in previous years. Our operations are also affected by currency, political, economic, and regulatory matters, including adoption and enforcement of environmental and emission standards, in the countries we serve. We serve our customers through a network of approximately 600 wholly-owned and independent distributor locations and over 7,400 dealer locations in more than 190 countries and territories. We expect to fund dividend payments with cash from operations. We continue to invest in new product lines and targeted capacity expansions. We plan to spend between $500 million and $530 million in 2017 on capital expenditures as we continue with product launches and facility improvements. Our strategy with respect to our investments in pension plan assets is to be invested with a long-term outlook. The funded status of our pension plans is dependent upon a variety of variables and assumptions including return on invested assets, market interest rates, and levels of voluntary contributions to the plans. We expect additional positive returns from active investment management. The decrease in gross margin was primarily due to lower volumes and unfavorable mix, partially offset by lower material and commodity costs and favorable product coverage. We assess our liquidity in terms of our ability to generate adequate cash to fund our operating, investing, and financing activities. We believe our operating cash flow and liquidity provide us with the financial flexibility needed to fund working capital, common stock repurchases, capital expenditures, dividend payments, projected pension obligations, and debt service obligations. We continue to generate cash from operations in the U.S. and maintain access to our revolving credit facility. The new standard will require adoption on a retrospective basis unless it is impracticable to apply, in which case it would be required to apply the amendments prospectively as of the earliest date practicable. The new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. We are in the process of evaluating the impact this standard will have on our consolidated statements of cash flows.