The energy landscape remained challenged throughout 2016, with global production oversupply causing continued weakness in commodity prices. Our strategy is to create value through price cycles by delivering on the financial and operational priorities that underpin our value proposition. We believe financial strength is critical in a cyclical business such as ours, and we took actions to preserve our balance sheet strength and mitigate the impacts of possible weak prices. We monitor operating and overhead costs using various methodologies reported to senior management monthly, which is critical to maintaining a competitive position in our industry. The ability to control our operating and overhead costs impacts our ability to deliver strong cash from operations. We leverage our knowledge and technology to create value and safely deliver on our plans, evolving our technical approach to optimally apply best practices. The application of new technologies and processes to improve recovery from existing fields is essential for enhancing operational efficiency. We strive to attract, train, develop, and retain individuals with the knowledge and skills to implement our business strategy, which supports our values and ethics. Our capital allocation has shifted to focus on value-preserving, shorter cycle time, and low cost-of-supply unconventional programs in our resource base. We continue to optimize our asset portfolio by focusing on low cost-of-supply assets that strategically fit our development plans. Our capital expenditures and investments from continuing operations for the three-year period ended December 31, 2016, totaled $32 billion, supporting key exploration and development activities. We have outlined a 2017 to 2019 operating plan that achieves our priorities while positioning the company for long-term success in light of our view that commodity prices are likely to remain lower and more volatile in the future. We expect our proved reserves to increase if prices rise, but access to additional resources may become increasingly difficult. The timing and level at which we add to our reserve base may not allow us to replace our production over subsequent years. Our management carefully considers the impact of changing economic, regulatory, and political environments on our operations, which can affect our profitability. We are committed to building a learning organization using human performance principles as we pursue improved health, safety, and environmental performance. The ultimate financial impact arising from environmental laws and regulations is neither clearly known nor easily determinable, as new standards continue to evolve. We are subject to various lawsuits and claims, including those involving oil and gas royalty and severance tax payments, which require us to apply our knowledge, experience, and professional judgment in evaluating potential exposures. Our management regularly assesses the adequacy of current accruals and determines if adjustments are required based on the evolving nature of these contingencies. We continue to evaluate potential solutions to leverage knowledge of technological successes across our operations, enabling us to economically convert additional resources to reserves, achieve greater operating efficiencies, and reduce our environmental impact.