We outsource to IBM Global Services a significant portion of our corporate and ABDC data center operations. Our operating results have generated cash flows, which, together with availability under our debt agreements and credit terms from suppliers, has provided sufficient capital resources to finance working capital and cash operating requirements, and to fund capital expenditures, acquisitions, repayment of debt, the payment of interest on outstanding debt, dividends, repurchases of shares of our common stock, and our hedging strategy. Significant capital expenditures in fiscal 2016 included costs associated with expanding distribution capacity, technology initiatives, including costs related to the development of track-and-trace technology, and the expansion of support facilities. Significant capital expenditures in fiscal 2015 included technology initiatives, including costs related to the further development of our primary ERP system, costs associated with building our new national distribution center, and expansion of support facilities. We currently expect to spend approximately $500 million for capital expenditures during fiscal 2017. Larger 2017 capital expenditures include building new distribution centers and/or replacing or upgrading existing distribution centers, information system investments to support a data center consolidation, track-and-trace technology, and a new operating system for certain business units. Our use of the term "specialty" and "specialty pharmaceutical products" refers to drugs used to treat complex diseases, such as cancer, diabetes, and multiple sclerosis. We believe the terms "specialty" and "specialty pharmaceutical products" are used consistently by industry participants and our competitors. However, we cannot be certain that other distributors of specialty products define these and other similar terms in exactly the same manner as we do. We have minimal exposure to foreign currency and exchange rate risk from our non-U.S. operations. Our largest exposure to foreign exchange rates exists primarily with the euro, the U.K. pound sterling, the Canadian dollar, and the Brazilian real. Revenue from our foreign operations is less than one percent of our consolidated revenue. We may utilize foreign currency-denominated forward contracts to hedge against changes in foreign exchange rates. We may use derivative instruments to hedge our foreign currency exposure, but not for speculative or trading purposes. We have a commercial paper program whereby we may from time to time issue short-term promissory notes in an aggregate amount of up to $1.4 billion at any one time. Amounts available under the program may be borrowed, repaid, and re-borrowed from time to time. The maturities on the notes will vary, but may not exceed 365 days from the date of issuance. The notes will bear interest, if interest bearing, or will be sold at a discount from their face amounts. The commercial paper program does not increase our borrowing capacity as it is fully backed by our multi-currency revolving credit facility. We have a receivables securitization facility, which was scheduled to expire in November 2018. In June 2016, we amended the receivables securitization facility to increase the borrowing capacity from $950 million to $1,450 million, and in November 2016, we extended the maturity date to November 2019. We have available to us an accordion feature whereby the commitment on the receivables securitization facility may be increased by up to $250 million, subject to lender approval, for seasonal needs during the December and March quarters. Our average borrowing rate was lower during the current fiscal year primarily as a result of the recent variable-rate financings, which bear interest at lower rates. We recorded a deferred tax asset and recognized a tax benefit adjustment of approximately $456 million, which represented the estimated benefit from the tax deduction for the increase in the fair value of the warrants from the issuance date through September 30, 2015. The increase in gross profit of pharmaceutical distribution benefited from the incremental income from ABDC's participation in the WBA global sourcing arrangement and was adversely impacted by lower generic price appreciation, an increase in generic price deflation, and contract renewals at less favorable terms.