We provide vehicle sellers with a full range of services to process and sell vehicles primarily over the internet through our virtual bidding third generation internet auction-style sales technology, which we refer to as vb3. We monitor and analyze a number of key financial performance indicators in order to manage our business and evaluate our financial and operating performance. The increase in service revenues for fiscal 2016 of $119.0 million, or 12.1% as compared to fiscal 2015 came from growth in the U.S. driven primarily by increased volume, partially offset by lower average auction selling prices. The growth in volume in the U.S. was derived from growth from existing suppliers, driven by what we believe was an increase in salvage frequency, and growth in the number of units sold from new and expanded contracts with insurance companies. We seek to increase revenues and profitability by acquiring and developing additional vehicle storage facilities in key markets, pursuing national and regional vehicle seller agreements, increasing our service offerings to sellers and members, and expanding the application of vb3 into new markets. We implement our pricing structure and auction procedures and attempt to introduce cost efficiencies at each of our acquired facilities by integrating our management information systems. The increase in general and administrative expenses for fiscal 2016 resulted from decreased expenditures on technology development, partially offset by the overall growth in labor costs and professional services associated with domestic expansion. Included in our U.S. yard operations expenses for fiscal 2014 were severance and lease termination costs primarily associated with the integration of the salvage parent, inc. acquisition. We capitalize system development costs and website development costs related to our enterprise computing services during the application development stage. The capitalized costs were $14.1 million, $8.8 million and $16.5 million for fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. During fiscal 2014, we recognized a charge of $29.1 million resulting primarily from the impairment of costs previously capitalized in connection with the development of business operating software. We maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts in order to provide for estimated losses resulting from disputed amounts billed to sellers or members and the inability of our sellers or members to make required payments. The allowance is calculated by taking both seller and buyer accounts receivables written off during the previous 12 month period as a percentage of the total accounts receivable balance. The primary source of cash generated by operations is from the collection of sellers' fees, members' fees and reimbursable advances from the proceeds of vehicle sales. Our business is seasonal as inclement weather during the winter months increases the frequency of accidents and consequently, the number of cars involved in accidents which the insurance companies salvage rather than repair. We believe that our currently available cash and cash equivalents and cash generated from operations will be sufficient to satisfy our operating and working capital requirements for at least the next 12 months. We expect to acquire or develop additional locations and expand some of our current facilities in the foreseeable future. The projections are developed using internal forecasts, available industry and market data and estimates of long-term growth rates of our business. Our obligations under the note purchase agreement are guaranteed by certain of our domestic subsidiaries meeting materiality thresholds set forth in the note purchase agreement. We are also required to maintain compliance, measured at the end of each fiscal quarter, with a consolidated total net leverage ratio and a consolidated interest coverage ratio.