We are a leading provider of enterprise cloud computing solutions, with a focus on customer relationship management. Our core mission is to help our customers transform by empowering them to connect with their customers in entirely new ways. Our customer success platform provides the tools customers need to succeed in a digital world. We evaluate opportunities to acquire or invest in complementary businesses, services, and technologies, which resulted in a significant increase in our acquisition activity during fiscal 2017. We believe the factors that will influence our ability to achieve our objectives include the availability, performance, and security of our service; our ability to continue to release, and gain customer acceptance of new and improved features; and our ability to successfully integrate acquired businesses and technologies. Our plans to invest for future growth include the continuation of the expansion of our data center capacity, the hiring of additional personnel, particularly in direct sales, other customer-related areas, and research and development, as well as the development of new services such as the introduction of our analytics cloud, community cloud, and IoT cloud. We continue to focus our research and development efforts on adding new features and services, integrating acquired technologies, increasing the functionality and security, and enhancing the ease of use of our enterprise cloud computing services. Our proprietary, scalable, and secure multi-tenant architecture enables us to provide all of our customers with a service based on a single version of our application. As a result, we do not have to maintain multiple versions, which enables us to have relatively lower research and development expenses compared to traditional enterprise software companies. We expect that research and development expenses will increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest in additional employees and technology to support the development of new, and improve existing, technologies and the integration of acquired technologies. We intend to continue to invest additional resources in our enterprise cloud computing services and data center capacity. The increase in absolute dollars was primarily due to an increase in employee-related costs, stock-based expenses, service delivery costs, and professional and outside services. We have increased our headcount significantly to meet the higher demand for services from our customers and as a result of our fiscal 2017 acquisitions. Our marketing and sales expenses consist primarily of salaries and related expenses for our sales and marketing staff, including commissions, payments to partners, marketing programs, and allocated overhead. We plan to continue to invest in marketing and sales by expanding our domestic and international selling and marketing activities, building brand awareness, attracting new customers, and sponsoring additional marketing events. The increase in our subscription and support revenues was primarily caused by volume-driven increases from new business, which includes new customers, upgrades, and additional subscriptions from existing customers. We expect to continue to make such investments and acquisitions in the future and plan to reinvest a significant portion of our incremental revenue in future periods to grow our business and continue our leadership role in the cloud computing industry.