During fiscal 2016, we began introducing affordable homes for the active adult buyer seeking a low-maintenance lifestyle in an age-restricted or age-targeted community, which reflects our focus on aligning product offerings with consumer demand in each market. Our operating strategy is focused on leveraging our financial and competitive position to increase the returns on our inventory investments while generating strong profitability and cash flows. We are committed to improving the efficiency of our land development, construction, sales, and other key operational activities, which is essential for optimizing returns on inventory investments and cash flows. We manage our inventory of owned land and lots and homes under construction relative to demand in each of our markets, including starting construction on unsold homes to capture new home demand and actively controlling the number of unsold, completed homes in inventory. Our business is well positioned for the future because of our broad geographic operating base and product offerings, our inventory of finished lots, land and homes, our strong balance sheet and liquidity, and our experienced personnel across our operating markets. We continually evaluate our land and lot supply, and fluctuations in revenues and profitability from land sales can occur based on how we manage our inventory levels in various markets. We expect our operating strategy will allow us to maintain a strong balance sheet and liquidity position while continuing to increase our revenues and profitability. Our financial services revenues are closely tied to the number of homes closed by our homebuilding operations, indicating a strong integration of our operational capabilities. The volume of loans originated and brokered by our mortgage operations is related to the number of homes closed by our homebuilding operations, reflecting the interconnectedness of our business processes. We have a secured letter of credit agreement which requires us to deposit cash as collateral, ensuring our operational flexibility. Our mortgage subsidiary has a mortgage repurchase facility that provides financing and liquidity, facilitating purchase transactions and enhancing our operational capabilities. We are focused on growing our profitability, generating positive annual cash flows from operations, and managing our product offerings, pricing, sales pace, and inventory levels to optimize the return on our inventory investments. The pace and sustainability of new home demand and our future results could be negatively affected by weakening economic conditions, decreases in the level of employment and housing demand, decreased home affordability, significant increases in mortgage interest rates, or tightening of mortgage lending standards. Our strategic resource allocation and operational flexibility are critical in navigating these challenges, ensuring that we can respond effectively to market dynamics and consumer demands. We believe that housing demand in our individual operating markets is tied closely to each market's economy; therefore, we expect that housing market conditions will vary across our markets. We remain focused on managing the pricing, incentives, and sales pace in each of our communities to optimize the returns on our inventory investments and adjust to local market conditions, underscoring our commitment to strategic management practices and operational efficiency.