Our primary business objectives are to maximize sustainable long-term growth in earnings and funds from operations per share and unit, cash flow and returns to our stockholders and our operating partnership's unitholders through the payment of distributions and return on invested capital. We expect to achieve our objectives by focusing on our core business of investing in and developing data centers. A significant component of our current and future internal growth is anticipated through the development of our existing space held for development, acquisition of land for future development, and acquisition of new properties. We target high quality, strategically located properties containing the physical and connectivity infrastructure that supports the applications and operations of data center and technology industry tenants and properties that may be developed for such use. Our data center properties contain fully redundant electrical supply systems, multiple power feeds, above-standard cooling systems, raised floor areas, extensive in-building communications cabling, and high-level security systems. We believe that the growth in data center demand and the technology-related real estate industry generally will continue to outpace the overall economy. Our ability to grow earnings depends in part on our ability to develop space and lease development space at favorable rates, which we may not be able to obtain. Development space requires significant capital investment in order to develop data center facilities that are ready for use, and we may require additional time or encounter delays in securing tenants for development space. We may continue to build out our development portfolio when justified by anticipated returns. Our expertise in data center construction and operations enables us to lease space to these tenants at a premium over other uses. We believe that demand in key metropolitan areas such as northern Virginia, Dallas, and Chicago is largely in line with supply. However, until this inventory is leased up, which will depend on a number of factors, including available data center space in these metropolitan areas, our return on invested capital is negatively impacted. Our development activities make us particularly susceptible to general economic slowdowns, including recessions and adverse developments in the data center, internet, and data communications and broader technology industries. Any such slowdown or adverse development could lead to reduced corporate IT spending or reduced demand for data center space. Changes in industry practice or technology, such as virtualization technology, more efficient computing or networking devices, or devices that require higher power densities than today's devices, could also reduce demand for the physical data center space we provide or make the tenant improvements in our facilities obsolete or in need of significant upgrades to remain viable. We continue to see strong demand in most of our key metropolitan areas for data center space and expect the rental rates we are likely to achieve on re-leased or renewed data center space leases for 2017 expirations on an average aggregate basis will generally be higher than the rates currently being paid for the same space on a GAAP basis and flat on a cash basis. Our ability to re-lease or renew expiring space at rental rates equal to or in excess of current rental rates will impact our results of operations.