We continued to make significant investments in our customer, field and infrastructure technology as well as in our talent management systems, all key areas that will be critical to our long-term success. Our global institutional, global industrial and other segments continued to show good fixed currency sales and earnings results. However, these were offset by a decline in the global energy segment, coupled with significantly unfavorable currency translation due to the strong dollar appreciation relative to other currencies. We worked aggressively to offset these headwinds, while making progress in our work to strengthen our businesses and position them for better growth in 2017. We believe that our strong balance sheet has allowed us continued access to capital at attractive rates. We view these ratios as important indicators of the operational and financial health of our organization. We continue to generate strong cash flow from operations, allowing us to fund our ongoing operations, acquisitions, investments in our business, debt repayments, pension obligations and return cash to our shareholders through share repurchases and dividend payments. Our acquisitions and divestitures across 2016, 2015 and 2014 are discussed further in note 4. We continue to target strategic business acquisitions which complement our growth strategy and expect to continue to make capital investments and acquisitions in the future to support our long-term growth. We continue to make capital investments in the business, including merchandising and customer equipment and manufacturing facilities. Our global footprint and broad business portfolio within global energy, as well as our strong execution capabilities are expected to provide the required resilience to outperform in the current market. As such, we continue to remain confident in the long-term growth prospects of the segment. We also experienced additional pricing headwinds in 2016 when compared to 2015. Our international operations subject us to changes in economic conditions and foreign currency exchange rates as well as political uncertainty in some countries which could impact future operating results. We recognize revenue on product sales at the time evidence of an arrangement exists, title to the product and risk of loss transfers to the customer, the price is fixed and determinable and collection is reasonably assured. We recognize revenue on services as they are performed. While we employ a sales and service team to ensure our customers' needs are best met in a high quality way, the majority of our revenue is generated from product sales. Our service businesses and service offerings are discussed in note 17. Our sales policies do not provide for general rights of return. We record estimated reductions to revenue for customer programs and incentive offerings including pricing arrangements, promotions and other volume-based incentives at the time the sale is recorded. We also record estimated reserves for product returns and credits at the time of sale and anticipated uncollectible accounts. Depending on market conditions, we may increase customer incentive offerings, which could reduce gross profit margins over the term of the incentive. We believe that our customer retention rate and history of maintaining long-term relationships with our significant customers are not expected to change in the future. We have experienced no significant changes in the carrying value or estimated remaining useful lives of our long-lived or amortizable intangible assets. Our goodwill impairment assessment for 2016 indicated the estimated fair value of each of our reporting units exceeded the unit's carrying amount by a significant margin. We will continue to assess the need to test our reporting units for impairment during interim periods between our scheduled annual assessments.