We regularly evaluate the appropriateness of our reportable segments, particularly in light of organizational changes, merger and acquisition activity and changing laws and regulations. Our results of operations depend in large part on our ability to accurately predict and effectively manage health care costs through effective contracting with providers of care to our members and our medical management and health and wellness programs. We continue to analyze and refine our estimates of the ultimate impact of health care reform on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. Health care reform presented us with new growth opportunities, but also introduced new risks, regulatory challenges and uncertainties, and required changes in the way products are designed, underwritten, priced, distributed and administered. We strive to price our health care benefit products consistent with anticipated underlying medical trends. Our pricing strategy, based on predictive modeling, proprietary research and data-driven processes have positioned us to benefit from the potential growth opportunities available in fully-insured commercial products as a result of health care reform and any subsequent changes to the current regulatory scheme. We believe that our pricing strategy, brand name and network quality will provide a strong foundation for commercial risk membership growth opportunities in the future. We have continued our broad-based strategy of offering Anthem Health Marketplace's consumer experience platform to groups, while also participating in various exchanges. We continue to believe we are well positioned to adapt with the market as it evolves. Our results of operations are impacted by levels and mix of membership. In recent years, we have experienced membership growth due to the quality and pricing of our health benefits products and services, improved economic conditions, decreases in unemployment, acquisitions, entry into new markets and expansions in existing markets. We believe the self-insured portion of our group membership base will continue to increase as a percentage of total group membership. However, these membership trends could be negatively impacted by various factors that could have a material adverse effect on our future results of operations such as general economic downturns that result in business failures, failure to obtain new customers or retain existing customers, premium increases, benefit changes or our exit from a specific market. We have continued to implement security enhancements since the cyber attack incident, which gained unauthorized access to certain of our information technology systems and obtained personal information related to many individuals and employees. We are committed to maintaining our common stock dividend and will maintain flexibility with our share repurchase program. Our growth strategy is designed to enable us to take advantage of additional economies of scale as well as providing us access to new and evolving technologies and products. Significant transactions include the pending acquisition of Cigna, which will further our goal of creating a premier health benefits company with critical diversification and scale to lead the transformation of health care delivery for consumers. The combined company will reflect a pro forma equity ownership comprised of approximately 67% Anthem shareholders and approximately 33% Cigna shareholders. We expect that our pro forma debt-to-capital ratio will approximate 49% following the closing of the acquisition and we are committed to deleveraging to the low 40% range approximately twenty-four months following the closing. We will continue to evaluate the impact of health care reform including any substantial changes to existing laws or regulations that may impact our business.