Equinix provides global data center offerings that protect and connect the world's most valued information assets. Global enterprises, financial services companies, and content and network service providers rely upon Equinix's leading insight and data centers in 41 markets around the world for the safekeeping of their critical IT equipment and the ability to directly connect to the networks that enable today's information-driven economy. Our data centers in 41 markets around the world are a global platform, which allows our customers to increase information and application delivery performance while significantly reducing costs. This global platform enables scalable, reliable, and cost-effective colocation, interconnection, and traffic exchange that lowers overall cost and increases flexibility. Our focused business model is built on our critical mass of customers and the resulting "marketplace" effect. We continue to monitor the available capacity in each of our selected markets. To the extent we have limited capacity available in a given market, it may limit our ability for growth in that market. We perform demand studies on an ongoing basis to determine if future expansion is warranted in a market. As a result, customers are consuming an increasing amount of power per cabinet. This increased power consumption has driven us to build out our new IBX data centers to support power and cooling needs twice that of previous IBX data centers. We could face power limitations in our IBX data centers, even though we may have additional physical cabinet capacity available within a specific IBX data center. This could have a negative impact on the available utilization capacity of a given IBX data center, which could have a negative impact on our ability to grow revenues, affecting our financial performance, operating results, and cash flows. We expect our cost of revenues to increase as we continue to grow our business. Our business is based on a recurring revenue model comprised of colocation and related interconnection and managed infrastructure offerings. We consider these offerings recurring because our customers are generally billed on a fixed and recurring basis each month for the duration of their contract, which is generally one to three years in length. Our recurring revenues have comprised more than 90% of our total revenues during the past three years. Our largest customer accounted for approximately 3% of our recurring revenues for the periods ended December 31, 2016 and 2015 and 2% of our recurring revenues for the period ended December 31, 2014. We expect to fund our expansion activities with our cash and cash equivalents and investments. We anticipate our IBX expansion construction activity will be approximately the same as our 2016 levels. If the opportunity to expand is greater than planned and we have sufficient funding to pursue such expansion opportunities, we may further increase the level of capital expenditures to support this growth as well as pursue additional business acquisitions, property acquisitions, or joint ventures. Our management believes that the inclusion of non-GAAP financial measures provides consistency and comparability with past reports and provides a better understanding of the overall performance of the business and ability to perform in subsequent periods. Our adjusted EBITDA results have improved each year and in each region in total dollars due to the improved operating results discussed earlier, as well as the nature of our business model consisting of a recurring revenue stream and a cost structure that has a large base that is fixed in nature. We expect our current efforts to improve our back office systems will continue over the next several years.