Management has reviewed the following discussion of its development and selection of critical accounting estimates with the audit committee of our board of directors. The preparation of these statements requires that we make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses. We base these estimates on historical experience and on assumptions that we consider reasonable under the circumstances; however, reported results could differ from those based on the current estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We perform annual assessments of our existing assets in connection with the review of mine operating and development plans. If it is determined that assigned asset lives do not reflect the expected remaining period of benefit, any change could affect prospective depreciation rates. We review and evaluate our long-lived assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the related carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable, and changes to our estimates of recoverable proven and probable mineral reserves could have an impact on our assessment of asset recoverability. Our estimates of future cash flows are derived from current business plans, which are developed using near-term metal price forecasts reflective of the current price environment and management's projections for long-term average metal prices. In addition to near- and long-term metal price assumptions, other key assumptions include estimates of commodity-based and other input costs; proven and probable mineral reserves estimates, including the timing and cost to develop and produce the reserves; value beyond proven and probable mineral reserve estimates; and the use of appropriate discount rates in the measurement of fair value. We believe our estimates and models used to determine fair value are similar to what a market participant would use. The combined impact of the reduction in twelve-month historical prices and reserve revisions caused net capitalized costs with respect to our proved U.S. oil and gas properties to exceed the ceiling test limitation specified by the SEC's full cost accounting rules, which resulted in the recognition of impairment charges totaling $4.3 billion in 2016, $13.0 billion in 2015, and $3.7 billion in 2014. Our operations are in multiple jurisdictions where uncertainties arise in the application of complex tax regulations. Some of these tax regimes are defined by contractual agreements with the local government, while others are defined by general tax laws and regulations. We and our subsidiaries are subject to reviews of our income tax filings and other tax payments, and disputes can arise with the taxing authorities over the interpretation of our contracts or laws. Our mining exploration activities are generally associated with our existing mines focusing on opportunities to expand reserves and resources to support the development of additional future production capacity. Exploration results continue to indicate opportunities for significant future potential reserve additions in North and South America. Our current and historical operating activities are subject to various national, state, and local environmental laws and regulations that govern the protection of the environment, and compliance with those laws requires significant expenditures. The cost of complying with environmental laws is a fundamental and substantial cost of our business. We incurred environmental capital expenditures and other environmental costs to comply with applicable environmental laws and regulations that affect our operations totaling $0.4 billion in each of 2016, 2015, and 2014. The timing and amount of estimated payments could change as a result of changes in regulatory requirements, changes in scope and timing of reclamation and plug and abandonment activities, the settlement of environmental matters, and the rate at which actual spending occurs on continuing matters.