During fiscal 2016, we continued to invest in our growth initiatives that expand our addressable markets, including the expansion of our traditional on-premises software into cloud-based solutions to provide growth opportunities with customers. We introduced the FICO速 Decision Management Suite 2.0, which allows customers to quickly integrate our tools and components with their data, helping organizations realize the promise of advanced analytics and decision management in a cost-effective, scalable cloud or on-premise solution. Our acquisition of Quadmetrics, a provider of enterprise security assessment analytics, accelerates our efforts to provide complementary cyber-related analytics solutions to market. We shifted some of our resources to distribution in our expanded market and expect to broaden our investment into product delivery, support, and infrastructure operations in fiscal 2017. Our software solutions are available through the FICO速 Analytic Cloud, and we are adding delivery via third-party cloud environments offered through large vendors in various geographic locations. The partnership agreement with Experian continues to accelerate, providing consumers access to their FICO速 scores that lenders commonly use in evaluating credit. We are pursuing opportunities to make the FICO速 scores available to third parties for affinity, white-labeled programs to further penetrate and expand the markets where our scores are available. We derive a significant portion of revenue internationally, and a substantial share of our revenue comes from transactional or unit-based software license fees, which accounted for 69% of our revenues during fiscal 2016. Revenue fluctuations are primarily driven by changes in transactional volume and license fees, which depend on estimates such as the volume of transactions or number of active accounts. We utilize cash flows generated from operating activities to fund operations and growth, and we evaluate the merits of acquiring technology or businesses or establishing strategic relationships. Our ability to take advantage of unanticipated opportunities or respond to competitive pressures could be limited if adequate funds were not available. We believe our strong portfolio of products, along with the accelerating growth we are experiencing in our cloud-based offerings, positions us well for future performance. We continue to invest in technology resources and capabilities that enhance our operational efficiency and support our business strategies. Our management regards the volume of bookings achieved as an important indicator of future revenues, which represent contracts signed in the current reporting period that generate current and future revenue streams. The increase in our customer communication services was primarily attributable to growth in the mobile communication market, reflecting our focus on market responsiveness and operational flexibility. Our strategic resource allocation includes significant investments in research and development, particularly in cloud computing and software-as-a-service, to enhance our IT capabilities and support business transformation. The increase in personnel and labor costs reflects our continued investment in areas critical to our organizational goals and operational effectiveness. We believe that our IT capabilities, including our ability to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources, are essential for transforming our firm into a competitive force and achieving long-term growth objectives.