We provide high performance cybersecurity solutions designed to simplify the IT and security infrastructure of our end-customers. The evolving cyber threat environment necessitates increased visibility and security orchestration across a widely distributed ecosystem of networks. Our common operating system, centralized management, and open application program interfaces allow many of the solutions in our portfolio to be combined to create an integrated security architecture. The Fortinet Security Fabric connects our products, services, and ecosystem partner solutions to help provide visibility and protection at all points in the network, from endpoint to data center to the cloud, regardless of whether deployed in physical, virtual, or hybrid cloud environments. The Fortinet Security Fabric delivers integrated scalability, access control, awareness, security, traffic segmentation, centralized management, and orchestration. Our strong technology advantages position us to effectively deliver security to the cloud and for the cloud, with sales of our cloud-related products and services continuing to grow faster than other parts of our business. We are also starting to see a shift from product revenues to higher-margin, recurring service revenues, which reflects our ongoing success in driving sales of low-end and high-end service bundles. Our investments in research and development strengthen our technology leadership position, and we believe that continued product innovation has resulted in market share gains. The increase in service revenue is primarily due to the recognition of revenue from our growing deferred revenue balance consisting of Fortiguard security subscription and Forticare technical support contracts sold to a larger customer base. Our operating activities provided $345.7 million in cash as a result of our continued growth of our business and the ability to successfully manage our working capital. Changes in operating assets and liabilities primarily resulted from an increase in sales of our Fortiguard security subscription and Forticare technical supports to new and existing customers, as reflected by an increase in our deferred revenue. We monitor our deferred revenue balance, growth, and the mix of short-term and long-term deferred revenue because it represents a significant portion of revenue to be recognized in future periods. Our sales strategy is based on a distribution model whereby we primarily sell our products, software licenses, and services directly to distributors, which sell to resellers and service providers. We also offer our products through Amazon Web Services and Microsoft Azure, aligning with the networking trends of our customers and the industry. Our typical contractual support and subscription term is one to three years, with a shift towards higher-margin, recurring service revenues reflecting our ongoing success in driving sales of service bundles. Our research and development teams are focused on both software development and the ongoing development of our hardware platform, which is critical for enhancing our IT capabilities. We anticipate our capital expenditures spending in 2017 to be approximately $140.0 million to $150.0 million, primarily related to the purchase of real estate to support worldwide growth. Our existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for at least the next 12 months, and we expect to continue to invest in our business to enhance our IT capabilities and support our strategic objectives.