The long-term outlook for our U.S. defense business is influenced by the relevance of our programs to the U.S. military's funding priorities, the diversity of our programs and customers, our insight into customer requirements stemming from our incumbency on core programs, our ability to evolve our products to address a fast-changing threat environment, and our proven track record of successful contract execution. We continue to pursue international opportunities presented by demand for military equipment and information technologies from our non-U.S. operations and through exports from our North American businesses. We emphasize effective program execution, anticipate trends, and react to changing circumstances in our business environment, and look for opportunities to drive cost-reduction activities across our business. The information systems and technology group's backlog consists of thousands of contracts and is reconstituted each year with new programs and task order awards. The group's total backlog was $8.4 billion at the end of 2016, down slightly from $8.6 billion at year-end 2015. This amount does not include $14.3 billion of estimated potential contract value associated with its anticipated share of indefinite delivery, indefinite quantity contracts and unexercised options. The group also continued to benefit from the 2015 consolidation of two of our businesses to form General Dynamics Mission Systems. Operating margin increased 70 basis points in 2016, driven primarily by strong program performance and favorable contract mix across our portfolio. Revenue from U.S. Navy ship engineering, repair, and other services increased in 2016 due to additional development work on the Columbia-class submarine program, offset partially by lower volume for U.S. Navy repair work. Our cash balances are invested primarily in time deposits from highly rated banks rated A-/A3 or higher. We expect capital expenditures of approximately 2 percent of revenue in 2017. We have assessed our 2015 and 2016 operating results under ASC Topic 606, which outlines a five-step model whereby revenue is recognized as performance obligations within a contract are satisfied. The majority of our long-term contracts will continue to recognize revenue and earnings over time as the work progresses because of the continuous transfer of control to the customer, generally using an input measure to reflect progress. The adoption of ASC Topic 606 will have two primary impacts on our portfolio of contracts and our consolidated financial statements. We will be precluded from using the reallocation method of recognizing adjustments in estimated profit on contracts. The total impact of an adjustment in estimated profit recorded to date on a contract will be recognized in the period it is identified, rather than recognizing the impact of an adjustment prospectively over the remaining contract term. We recognize options in backlog when the customer exercises the option and establishes a firm order. The assessment of our long-lived assets requires numerous assumptions, including the timing of work embedded in our backlog, our performance and profitability under our contracts, and our success in securing future business. We regularly assess the probability of recovery of deferred costs through ongoing business, including existing backlog and probable follow-on contracts. The impact of annual changes in financial reporting assumptions on the retirement benefit cost for these plans does not immediately affect our operating results. The information systems and technology group realized top-line revenue growth driven primarily by higher ship construction and engineering activity in our marine systems group and additional deliveries of G650 aircraft in our aerospace group.