Management uses non-GAAP measures in its financial, investment, and operational decision-making processes, for internal reporting and as part of its forecasting and budgeting processes. Furthermore, our board of directors uses these and other measures as key metrics to determine management performance under our performance-based compensation plans. We continue to strategically assess our performance and ability to achieve acceptable returns on our invested capital. Our strategic plan includes several major initiatives that we anticipate will help us achieve our goal of 9% to 10% margins on an EBIT-adjusted basis by early next decade, which includes leading in technology and innovation, including OnStar 4G LTE and connected car, alternative propulsion, urban mobility including ride- and car-sharing through Maven, and our investment in Lyft. We expect these financial results in part to be driven by favorable shifts in mix for our new or refreshed product launches. We continue to implement various strategic actions to strengthen our operations and increase our competitiveness. Our ability to deliver new products, services, and customer experiences in response to new participants in the automotive industry is critical. We view the Chinese market as important to our global growth strategy and are employing a multi-brand strategy led by our Buick and Chevrolet brands. We operate in the Chinese market through a number of joint ventures, and maintaining good relations with our joint venture partners, which are affiliated with the Chinese government, is an important part of our China growth strategy. Our overall financial targets include expected total annual operational and functional cost savings of $6.5 billion through 2018 compared to 2014 costs, which we expect will more than offset our incremental investments in brand building, engineering, and technology as we launch new products. We continue to monitor and evaluate opportunities to strengthen our competitive position over the long term while maintaining an investment-grade balance sheet. Our liquidity plans are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those described in the "forward-looking statements" section of this MD&A and item 1A. risk factors. We continue to assess our performance, and additional restructuring and rationalization actions may be required, or a determination may be made that the carrying amount of our long-lived assets may not be recoverable in certain countries. Our operations in Venezuela continue to be negatively impacted by economic recession and political instability in the country. We believe that offering a comprehensive suite of financing products will generate incremental sales of our vehicles, drive incremental GM Financial earnings, and help support our sales throughout various economic cycles. We regularly engage with our shareholders and received input as to the views of certain of our shareholders on capital allocation during this review. Our senior management evaluates our capital allocation program on an ongoing basis and recommends any modifications to the program to our board of directors not less than once annually. We continue to monitor conditions in South America and take actions to address challenges in the region. We also maintain access to the capital markets and may issue debt or equity securities from time to time, which may provide an additional source of liquidity. We believe that our current level of cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, and availability under our revolving credit facilities will be sufficient to meet our liquidity needs.