The continuing shift from an offline to online world has contributed to the growth of our business since inception, resulting in increasing revenues, and we expect that this online shift will continue to benefit our business. As interactions between users and advertisers change, we continue to expand and evolve our product offerings to serve their changing needs. We seek to expand our products and services to stay in front of this shift in order to maintain and grow our business. We continue to make significant research and development (R&D) investments in areas of strategic focus for Google, such as search, advertising, and machine learning, as well as in new products and services across both Google and other bets. The amount of our capital expenditures has fluctuated and may continue to fluctuate in the long term as we invest heavily in our systems, data centers, real estate and facilities, and information technology infrastructure. Our employees are critical to our success and we expect to continue investing in them. Our employees are among our best assets and are critical for our continued success. We expect to continue hiring talented employees around the globe and to provide competitive compensation programs to our employees. The growth was primarily driven by increases in mobile search most notably due to ongoing improvements in ad formats and delivery launched during 2016. We also experienced growth in YouTube revenue driven primarily by video advertising across TrueView with a growing contribution from ad buying on DoubleClick Bid Manager, as well as improvements in ad formats and delivery. The number of paid clicks through our advertising programs on Google properties increased from 2015 to 2016 due to growth in the adoption of YouTube engagement ads, improvements we have made in ad formats and delivery, and continued global expansion of our products, advertisers and user base across all platforms, particularly mobile. The positive impact on our revenues from paid clicks was partially offset by a decrease in the cost-per-click paid by our advertisers. The decrease in cost-per-click was primarily driven by continued growth in YouTube engagement ads where cost-per-click remains lower than on our other advertising platforms. The increase in traffic acquisition costs of $2,450 million was due to increases in advertising revenues primarily from the growth of mobile search and programmatic ad buying which carry higher TAC. The increase in other cost of revenues of $4,524 million was primarily due to increases in data centers costs including depreciation, labor, energy, bandwidth, and other equipment costs as a result of business growth. We expect cost of revenues to increase in dollar amount and as a percentage of total revenues in 2017 and future periods based on a number of factors, including the relative revenue growth rates of Google properties and our Google network members' properties. Our distribution partners include browser providers, mobile carriers, original equipment manufacturers, and software developers. We expect these trends to continue to put pressure on our overall margins. We expect to continue to spend cash on acquisitions and other investments. These acquisitions generally enhance the breadth and depth of our offerings, as well as expand our expertise in engineering and other functional areas. Our international revenues represent a significant portion of our revenues and are subject to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates relative to the U.S. dollar. While we have a foreign exchange risk management program designed to reduce our exposure to these fluctuations, this program does not fully offset their effect on our revenues and earnings. We believe that our sources of funding will be sufficient to satisfy our currently anticipated cash requirements including capital expenditures, working capital requirements, potential acquisitions and other liquidity requirements through at least the next 12 months.