In fiscal 2016, we continued to invest in our interconnected capabilities to more effectively meet customers' demands for increased fulfillment options. We completed the deployment of our new com platform in all of our U.S. stores in fiscal 2016. We also completed the roll out of our bodfs program, which was built on the foundation of com and complements our existing interconnected retail programs. This program will allow us to significantly reduce our average lead time from supplier to shelf, reduce transportation expenses and improve inventory turns. We believe this will continue to increase conversion rates and improve customer satisfaction. Our approach to driving productivity and efficiency is advanced through continuous operational improvement in our stores and supply chain, disciplined capital allocation, and building shareholder value through higher returns on invested capital. We rolled out the first phase of project sync to all of our U.S. stores, and we continue to onboard new suppliers. We will continue to blend our physical and digital assets in a seamless and frictionless way to enhance the end-to-end customer experience. Our merchandising transformation and portfolio strategy, which is focused on delivering product innovation, assortment and value, is facilitated by product authority. We also continued to leverage our merchandising assortment planning and pricing tools to better understand customer preferences and to refine our online and in-store product assortment in particular stores and geographic areas. We believe the selected sales data, the percentage relationship between net sales and major categories in the consolidated statements of earnings and the percentage change in the dollar amounts of each of the items presented below are important in evaluating the performance of our business operations. We have taken a number of steps to provide our customers with a seamless and frictionless shopping experience in our stores, online, on the job site and in their homes. We enabled a dynamic eta feature for online orders, which provides our customers with a faster and more accurate delivery date based on their location. Our total comparable store sales increased 5.6% in fiscal 2016, driven by a 2.8% increase in our comparable store customer transactions and a 2.7% increase in our comparable store average ticket. Comparable store sales for our U.S. stores increased 6.2% in fiscal 2016. The increase in net sales for fiscal 2016 primarily reflects the impact of positive comparable store sales driven by increased customer transactions and average ticket growth, as well as sales from interline, which was acquired in the third quarter of fiscal 2015. The increase in net sales was partially offset by pressure from the strengthening U.S. dollar. We generated $9.8 billion of cash flow from operations in fiscal 2016. This cash flow, along with long-term debt issued in fiscal 2016 and short-term borrowings in fiscal 2016, was used to repay senior notes that matured, fund cash payments for share repurchases, pay dividends, and fund capital expenditures. We believe that our current cash position, access to the long-term debt capital markets and cash flow generated from operations should be sufficient not only for our operating requirements but also to enable us to complete our capital expenditure programs and fund dividend payments, share repurchases and any required long-term debt payments through the next several fiscal years. We have established liabilities for certain losses related to general liability, workers' compensation, employee group medical and automobile claims for which we are self-insured. We maintain network security and privacy liability insurance coverage to limit our exposure to losses that may be caused by a significant compromise or breach of our data security.