Hilton's management and franchise segment provides services, which include hotel management and licensing of our brands to franchisees, as well as property management at timeshare properties. This segment generates its revenue from management and franchise fees charged to hotel owners, including our owned and leased hotels, and to homeowners' associations at timeshare properties. As a franchisor of hotels, we charge franchise fees in exchange for the use of one of our brand names and related commercial services, such as our reservation system, marketing and information technology services. We believe that we have good relationships with our third-party owners, franchisees, and developers and are committed to the continued growth and development of these relationships. Our relationships with these third parties also generate new relationships with developers and opportunities for property development that can support our growth. The effectiveness of any cost-cutting efforts is limited by the amount of fixed costs inherent in our business. We have taken steps to reduce our fixed costs to levels we believe are appropriate to maximize profitability and respond to market conditions without jeopardizing the overall customer experience or the value of our hotels or brands. The increase in operating expenses at our U.S. owned and leased hotels during the year ended December 31, 2016 was primarily the result of increases at our comparable hotels due to increased wages and benefits and other operating expenses. Operating expenses at our non-comparable U.S. owned and leased hotels increased during the year ended December 31, 2016 primarily as a result of increases in operating expenses from properties acquired during 2015, net of the decrease in operating expenses from properties disposed of in 2015. We finance our business activities primarily with existing cash and cash generated from our operations. Our investment policy is focused on the preservation of capital and maximizing the return on new and existing investments and returning available capital to stockholders. Our capital expenditures for property and equipment primarily include expenditures related to the renovation of existing owned and leased properties and our corporate facilities. Our software capitalization costs relate to various systems initiatives for the benefit of our hotel owners and our overall corporate operations. The increase in depreciation expense during the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015 compared to the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 resulted primarily from the addition of property and equipment related to the properties acquired in 2015, partially offset by decreases as a result of disposed hotels. Our management team uses ebitda and adjusted ebitda to evaluate our operating performance and make day-to-day operating decisions. We believe that ebitda and adjusted ebitda provide useful information to investors about us and our financial condition and results of operations. We recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities based on the differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and the tax basis of assets and liabilities using currently enacted tax rates. Our ability to make scheduled principal payments and to pay interest on our debt depends on our future operating performance, which is subject to general conditions in or affecting the hotel and timeshare industries that are beyond our control. We have an investment policy that is focused on the preservation of capital and maximizing the return on new and existing investments and returning available capital to stockholders. Our ability to generate sufficient cash flow from operations in the future to service our debt may require us to reduce capital expenditures, issue additional equity securities, or draw on our revolving credit facilities.