Our business environment has been characterized by industry consolidation and increasing competition among global markets for trading, clearing, and listings; the globalization of exchanges, customers, and competitors; market participants' rising demand for speed, data capacity, and connectivity, which requires ongoing investment in technology; and increasing focus on capital and cost efficiencies. We offer end-to-end market data services to support the trading, investment, risk management, and connectivity needs of customers across virtually all asset classes. The ability to evolve existing products to serve emerging needs, develop new products, and respond to competitive dynamics in pricing, exclusivity, and consolidation is important to our business. We continue to focus on our strategy to grow each of our revenue streams, as well as on our company-wide expense reduction initiatives and our synergies in connection with our acquisitions in order to mitigate uncertainties and build on growth opportunities by leveraging our proprietary data, clearing, and markets. We have diversified our business so that we are not dependent on volatility or trading activity in any one asset class. Our data services revenues increased during the year ended December 31, 2016, from the comparable period in 2015, primarily due to the acquisitions of interactive data and trayport, the acquisitions of securities evaluations and credit market analysis, the high retention rate of existing customers, the addition of new customers, increased usage by existing customers, and the development of new and enhanced products designed to efficiently deliver more value to our customers. Our pricing and analytics services consist of an extensive set of independent evaluated pricing services focused primarily on fixed income and international equity securities, valuation services, reference data, market data, end-of-day pricing, fixed income, equity portfolio analytics, and risk management analytics. Our desktop and web-based applications deliver real-time market information, analytical and decision support tools to support trading and investment decisions. Our connectivity infrastructure managed services solution also offers colocation space, direct exchange access, proximity hosting, and support services that enable access to real-time exchange data and facilitate low latency electronic trading. The implementation of new laws or regulations or the uncertainty around potential changes may impact participation in our markets or the demand for our clearing and data services either favorably or unfavorably. Many of the recent changes with regard to global financial reform have emphasized the importance of transparent markets, centralized clearing, and access to data, all of which are important aspects of our product offering. Our technology support services consist of costs for running our wholly-owned data centers, hosting costs paid to third-party data centers, and maintenance of our computer hardware and software required to support our technology. These costs are driven by system capacity, functionality, and redundancy requirements. We expect our operating expenses to increase in absolute terms in future periods in connection with our acquisitions and growth of our business, and to vary from year to year based on the type and level of our acquisitions and other investments. Our technology and communication expenses increased significantly due to the acquisitions and the ongoing need for enhanced technological capabilities to support our operations and customer demands.