Our growth strategy depends upon our ability to initiate and embrace disruptive technology trends, to enter new markets, and to drive broad adoption of the products and services we develop and market. As we continue transitioning to offer more connected services, the ongoing operation and availability of our information technology and communication systems and those of our external service providers is becoming increasingly important. We are investing significant management attention and resources in our information technology infrastructure and in our privacy and security capabilities, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. We believe that an understanding of these trends is important in order to understand our financial results as well as our future prospects. The markets for software and related services, especially highly-available connected services, are characterized by rapid technological change, shifting customer needs, and frequent new product introductions and enhancements. The result is a global market that is shifting from traditional services that are paper-based, human-produced, and brick-and-mortar bound, to one where people understand, demand, and embrace the benefits of connected services. This trend toward connected services is the primary driver of the strategies in all of our businesses. We are investing significant resources in our product development, marketing, and sales capabilities, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. Our consumer tax offerings have significant seasonal patterns. We expect the seasonality of our consumer tax business to continue to have a significant impact on our quarterly financial results in the future. Connected services revenue as a percentage of our total revenue is expected to continue to grow in the future. We track certain non-financial drivers of revenue growth, including customer growth and retention for all of our businesses and transaction volume for our payment processing business. Total credit and debit card transaction volume correlates strongly with the macroeconomic environment and is one of the key drivers of revenue growth in our payment processing business. Our small business online ecosystem revenue grew 25%, driven by customer acquisition. QuickBooks online subscribers grew 41% and online payroll customers grew 17%. Active online payments customers grew 6% and online payments charge volume grew 15%. We are also investing in security and to work with the broader industry and government to protect our customers against fraud. The ongoing operation and availability of our information technology and communication systems is becoming increasingly important. We have also segregated the net assets of our demandforce, quickbase, and quicken businesses from continuing operations on our balance sheet. We account for all of these businesses as discontinued operations. Our strong liquidity profile enables us to respond nimbly to opportunities in technology or businesses, or establishing strategic relationships with and investing in other companies. We evaluate, on an ongoing basis, the merits of acquiring technology or businesses. We expect to return excess cash generated by operations to our stockholders through repurchases of our common stock and payment of cash dividends, after taking into account our operating and strategic cash needs. We continue to invest in security and to work with the broader industry and government to protect our customers against this type of fraud. The ongoing operation and availability of our information technology and communication systems is becoming increasingly important.