For over three decades, minimally invasive surgery (MIS) has reduced trauma to patients by allowing selected surgeries to be performed through small ports rather than large incisions. The da Vinci surgical systems enable surgeons to extend the benefits of MIS by using computational, robotic, and imaging technologies to overcome limitations of conventional MIS. Our technology is designed to provide surgeons with a range of motion of MIS instruments in the surgical field, while filtering out the tremor inherent in a surgeon's hand. We focus our organization and investments on developing, marketing, and training for products and targeted procedures where da Vinci can bring patient value relative to alternative treatment options and/or economic benefit to healthcare providers. Our strategy is to provide hospitals with attractive clinical and economic solutions in complex and less complex procedure categories. The adoption of da Vinci surgery has the potential to grow for those procedures that offer greater patient value than non-da Vinci alternatives, within the prevailing economics of healthcare providers. The da Vinci surgical system generally sells for approximately between $0.6 million and $2.5 million, representing a significant capital equipment investment for our customers. We generate recurring revenue as our customers purchase our endowrist and single-site instrument and accessory products used in performing procedures with the da Vinci surgical system. The growth of recurring revenue and its increasing proportion of total revenue largely reflect continued procedure adoption on a growing base of installed da Vinci surgical systems. The installed base of da Vinci surgical systems has grown to approximately 3,919 at December 31, 2016. Our research and development expenses include costs associated with the design, development, testing, and significant enhancement of our products, including advanced imaging and analytics, advanced instrumentation, and next-generation robotics. We expect to continue to make substantial investments in research and development and anticipate that research and development expenses will continue to increase in the future. Our ability to utilize lower-cost refurbished endoscopes to meet service needs may vary period to period. As our installed base of da Vinci surgical systems increases, we will need to expand our service pool with new endoscopes, which is expected to result in higher field replacement costs. Future demand for da Vinci surgical systems will be impacted by factors including hospital response to the evolving healthcare environment, procedure growth rates, hospital consolidation trends, and evolving system utilization. We believe that our current cash, cash equivalents, and investment balances, together with income to be derived from the sale of our products, will be sufficient to meet our liquidity requirements beyond one year and for the foreseeable future. We are committed to investing in our business to expand procedure adoption and acceptance of our products. Our investments in technology capabilities and infrastructure are crucial for enhancing operational efficiency and supporting our strategic goals. The growth in our overall procedure volume was driven by growth in U.S. general surgery procedures and worldwide urologic procedures, reflecting increased acceptance among surgeons and health systems, supported by expanded global evidence validating the clinical and economic value of our products.