We believe our integrated business model strengthens our route-to-market and provides opportunities for net sales and profit growth through the alignment of the economic interests of our brand ownership and our manufacturing and distribution businesses. Our integrated business model enables us to be more flexible and responsive to the changing needs of our large retail customers and allows us to more fully leverage our scale and reduce costs by creating greater geographic manufacturing and distribution coverage. We believe the North American LRB market is influenced by certain key trends and uncertainties, including increased health consciousness and changes in consumer preferences, which could drive market growth. A number of our competitors are large corporations with significant financial resources, which can use their resources and scale to rapidly respond to competitive pressures and changes in consumer preferences by introducing new products, reducing prices or increasing promotional activities. We believe brand owners and bottling companies will continue to create new products and packages that address changes in consumer tastes and preferences. Our completion of the Bai Brands merger will allow us to continue distribution and capture additional growth as a result of this key trend. We have shown a disciplined approach to strategic investments in certain allied brands to enhance our position in premium and high growth categories and strengthen our existing distribution partnerships. We may continue to make future equity investments in allied brands and/or acquisitions of regional bottling companies, distributors and/or distribution rights to further extend our geographic coverage. Our capital expenditures primarily related to machinery and equipment, our distribution fleet, and costs associated with a new manufacturing plant in Mexico. We expect to incur annual capital expenditures, net of proceeds from disposals, in an amount of approximately 3% of our net sales, which we expect to fund through cash provided by operating activities. Our cash balances are used to fund acquisitions, working capital requirements, scheduled debt and interest payments, income tax obligations, repurchases of our common stock, dividend payments and capital expenditures. The costs of a substantial portion of the raw materials used in the beverage industry are dependent on commodity prices, which have, from time to time, exerted pressure on industry margins and operating results. We are dependent on commodity prices for apples related to our applesauce production. The effective tax rates for the year ended December 31, 2016 and 2015 were 33.8% and 35.5%, respectively. The increase in SG&A expenses was driven primarily by higher people costs, increased planned marketing investments, and increases in other operating costs. We believe that our operating cash flows and cash on hand will be sufficient to meet our anticipated obligations for the next twelve months. We are currently in the process of negotiating a new credit agreement to replace our existing credit facility which expires in September 2017. We have a deferred compensation plan where the assets are maintained in a rabbi trust and the corresponding liability related to the plan is recorded in other non-current liabilities. We did not include estimated payments related to the deferred compensation liability as the timing and payment of these amounts are determined by the participants and outside our control. Our assumptions reflect our historical experience and our best judgment regarding future performance. The impact of favorable foreign currency effects, which decreased cost of sales and SG&A expenses, totaled $44 million. We believe the main beneficiaries of the trend toward increased health consciousness include bottled waters, naturally sweetened, low calorie drinks, all natural and organic beverages, and ready-to-drink teas.