As a global investment firm, we are affected by financial and economic conditions globally, which impact our financial condition and results of operations, including our ability to exit investments profitably and make new investments. Our ability to attract new capital and investors is driven, in part, by the extent to which they continue to see the alternative asset management industry as an attractive vehicle for capital appreciation or income. Our ability to successfully deploy capital is dependent upon our ability to identify and execute attractive investments, which can be influenced by greater competition, high valuations, and increased overall cost of credit. The strength and liquidity of the U.S. and relevant global equity markets generally affect the value of our investments and our ability to successfully exit equity positions in our private equity portfolio in a timely manner. The performance of the credit markets has had an amplified impact on our financial results, as we directly bear the full extent of losses from credit instruments on our balance sheet. Our investments are impacted by various economic conditions that are difficult to quantify or predict, which may have a significant impact on the valuation of our investments and, therefore, on the investment income we realize and our financial condition and results of operations. Our ability to grow our revenues depends in part on our successful deployment of capital, including from our balance sheet, and our ability to realize investments. The performance of our investments is influenced by market dynamics, including the volatility in global stock markets and currency exchange rate fluctuations. The valuation of our investments is significantly impacted by the global financial markets, which affects the net gains or losses from investment activities recognized in any given period. We utilize several unobservable pricing inputs and assumptions in determining the fair value of our level III investments, and our reported fair value estimates could vary materially if we had chosen to incorporate different unobservable pricing inputs and other assumptions. The valuation process for level III measurements is designed to ensure consistency, oversight, and review, with preliminary valuations prepared by investment professionals and reviewed by an independent valuation firm. The global valuation committee provides oversight of the valuation process to ensure consistency in the application of valuation principles across portfolio investments. Our investment income can be impacted by volatility in the public markets related to our holdings of publicly traded securities, including our sizable holdings of first data corporation. The reduction in the stock price of first data corporation has a direct impact on our economic net income. We manage our liquidity and capital requirements by focusing on our cash flows before the consolidation of our funds and the effect of changes in short-term assets and liabilities. Our primary sources of liquidity consist of amounts received from our operating activities, including fees earned from our funds and portfolio companies, realizations on carried interest from our investment funds, and interest and dividends from investments that generate yield. We expect our primary liquidity needs will consist of cash required to continue to grow our business, including seeding new strategies and funding our capital commitments made to existing and future funds, co-investments, and any net capital requirements of our capital markets companies.