The demand for our products and our revenue levels are driven by our customers' needs to solve the process challenges that they face as they adopt new technologies required to fabricate advanced integrated circuits that are incorporated into sophisticated mobile devices. Our broad portfolio of inspection and metrology products, and related service, software, and other offerings primarily supports integrated circuit manufacturers throughout the entire semiconductor fabrication process, from research and development to final volume production. We provide leading-edge equipment, software, and support that enable manufacturers to identify, resolve, and manage significant advanced technology manufacturing process challenges and obtain higher finished product yields at lower overall cost. Our semiconductor customers generally operate in one or more of the three major semiconductor markets—memory, foundry, and logic—all characterized by rapid technological changes and sudden shifts in end-user demand, which influence the level and pattern of our customers' spending on our products and services. The growing use of increasingly sophisticated semiconductor devices in mobile consumer products has caused many of our customers to invest in additional semiconductor manufacturing capabilities and capacity. Our earnings will depend not only on our revenue levels but also on the amount of research and development spending required to meet our customers' technology roadmaps. We believe that we must continue to make substantial and focused investments in our research and development to produce products and provide services that have a competitive advantage in our marketplace. The timing for our customers in ordering and taking delivery of process control and yield management equipment is determined by their requirements to meet the next-generation production ramp schedules and the timing for capacity expansion to meet end customer demand. Our customer base continues to become more highly concentrated over time, thereby increasing the potential impact of a sudden change in capital spending by a major customer on our revenues and profitability. As our customer base becomes increasingly concentrated, large orders from a limited number of customers account for a substantial portion of our sales, potentially exposing us to more volatility for revenues and earnings. We are also subject to the cyclical capital spending that has historically characterized the semiconductor and semiconductor-related industries. The timing, length, intensity, and volatility of the capacity-oriented capital spending cycles of our customers are unpredictable. The demand for more advanced and lower-cost chips used in a growing number of consumer electronics, communications, data processing, and industrial and automotive products has resulted in a favorable demand environment for our process control and yield management solutions, particularly in the foundry and logic markets. We have maintained production volumes and capacity to meet anticipated customer requirements and remain at risk of incurring significant inventory-related and other restructuring charges if business conditions deteriorate. Our revenues are driven largely by our customers' spending on capital equipment and related maintenance services necessary to support key transitions in their underlying product technologies or to increase their production volumes in response to market demand. We are committed to product development in new and emerging technologies as we address the yield challenges our customers face at future technology nodes.