Throughout this MD&A, we refer to financial measures that have not been calculated in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S., or GAAP, and are therefore referred to as non-GAAP financial measures. These measures provide our investors with additional information about our underlying results and trends, as well as insight into some of the financial measures used to evaluate management. We believe that our ability to generate cash from operations and our capacity to issue short-term and long-term debt are adequate to fund working capital, capital spending, payment of dividends, pension plan contributions, and other needs for the foreseeable future. We are a global company focused on leading the world in essentials for a better life, with manufacturing facilities in 35 countries and products sold in more than 175 countries. Our products are sold under well-known brands such as Kleenex, Scott, Huggies, Pull-Ups, Kotex, and Depend. We manage our portfolio to balance growth, profit margin, and cash flow, invest in our brands, innovation, and growth initiatives, and provide disciplined capital management to improve return on invested capital and return cash to shareholders. We completed our 2014 organization restructuring in order to improve organization efficiency and offset the impact of stranded overhead costs resulting from the spin-off of our health care business in 2014. We continued to focus on generating cash flow and allocating capital to shareholders. In 2016, cash provided by operations was $3.2 billion, an increase of 40 percent year-on-year. We generated an all-time record $435 of cost savings from our ongoing force program, which helped fund investments in innovations and growth initiatives and improve our profit margins. We expect net sales to be similar to the prior year impacted by unfavorable foreign currency exchange rate changes of 2 percent. We also expect unfavorable foreign currency translation effects to negatively impact operating profit growth by 2 percent. Our share of net income from equity companies was negatively impacted by a weaker Mexican peso and higher input costs, partially offset by benefits from organic sales growth and cost savings. We anticipate capital spending to be in a $850 to $950 range and share repurchases to be between $800 and $1 billion, subject to market conditions. We expect to contribute up to $100 to our defined benefit pension plans. Our outlook is based on assumptions described below, including anticipated currency rates and exchange risks, raw material, energy, and other input costs, effective tax rate, contingencies, and anticipated transactions of Kimberly-Clark. We are subject to risks and uncertainties, which can affect our business operations and financial results. Our critical accounting policies have been reviewed with the audit committee of the board of directors. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of net sales and expenses during the reporting period. We record our global tax provision based on the respective tax rules and regulations for the jurisdictions in which we operate. Changes in certain assumptions related to income taxes could significantly affect consolidated results, particularly with regard to valuation allowances on deferred tax assets, unremitted earnings of subsidiaries outside the U.S., and uncertain tax positions. These liabilities may be affected by changing interpretations of laws, rulings by tax authorities, or the expiration of the statute of limitations.