The market for supply of natural gas is highly competitive, and new pipelines, storage facilities, treating facilities, and facilities for related services are currently being built to serve the growing demand for natural gas in each of the markets served by the pipelines in our natural gas pipelines business segment. Our operations compete with interstate and intrastate pipelines, and their shippers, for connections to new markets and supplies and for transportation, processing and treating services. We believe the principal elements of competition in our various markets are location, rates, terms of service and flexibility and reliability of service. Our transportation network provides access to the major natural gas supply areas and consumers in the western U.S., Louisiana, Texas, the Midwest, Northeast, Rocky Mountain, Midwest and Southeastern regions. We regularly consider and enter into discussions regarding potential acquisitions, and full and partial divestitures, and we are currently contemplating potential transactions. We focus on providing fee-based services to customers from a business portfolio consisting of energy-related pipelines, natural gas storage, processing and treating facilities, and bulk and liquids terminal facilities. The profitability of our minimum volume contracts is generally unaffected by short-term variation in economic conditions; however, to the extent we expect volumes above the minimum and/or have contracts which are volume-based we can be sensitive to changing market conditions. Our service contracts may rely solely on a single type of arrangement, but more often they combine elements of two or more of the above, which helps us and our counterparties manage the extent to which each shares in the potential risks and benefits of changing commodity prices. The changes in segment earnings before certain items are further explained by the significant factors driving segment earnings in the comparable years. The factors impacting our terminals business segment generally differ depending on whether the terminal is a liquids or bulk terminal. Our liquids terminals business generally has longer-term contracts that require the customer to pay regardless of whether they use the capacity. Therefore, the extent to which changes in these variables affect our terminals business in the near term is a function of the length of the underlying service contracts. We have contracts for this business that contain minimum volume guarantees and/or service exclusivity arrangements under which customers are required to utilize our terminals for all or a specified percentage of their handling and storage needs. Our capital expenditures for the year ended December 31, 2016, include sustaining capital expenditures and discretionary capital expenditures. We also distinguish between capital expenditures that are maintenance/sustaining capital expenditures and those that are expansion capital expenditures. Our budgeting and approval of expansion capital expenditures are generally made periodically throughout the year on a project-by-project basis in response to specific investment opportunities identified by our business segments from which we generally expect to receive sufficient returns to justify the expenditures. We utilize both internal staff and external experts to assist us in identifying environmental issues and in estimating the costs and timing of remediation efforts. We record environmental liabilities when environmental assessments and/or remedial efforts are probable and we can reasonably estimate the costs. Our operations are subject to various state and local laws and regulations, as well as orders of regulatory bodies, governing a wide variety of matters, including marketing, production, pricing, pollution, protection of the environment, and human health and safety. The ultimate costs of compliance with pipeline integrity management rules are difficult to predict. Changes such as advances of in-line inspection tools, identification of additional integrity threats and changes to the amount of pipe determined to be located in high consequence areas can have a significant impact on costs to perform integrity testing and repairs.