We operate in an environment characterized by both increasing complexity in global security and continuing economic pressures in the U.S. and globally. A significant component of our strategy in this environment is to focus on program execution, improving the quality and predictability of the delivery of our products and services and placing security capability quickly into the hands of our U.S. and international customers at affordable prices. We continue to focus on affordability initiatives and expect to continue to invest in technologies to fulfill new mission requirements for our customers and invest in our people so that we have the technical skills necessary to succeed. We selectively pursue the acquisition of businesses and investments at attractive valuations that will expand or complement our current portfolio and allow access to new customers or technologies. In pursuing our business strategy, we routinely conduct discussions, evaluate targets, and enter into agreements regarding possible acquisitions, divestitures, ventures, and equity investments. Our aeronautics business segment is engaged in the research, design, development, manufacture, integration, sustainment, support, and upgrade of advanced military aircraft, including combat and air mobility aircraft, unmanned air vehicles, and related technologies. Our business segments include aeronautics, missiles and fire control, rotary and mission systems, and space systems, which are organized based on the nature of products and services offered. We have ongoing programs that require significant technological capabilities and management skills to meet customer demands and expectations. Our net sales are primarily derived from long-term contracts for products and services provided to the U.S. government, and we account for these contracts using the percentage-of-completion method of accounting. We derive our remaining net sales from contracts to provide services to non-U.S. government customers. We monitor the nature and amount of costs at the contract level, which form the basis for estimating our total costs to complete the contract. We expect our cash from operations will continue to be sufficient to support our operations and anticipated capital expenditures for the foreseeable future. The majority of our capital expenditures for 2016 and those planned for 2017 are for equipment, facilities infrastructure, and information technology. We incur capital expenditures for information technology to support programs and general enterprise information technology infrastructure, inclusive of costs for the development or purchase of internal-use software. Our strong operating cash flows enabled our board of directors to approve key cash deployment initiatives, including an increase in our dividend rate and an increase to our share repurchase program. We expect our 2017 net sales to increase due to increased volume on the F-35 program, and we anticipate that our portfolio of products and services will continue to be well supported in a strategically focused allocation of budget resources. We continue to evaluate the recoverability of our environmental receivables by assessing factors such as U.S. government regulations, our U.S. government business base and contract mix, and our history of receiving reimbursement of such costs. Our ability to recover investments on our consolidated balance sheet that we make to satisfy offset obligations is generally dependent upon the successful operation of ventures that we do not control and may involve products and services that are dissimilar to our business activities.