We strive to effectively leverage our size and broad distribution. Our brands remain strong as a result of skilled management teams, dedicated associates, superior customer service with an emphasis on guest and associate satisfaction, significant distribution, our loyalty programs, a multichannel reservations system, and desirable property amenities. We continue to enhance the appeal of our proprietary, information-rich, and easy-to-use websites, and of our associated mobile smartphone applications, through functionality and service improvements, and we expect to continue capturing an increasing proportion of property-level reservations via this cost-efficient channel. Our profitability, as well as that of owners and franchisees, has benefited from our approach to property-level and above-property productivity. We also control above-property costs, some of which we allocate to hotels, by remaining focused on systems, processing, and support areas. Our emphasis on long-term management contracts and franchising tends to provide more stable earnings in periods of economic softness, while adding new hotels to our system generates growth, typically with little or no investment by the company. This strategy has driven substantial growth while minimizing financial leverage and risk in a cyclical industry. We remain focused on doing the things that we do well; that is, selling rooms, taking care of our guests, and making sure we control costs both at company-operated properties and at the corporate level. We continue to invest in our brands by means of new, refreshed, and reinvented properties, new room and public space designs, and enhanced amenities and technology offerings. We monitor market conditions and provide the tools for our hotels to price rooms daily in accordance with individual property demand levels, generally adjusting room rates as demand changes. Our hotels modify the mix of business to improve revenue as demand changes. For our company-operated properties, we continue to focus on enhancing property-level house profit margins and making productivity improvements. Our combined company now operates or franchises over 6,000 properties with nearly 1.2 million rooms. We believe that we have access to sufficient financial resources to finance our growth, as well as to support our ongoing operations and meet debt service and other cash requirements. Nonetheless, our ability to develop and update our brands and the ability of hotel developers to build or acquire new Marriott-branded properties, both of which are important parts of our growth plan, depend in part on capital access, availability, and cost for other hotel developers and third-party owners. We believe revenue per available room ("RevPAR") is a meaningful indicator of our performance because it measures the period-over-period change in room revenues for comparable properties. We also believe occupancy and average daily rate ("ADR") are meaningful indicators of our performance. Our RevPAR statistics for 2016, and for 2016 compared to 2015, include legacy-Starwood comparable properties for both full years even though Marriott did not own the legacy-Starwood brands before the Starwood combination. We continue to enhance our technology offerings to support operational efficiency and improve customer relationships. Our ability to develop and implement IT capabilities is critical to our strategic resource allocation and overall business transformation. We expect to continue making selective and opportunistic investments to add units to our lodging business, which may include new construction, loans, and noncontrolling equity investments. We also expect to continue investing in our technology infrastructure to support our operational flexibility and enhance our competitive advantage in the market.