The company believes that franchising is paramount to delivering great-tasting food, locally-relevant customer experiences and driving profitability, which enables an individual to be his or her own employer while benefiting from the financial strength and global experience of McDonald's. The strength of the alignment among the company, its franchisees and suppliers is key to McDonald's long-term success, allowing the identification, implementation and scaling of ideas that meet customers' changing needs and preferences. The company continually builds on its competitive advantages of system alignment and geographic diversification to deliver consistent, yet locally-relevant restaurant experiences. The turnaround plan introduced in 2015 represented a significant change in how McDonald's operates, focusing on running better restaurants, driving operational growth, returning excitement to the brand and enhancing financial value. The company made purposeful changes in 2016, blending executives with deep McDonald's experience with new executives to generate fresh energy and innovative ideas. The company has enhanced financial value through its refranchising efforts, cost savings initiatives and cash return to shareholders, expecting to achieve its refranchising target of 4,000 restaurants by the end of 2017. The refranchising model is less capital intensive, as franchisees are responsible for reinvesting capital in their businesses, which benefits the company's performance over the long term. The company is also focused on optimizing its capital structure, with a goal of reducing general and administrative expenses by $500 million by the end of 2018. The company’s strategic direction emphasizes the importance of guest count growth, which is vital to increasing sales and shareholder value. The company is developing a customer-centric growth strategy informed by deep customer research across multiple markets, focusing on retaining existing customers, regaining lost customers, and converting casual to committed customers. Investments in technology are aimed at transforming the restaurant service experience, with a focus on restaurant modernization and enhancing customer relationships through technology. The company is accelerating its focus on its delivery platform to expand convenience for customers and is conducting pilot tests in various markets. The company expects to launch mobile order and pay functionality and curbside pick-up across all traditional restaurants, with most traditional restaurants expected to be converted to the experience of the future by 2020. The foundational markets continue to pursue refranchising opportunities, enhancing critical elements that differentiate McDonald's, including menu and customer experience. The company’s ability to manage inflationary cost increases effectively is attributed to rapid inventory turnover, the ability to adjust menu prices, cost controls, and substantial property holdings. The company has significant operations outside the U.S., where it earns about 60% of its operating income, and expects existing domestic cash flows to be sufficient to fund its activities. The company has long-term contractual obligations primarily in the form of lease obligations and debt obligations, and cash provided by operations along with the company's borrowing capacity will be used to satisfy these obligations. The company’s strategic management practices include leveraging technology to enhance operational efficiency and support business needs, which is essential for maintaining competitive advantage in a dynamic market environment.