We aim to deliver strong, profitable long-term growth by accelerating our core snacks business and expanding the reach of our power brands globally. Leveraging our power brands and our innovation platforms, we plan to innovate boldly and connect with our consumers wherever they are, including new markets around the world, using both traditional and digital channels. As shopping expands further online, we are also working to grow our e-commerce platform and online presence with consumers. To fuel these investments, we have been working to optimize our cost structure. These efforts include reinventing our supply chain, including adding and upgrading to more efficient production lines, while reducing the complexity of our product offerings, ingredients, and number of suppliers. We also continue to aggressively manage our overhead costs. We have embraced and embedded zero-based budgeting practices across the organization to identify potential areas of cost reductions and capture and sustain savings within our ongoing operating budgets. Through these actions, we're leveraging our brands, platforms, and capabilities to drive long-term value and return on investment for our shareholders. We recognize these factors and the changing consumer trends such as the increasing emphasis on well-being, time compression, growing income disparity, digital revolution, and an evolving retail landscape, and we are investing in our well-being snacks portfolio, product and marketing innovation, and new routes to market including e-commerce to position ourselves for future growth. Our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to expand our operations, particularly in emerging markets. Some of these markets have greater political and economic volatility, vulnerability to infrastructure and labor disruptions, and sensitivity to world oil and energy prices. Volatility in these markets affects demand for and the costs of our products and requires frequent changes in how we operate our business. We expect continued volatility across our markets, particularly emerging markets. As such, we are focused on investing in our global power brands and routes to market while we protect our margins through the management of costs and pricing. We operate in highly competitive markets that include global, regional, and local competitors. Our advantaged geographic footprint, operating scale, and portfolio of brands have all significantly contributed to building our market-leading positions across most of the product categories in which we sell. To grow and maintain our market positions, we focus on meeting consumer needs and preferences through new product innovations and product quality. We also continue to optimize our manufacturing and other operations and invest in our brands through ongoing research and development, advertising, marketing, and consumer promotions. Our operating costs include raw materials, labor, selling, general and administrative expenses, taxes, currency impacts, and financing costs. We manage these costs through cost-saving and productivity initiatives, sourcing and hedging programs, pricing actions, refinancing, and tax planning. We also continue to work on programs to expand our profitability and margins, such as our restructuring program, which is designed to bring about significant reductions in our operating cost structure in both our supply chain and overhead costs. We expect to continue to use commercial paper borrowings to finance various short or long-term financing needs and to comply with our long-term debt covenants. We regularly monitor worldwide supply, commodity cost, and currency trends so we can cost-effectively secure ingredients, packaging, and fuel required for production. We address higher commodity costs and currency impacts primarily through hedging, higher pricing, and manufacturing and overhead cost control. We believe there will continue to be an adequate supply of the raw materials we use and that they will generally remain available from numerous sources.