MetLife's management continues to evaluate the company's segment performance and allocate resources, which may adjust related measurements in the future to better reflect segment profitability. Digital and simplified are the key enablers of our strategic initiatives, which include optimizing value and risk by prioritizing businesses with high internal rates of return, lower capital intensity, and maximum cash generation, and driving operational excellence by becoming a high-performance operating company with a competitive cost structure. We expect MetLife will generate over 40% of its operating earnings from outside the United States, and that percentage should continue to grow over time. Our investment portfolio is heavily weighted toward fixed income investments, with over 80% of our portfolio invested in fixed maturity securities and mortgage loans. The company applies disciplined asset/liability management (ALM) strategies, including the use of interest rate derivatives, to mitigate the risk of unfavorable consequences from the low interest rate environment in the U.S. We manage our investment portfolio using disciplined ALM principles, focusing on cash flow and duration to support our current and future liabilities. We also use derivatives as an integral part of our management of the investment portfolio and insurance liabilities to hedge certain risks, including changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, credit spreads, and equity market levels. The company has engaged and expects to continue to engage in a number of separation-related transactions that will impact our holding companies' liquid assets. We have increased and expect to continue to increase our holding companies' liquid assets over time as a result of cash proceeds from the U.S. retail advisor force divestiture and dividends from Brighthouse. The company’s liquidity management includes maintaining a substantial short-term liquidity position, which was $14.2 billion at December 31, 2016. We continuously monitor and adjust our liquidity and capital plans in light of market conditions, as well as changing needs and opportunities. The company believes it has access to ample liquidity to meet business requirements under current market conditions and reasonably possible stress scenarios. Our primary sources of liquidity and capital include dividends from subsidiaries, long-term debt issued, common stock issued, and net receipts from subsidiaries under a tax sharing agreement. The payment of dividends and other distributions by MetLife, Inc. to its security holders may be subject to regulation by the federal reserve as a result of MetLife, Inc.'s designation as a non-bank SIFI. The company’s risk management strategies include the use of various OTC and exchange-traded derivatives to mitigate risks related to variable annuity guarantees. We continually monitor the capital markets for opportunities to adjust our liability coverage, as appropriate. The company applies various ALM strategies and seeks to hedge all foreign currency exchange rate risk through the use of foreign currency hedges, including cross-currency swaps. The company’s operational flexibility is supported by its ability to generate strong cash flows within its operating companies and borrow funds at competitive rates, as well as by its demonstrated ability to raise additional capital to meet operating and growth needs despite adverse market and economic conditions.