Management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the information included under item 1. business, item 1a. risk factors, item 6. selected financial data and item 8. financial statements and supplementary data. We believe that there is substantial value in our economic interests in the general partner of mplx and expect to exchange these economic interests for newly issued mplx common units in conjunction with completion of our dropdowns to highlight and capture that value. Our operations consist of three reportable operating segments: refining & marketing; speedway; and midstream. Each of these segments is organized and managed based upon the nature of the products and services they offer. The components of our noncontrolling interest consist of equity-based noncontrolling interest and redeemable noncontrolling interest. The market value of the 86.6 million mplx common units we owned at December 31, 2016 was $3.0 billion based on the December 31, 2016 closing unit price of $34.62. The significant acceleration of dropdowns and other announced strategic actions are designed to further highlight the substantial value embedded in our integrated businesses. Our financial results and operating statistics reflect the results of markwest operations from the date of the acquisition in the midstream segment. The complementary aspects of the highly diverse asset base of markwest, mplx and mpc provide significant additional opportunities across multiple segments of the hydrocarbon value chain. The combined entity will further markwest's leading midstream presence in the marcellus and utica shales by allowing it to pursue additional midstream projects, which should allow producer customers to achieve superior value for their growing production in these important shale regions. We continuously evaluate our capital budget and make changes as conditions warrant. Our capital investment plan includes $1.4 billion to $1.7 billion of organic growth capital, not including anticipated dropdowns and acquisitions previously discussed or their respective subsequent capital spending, and approximately $100 million of maintenance capital. The midstream segment profitability is affected by prevailing commodity prices primarily as a result of processing or conditioning at our own or third-party processing plants, purchasing and selling or gathering and transporting volumes of natural gas at index-related prices and the cost of third-party transportation and fractionation services. The profitability of our pipeline transportation operations included in our midstream segment primarily depends on tariff rates and the volumes shipped through the pipelines. We have incurred and may continue to incur substantial capital, operating and maintenance, and remediation expenditures as a result of environmental laws and regulations. Our environmental capital expenditures are expected to approximate $422 million, or 12 percent, of total capital expenditures in 2017. We expect mplx to finance the planned dropdown transactions with debt and equity in approximately equal proportions in the aggregate for all planned dropdowns of assets. The equity financing will be funded through mplx common units issued to us. Our intention is to maintain an investment-grade credit profile. The financial covenants contained in these agreements remain the same as under the previous bank revolving credit facility. We believe that transactions with related parties were conducted under terms comparable to those with unrelated parties. The increase in planned turnaround and major maintenance costs for 2016 are primarily attributable to higher turnaround activity at the galveston bay, garyville and robinson refineries and a lower than normal schedule of turnaround activity in 2015. The increase in 2015 was primarily due to an increase in our gasoline and distillate gross margin of $401 million and our merchandise gross margin of $393 million, partially offset by higher operating expenses. The increase in 2016 was primarily due to the inclusion of markwest's operating results following the merger with mplx, as well as earnings from new and existing pipeline and marine equity investments.