Our products and services include indexes and analytical models; ratings and analysis that enable institutional investors to integrate ESG factors into their investment strategies; and analysis of real estate in both privately and publicly owned portfolios. The analytical content we provide through our products is enabled by applications and are the basis for the services that we provide to clients. Our analytical tools and content help clients measure and manage risk across all major asset classes. We focus on operating metrics, including run rate, subscription sales and aggregate retention rate to manage the business. Our growth strategy includes developing new and enhancing existing product offerings, including combining existing product features or data derived from our products to create new products, and seeking to acquire products, technologies, services and companies that will enhance, complement or expand our client base and product offerings. Research and development expenses consist of the costs to develop new or enhance existing products and the costs to develop new or improved technology and service platforms for the delivery of our products and services and primarily includes the costs of application development, quality and assurance, research, product management, project management and the technology support associated with these efforts. We expect to continue to convert a high percentage of our profits into excess cash in the future. Our revenues are characterized by type, which broadly reflects the nature of how they are recognized or earned. Our revenue types are recurring subscription, asset-based fees and non-recurring revenues. Recurring subscription revenues represent fees earned from clients primarily under renewable contracts or agreements and are recognized in most cases ratably over the term of the license or service pursuant to the contract terms. The contracts state the terms under which these fees are to be calculated. The fees are recognized as we provide the product and service to the client over the license period and are generally billed in advance, prior to the license start date. In evaluating our financial performance, we focus on revenue and profit growth, including GAAP and non-GAAP measures, for the company as a whole as well as by operating segment. Our business is not highly capital intensive. We believe our liquidity, along with other financing alternatives, will provide the necessary capital to fund these transactions and achieve our planned growth. We utilize a portfolio of key financial metrics to manage the company, including GAAP and non-GAAP measures. The increase in recurring subscription revenues was driven by growth from index products as well as higher revenues from analytics and ESG products. The increase was primarily driven by an increase in revenue from ETFs, as well as strong growth in revenues from non-ETF institutional passive funds and exchange-traded futures and options linked to MSCI indexes. The increase in capitalized software development costs includes a non-cash charge related to the termination of a technology project. We have 2,862 employees as of December 31, 2016 compared to 2,754 employees as of December 31, 2015. Our continued growth in emerging market centers around the world is an important factor in our ability to manage and control the growth of our compensation and benefits expenses. The increase in subscription revenues was primarily driven by growth from index products as well as higher analytics products' revenues. The increase was primarily driven by higher compensation and benefits costs as a result of more R&D projects, higher severance and lower net capitalized costs related to internally developed software.