We are a leading global provider of mission-critical communication infrastructure, devices, accessories, software, and services. Our products and services help government, public safety, and commercial customers improve their operations through increased effectiveness, efficiency, and safety of their mobile workforces. As communication networks have become increasingly complex, software-centric, and data-driven, we have shifted our offerings to align with this technology trend in serving our customers. We expect to continue to see growing demands for our managed & support services going forward. These services offerings help customers manage, support, and upgrade their networks as well as utilize features, applications, and data in new ways including predictive policing, proactive support, or smarter response strategies. The acquisition of GDCL enables us to geographically diversify our global managed & support services offerings, while offering a proven service delivery platform to build on for providing innovative, leading, mission-critical communications solutions and services to customers. The acquisition expands our command center software and services portfolio and enables us to offer a full suite of solutions to a broader customer base. Our business strategy is focused on optimizing our capital structure to enable prioritized investments in the business and targeted acquisitions as a source of generating solid future operating cash flows. We strive to ensure our solutions are interoperable and backward-compatible, enabling customers to confidently invest for their future needs while allowing them to utilize their prior investment in our technology. Our managed & support services grew 49% primarily due to the acquisition of GDCL. We believe we are well-positioned to compete in both our core markets and adjacent growth areas. Our investment in our managed & support services business and software solutions in the command center supplements our traditional core business. We expect our overall revenue mix to continue to shift towards software and services over time. The integration of systems, devices, software, and applications is critical for our services segment, which provides a full set of service offerings for government, public safety, and commercial communication networks. Our managed service offerings range from partial or full operation of customer-owned networks to operation of Motorola Solutions-owned networks. The expected efficiencies of reorganizing our R&D and SG&A functions are anticipated to enhance our operational flexibility and overall performance. We have a broad, compelling products and services portfolio specifically tailored for our mission-critical communications customer base that spans many layers of governments, public safety, and first responders, as well as commercial and industrial customers in a number of key verticals. Our strategic resource allocation emphasizes the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. We continuously assess relevant events and circumstances including macroeconomic conditions, industry and market conditions, cost factors, overall financial performance, and changes in enterprise value to ensure our IT capabilities effectively support business needs and enhance our competitive positioning.