We are a leading provider of trading, clearing, exchange technology, regulatory, securities listing, information and public company services. Our technology powers markets across the globe, supporting equity derivative trading, clearing and settlement, cash equity trading, fixed income trading and many other functions. We provide market technology to exchanges, clearing organizations and central securities depositories around the world, offering companies access to innovative products, software solutions and services that increase transparency, mitigate risk, improve board efficiency and facilitate better corporate governance. Our business performance is impacted by drivers including changing technology, particularly in the financial services industry, and technological advances that influence members' and customers' demand for speed, efficiency, and reliability. Our strategy includes identifying acquisitions that complement our strengths and extend our capabilities, offering opportunities for revenue and expense synergies and increased shareholder value. We expect intense competition among U.S. equity and options marketplaces to continue, with new entrants affecting the competitive environment. The implementation of new regulations will change the way our trading business operates, creating both challenges and new opportunities for growth. We continue to make progress in leveraging emerging technologies to expand the ways we serve clients, including the launch of the trading and analytics product suite that leverages machine intelligence. Our corporate solutions business launched Nasdaq IR Insight, enhancing the client experience and creating an architectural foundation for next-generation corporate solutions products. In 2016, we announced the Nasdaq Financial Framework, our new modular architecture that will provide next-generation capital markets capabilities, including the integration of blockchain technology across the issuance and settlement of securities, as well as cloud-enabled trading and clearing. We believe that our future will be determined by our ability to satisfy our customers' evolving needs and to allocate resources in strategic areas yielding attractive returns. We will continue to leverage our technology strengths and offer new products that expand and strengthen our relationships with existing and new customers. We recognize that sustained instability could return at any time, resulting in increased market volatility and a more cautious outlook by clients. Our diversified businesses position us well to compete in an uncertain market environment. If increased levels of market volatility persist, many asset classes within our market services segment and our data products business will continue to benefit. We expect global markets to be marked by significant change driven primarily by regulatory initiatives, which could result in the continued fragmentation of cash equity markets. Our focus on meeting cost, revenue, and technology objectives will enable us to benefit from improving economic conditions in the future. We will continue to look for opportunities to further diversify our business with enhanced product offerings and acquisitions complementary to our existing businesses.