Servicenow is a leading provider of enterprise cloud computing solutions that define, structure, manage, and automate services for global enterprises. Our mission is to help our customers improve service levels and reduce costs while scaling and automating their businesses. We continue to invest in the development of our services, infrastructure, and sales and marketing to drive long-term growth. Our service management solutions include the Servicenow platform, IT service management, IT business management, customer service, human resources, and security operations, which have similar features and functions and are generally priced on a per-user basis. Our IT operations management solutions, which improve visibility, availability, and agility of enterprise services, are generally priced on a per-node basis. We expect subscription revenues to grow in absolute dollars and as a percentage of total revenues as we continue to add new customers and upsell to existing customers. We are increasingly focused on deploying our internal professional services organization as a strategic resource and relying on our partner ecosystem to contract directly with customers for service delivery. Our customer count is subject to adjustments for acquisitions, spin-offs, and other market activity. The global 2000 customer count is defined as the total number of G2K companies in our customer base as of the end of the period. Our G2K customer count was 735, 633, and 533 as of December 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively. The average new customer contract term was 32 months for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014. Our expectations for 2017 revenues, cost of revenues, and operating expenses were based on foreign exchange rates as of December 31, 2016. We expect our cost of subscription revenues to increase in absolute dollar terms as we provide subscription services to more customers and increase the number of users within our customer instances, but we expect such increase to be at a slower rate than the increase in our subscription revenue. Our subscription gross profit percentage increased to 81% for the year ended December 31, 2016, from 78% for the year ended December 31, 2015, due to improved data center utilization and economies of scale. We anticipate operating expenses will continue to increase in future periods as we continue to focus on investing in the long-term growth of our business. Our free cash flow is impacted by the timing of collections and disbursements, including the timing of capital expenditures. We have historically seen higher collections in the quarter ended March 31 due to seasonality in timing of entering into customer contracts. Our principal sources of liquidity are our cash and cash equivalents, investments, and cash generated from operations. We anticipate our current cash and cash equivalents balance and cash generated from operations will be sufficient to meet our liquidity needs including the expansion of data centers, lease obligations, expenditures related to the growth of our headcount, and the acquisition of fixed assets, intangibles, and investments in office facilities to accommodate our growth for at least the next 12 months. If we require additional capital resources to grow our business at any time in the future, we may seek to finance our operations from the current funds available or seek additional equity or debt financing. The allocation of overhead costs associated with IT and certain depreciation related to infrastructure that is not dedicated for customer use or research and development use are allocated to cost of revenues and operating expenses based on headcount. We expect research and development expenses to increase for the year ended December 31, 2017 in absolute dollar terms, but decrease slightly as a percentage of total revenues as we continue to improve the existing functionality of our services, develop new applications to fill market needs, and continue to enhance our core platform.