We continue to focus on executing our strategic plan and remain committed to maintaining our strong levels of rail service, generating higher returns on capital, and increasing the efficiency of our resources. The 2016 decrease in purchased services expense reflected lower TCS operational costs, reduced repair and maintenance expenses, and decreased transportation activity costs, offset in part by higher volume-related costs in intermodal operations. The increase in 2015 reflected higher costs associated with intermodal operations, information technology, maintenance and repair, and the Roanoke, Virginia corporate office closure, partially offset by TCS restructuring-related savings. For 2017, we have budgeted $240 million for the continued implementation of PTC and expect post-2017 PTC-related property additions to total approximately $300 million. Technology and other investments of $110 million are planned for new or upgraded systems and computers. We also expect to spend $80 million on infrastructure improvements to increase mainline capacity and to accommodate business growth. Our goal is to maintain a capital structure with appropriate leverage to support our business strategy and provide flexibility through business cycles. The preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. These estimates and assumptions may require significant judgment about matters that are inherently uncertain, and future events are likely to occur that may require us to make changes to these estimates and assumptions. We regularly discuss the development, selection, and disclosures concerning critical accounting estimates with the audit committee of the board of directors. We believe the estimate of any reasonably possible loss will not have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity. We record adjustments to revenues in the periods if and when such adjustments are probable and reasonably estimable. We utilize analyses in which the projected annual cash flows from the pension and postretirement benefit plans are matched with yield curves based on an appropriate universe of high-quality corporate bonds. We use the results of the yield curve analyses to select the discount rates that match the payment streams of the benefits in these plans. Our composite depreciation rates for 2016 are disclosed in note 6; a one-tenth percentage point increase (or decrease) in these rates would have resulted in a $39 million increase (or decrease) to depreciation expense. We are subject to various jurisdictions' environmental laws and regulations. We record a liability where such liability or loss is probable and its amount can be estimated reasonably. Our environmental policy council (composed of senior managers) oversees and interprets our environmental policy. We and/or certain subsidiaries are defendants in numerous lawsuits and other claims relating principally to railroad operations. We have a working capital deficit of $48 million at December 31, 2016, compared with working capital of $281 million at December 31, 2015. Cash and cash equivalents totaled $1.0 billion and $1.1 billion at December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and were invested in accordance with our corporate investment policy. The portfolio contains securities that are subject to market risk. We expect cash on hand combined with cash provided by operating activities will be sufficient to meet our ongoing obligations. The effective income tax rate was 35.4% in 2016, compared with 36.3% in 2015 and 36.2% in 2014. The decrease in 2016 reflects favorable tax benefits associated with stock-based compensation and higher returns from corporate-owned life insurance.