Nvidia delivers value to its customers through PC, mobile, and cloud architectures. Vertical integration enables the company to bring together hardware, system software, programmable algorithms, libraries, systems, and services to create unique value for the markets served. The GPU business revenue increased by 39% in fiscal year 2017 compared to fiscal year 2016, primarily due to increased revenue from Geforce GPU gaming and datacenter platforms. Datacenter revenue, including Tesla, NVIDIA GRID, and DGX-1 brands, increased 145%, reflecting strong demand for deep learning training for AI, cloud, accelerated, and virtualized computing. The company introduced the Tesla P100, P40, and P4 GPU accelerators, unveiled the NVIDIA Inception program, and began shipping the DGX-1 AI supercomputer to research organizations, universities, and multinationals. Collaborations with Microsoft to accelerate AI with a GPU-accelerated Microsoft Cognitive Toolkit available on the Microsoft Azure cloud and NVIDIA DGX-1, as well as partnerships with the National Cancer Institute and the U.S. Department of Energy, reflect the strategic resource allocation towards enhancing IT capabilities. The introduction of the HD mapping platform for self-driving cars and partnerships with Audi, Bosch, Mercedes-Benz, and ZF for AI-powered vehicles demonstrate the firm’s commitment to leveraging technology resources and capabilities for business innovation and transformation. Research and development expenses increased by 10% in fiscal year 2017, driven primarily by employee additions and increases in employee compensation and related costs, including stock-based compensation expense. The gross margin of the GPU business increased during fiscal year 2017 due to product mix resulting from increased sales of Geforce gaming, Tesla, GRID, and Quadro GPU products, as well as a continued decrease in sales volumes of lower-margin PC OEM products. The company’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources, such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, and business process understanding, to further organizational goals. The firm’s IT capabilities have evolved to encompass the coordination of assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships, underscoring the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. Nvidia's focus on digital transformation and operational efficiency is evident in its strategic management practices and the integration of technology functionalities across its business processes. The company’s ability to provide data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, and confidentiality is critical in responding to changing business needs and directions. The strategic alignment of business strategies with IT capabilities has become essential in transforming the firm into a competitive force in the market.