In management's discussion and analysis, we provide a historical and prospective narrative of our general financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and certain other factors that may affect our future results, including key events and recent developments within our company, our liquidity and capital resources, and our critical accounting estimates. We believe the increased sales achieved by our stores were the result of store growth, sales from the acquired 48 bond stores, the high levels of customer service provided by our well-trained and technically proficient team members, superior inventory availability, including same day and overnight access to inventory in our regional distribution centers, enhanced services and programs offered in our stores, and a broader selection of product offerings in most stores with a dynamic catalog system to identify and source parts. Our comparable store sales increase was driven by increases in average ticket values and customer transaction counts from both our do-it-yourself and professional service provider customers. The improvement in average ticket values was the result of the increasing complexity and cost of replacement parts necessary to maintain the current population of better engineered and more technically advanced vehicles. Our ongoing initiatives aimed at tailoring our product offering to adjust to customers' changing preferences reflect our commitment to market responsiveness and operational flexibility. We have developed sophisticated systems for monitoring the life cycle of a given product and have historically been very successful in adjusting the volume of our inventory in conjunction with a decrease in demand. Our accounts payable to inventory ratio was 105.7% as of December 31, 2016, as compared to 99.1% in the prior year, indicating improved resource management and operational efficiency. The increase in total debt was attributable to the issuance of $500 million of 3.550% senior notes due 2026, which supports our strategic resource allocation for growth and expansion. Our long-term business strategy requires capital to open new stores, fund strategic acquisitions, expand distribution infrastructure, and operate and maintain existing stores. We believe that cash expected to be provided by operating activities and availability under our unsecured revolving credit facility will be sufficient to fund both our short-term and long-term capital and liquidity needs for the foreseeable future. We have ongoing initiatives focused on marketing and training to educate customers on the advantages of ongoing vehicle maintenance, as well as "purchasing up" on the value spectrum. The increase in our DIY customer transaction counts benefited from our continued focus on ensuring our stores are staffed with knowledgeable parts professionals to assist our customers during high traffic periods. Our strategic management practices include leveraging technology capabilities to enhance customer relationships and improve operational efficiency. We have a dual market strategy that allows us to serve both DIY customers and professional service providers effectively, which is crucial for maintaining competitive advantage in the automotive aftermarket industry. Our IT capabilities have been evolving to support business strategies and work processes, emphasizing the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities.