We are a leading provider of integrated human capital management ("HCM") solutions for payroll, human resource ("HR"), retirement, and insurance services for small- to medium-sized businesses. Our strategy focuses on flexible, convenient service; industry-leading, integrated technology; solid sales execution; providing a comprehensive suite of value-added HCM services; continued service penetration; and engaging in strategic acquisitions. We believe that investing in our products, people, and service capabilities will position us to capitalize on opportunities for long-term growth. In fiscal 2016, we made significant enhancements to our Paychex Flex platform, which is our cloud-based HCM solution. We completed the integration of key HCM modules with the release of Paychex Flex time, Paychex Flex benefits administration, and Paychex Flex hiring. We believe this leading-edge technology, along with our flexible service options, positively impacted our performance in the mid-market space, as we experienced especially strong sales results for this division in fiscal 2016. Our full-service Paychex employer shared responsibility ("ESR") services continued to show strong market acceptance and growth in fiscal 2016. We continue to strengthen our position as an expert in our industry by serving as a source of education and information to clients, small businesses, and other interested parties. Our financial position as of May 31, 2016 remained strong with cash and total corporate investments of $793.2 million and no debt. We believe that our investments as of May 31, 2016 were not other-than-temporarily impaired, nor has any event occurred subsequent to that date that would indicate any other-than-temporary impairment. Our positive operating cash flows for fiscal 2016 allowed us to support our business growth and to pay substantial dividends to our stockholders. We continue to experience strong demand for our Paychex HR services, our largest HRS revenue stream, as evidenced by the continued double-digit growth in client worksite employees. Our HR administration products, including time and attendance and HR management, contributed to growth through strong sales of our SaaS solutions. The increases in total expenses were driven largely by growth in compensation-related expenses. For fiscal 2016, compensation-related expenses increased due to higher wages and performance-based compensation costs. We also maintain insurance coverage in addition to our purchased primary insurance policies for gap coverage for employment practices liability, errors and omissions, warranty liability, theft and embezzlement, cyber threats, and acts of terrorism; and capacity for deductibles and self-insured retentions through our captive insurance company. Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates, judgments, and assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, and expenses. As part of our ongoing business, we do not participate in transactions with unconsolidated entities which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other limited purposes. We invest predominantly in municipal bonds, including general obligation bonds; pre-refunded bonds, which are secured by a U.S. government escrow; and essential services revenue bonds, along with U.S. government agency securities and corporate bonds. Our investment strategy continues to focus on protecting principal and optimizing liquidity. We believe these investments are critical to our success.