Our business discussion provides a review of the regions and markets where we operate and compete, as well as our strategy for conducting our businesses within these markets, focusing on operational excellence, financial strength, and making disciplined investments. We continue our focus on operational excellence, financial strength, and disciplined investment. These guiding principles have provided the base from which we have been able to execute our strategic initiatives, including improving utility operations through growth in investment in transmission and distribution and other infrastructure projects designed to enhance system reliability and resiliency and to meet customer expectations and public policy objectives. Our focus has been to invest capital in transmission projects that focus on reliability improvements and replacement of aging infrastructure. We also continue to make investments to improve the resiliency of our gas and electric distribution system as part of our energy strong program that was approved by the BPU in 2014 and to seek recovery on such investments. Our investments in the latter half of 2015 and early 2016 reflect our recognition of the value of opportunistic growth in the power business. We strive to improve performance and reduce costs in order to enhance the value of our generation fleet in light of low gas prices, environmental considerations, and competitive market forces that reward efficiency and reliability. Our business plan is designed to achieve growth while managing the risks associated with fluctuating commodity prices and changes in customer demand. We emphasize operational performance while developing opportunities in both our competitive and regulated businesses. Flexibility in our generating fleet has allowed us to take advantage of opportunities in a rapidly evolving market as we remain diligent in managing costs. Our diverse fuel mix and dispatch flexibility allowed us to generate approximately 52 terawatt hours while addressing fuel availability and price volatility. We utilize rigorous investment criteria when deploying capital and seek to invest in areas that complement our existing business and provide reasonable risk-adjusted returns. These areas include upgrading our energy infrastructure, responding to trends in environmental protection, and providing new energy supplies in domestic markets with growing demand. In 2016, we made additional investments in transmission infrastructure projects and continued executing energy strong and other existing BPU-approved utility programs. Our future success will depend on our ability to continue to maintain strong operational and financial performance in a slow-growing economy and a cost-constrained environment with low gas prices, to capitalize on or otherwise address appropriately regulatory and legislative developments that impact our business, and to respond to the issues and challenges described. We must continue to focus on controlling costs while maintaining safety and reliability and complying with applicable standards and requirements, successfully manage our energy obligations, execute our utility capital investment program, and advocate for measures to ensure the implementation by PJM and FERC of market design and transmission planning rules that continue to promote fair and efficient electricity markets. Our primary investment opportunities are in our regulated utility business and our merchant power business. We continually assess a broad range of strategic options to maximize long-term stockholder value, including investments in capital improvements and additions, improvements to system resiliency, modernizing existing infrastructure, and participation in transmission projects through FERC's "open window" solicitation process.