We continue to invest in technology to bolster critical business infrastructure and streamline core processes. Our approach is concentrated on organically growing and deepening client relationships across our lines of business that meet our risk/return measures. We are focused on reinventing the retail banking experience by transforming the retail distribution network and the home lending process for a better customer experience and improved efficiency. Our capital priorities are to support client growth and business investment, maintain appropriate capital in light of economic conditions and the Basel III framework, and return excess capital to shareholders. Our strategic priorities are designed to enhance value over the long term. We strive to expand and deepen customer relationships by offering a broad range of deposit, fee-based, and credit products and services. We are focused on delivering those products and services to our customers with the goal of addressing their financial objectives and putting customers' needs first. Our business model is built on customer loyalty and engagement, understanding our customers' financial goals, and offering our diverse products and services to help them achieve financial wellbeing. Our ability to manage and implement strategic business objectives within the changing regulatory environment is crucial. We face a variety of risks that may impact various aspects of our risk profile from time to time, including changes in the competitive and regulatory landscape. Our success will depend upon effectively managing capital and liquidity, managing credit risk in our portfolio, and execution of our strategic priorities. We continue to focus on disciplined expense management while investing in technology and business infrastructure. Our retail banking segment is focused on meeting the financial needs of our customers by providing a broad range of liquidity, banking, and investment products. We are focused on transforming the customer experience through transaction migration, branch network transformation, and multi-channel engagement and service strategies. The deposit strategy of retail banking is to remain disciplined on pricing and focused on growing and retaining relationship-based balances. Our operational risk management framework supports effective and consistent management of operational risk, which is inherent to the entire organization. We utilize operational risk management programs to assess existing risks, determine potential/emerging risks, and evaluate the effectiveness of internal controls. Our enterprise risk management framework is structurally aligned with enhanced prudential standards that establish minimum requirements for the design and implementation of a risk governance framework. We manage risk in light of our risk appetite to optimize long-term shareholder value while supporting our employees, customers, and communities. Our risk culture reinforces the appropriate protocols for responsible and ethical behavior, which are especially critical in terms of our risk awareness, risk-taking behavior, and risk management practices. Our businesses are responsible for making investment decisions within the approved policy limits and associated guidelines. The operational risk management framework provides a disciplined and structured process for us to manage operational risk across various domains, including technology and systems, data management, and information security. We are actively focused on the timely adoption of regulatory pronouncements within our enterprise risk management framework.