Our centralized information networks, national telephone and online reservation system, the brand name "Public Storage," and our economies of scale enable us to meet such challenges effectively. We believe that our management and operating infrastructure allows us to generate higher net operating income from newly acquired facilities than was achieved by the previous owners. However, it can take 24 or more months for us to fully achieve the higher net operating income, and the ultimate levels of net operating income to be achieved can be affected by changes in general economic conditions. Our capital resources include $183.7 million of cash as of December 31, 2016, $484.8 million of available borrowing capacity on our revolving line of credit, and approximately $250.0 million of expected retained operating cash flow for the next twelve months. Retained operating cash flow represents our expected cash flow provided by operating activities, less shareholder distributions and capital expenditures to maintain our facilities. Our planned capital needs over the next year consist of $429.9 million of remaining spend on our current development pipeline, $26.4 million in property acquisitions currently under contract, and $1.7 million in principal repayments on existing debt. We expect to continue to seek additional development projects; however, the level of future development may be limited due to various constraints such as difficulty in finding projects that meet our risk-adjusted yield expectations and challenges in obtaining building permits for self-storage activities in certain municipalities. We believe that our real estate development activities are beneficial to our business operations over the long run. However, in the short run, development activities dilute our earnings due to the three to four year period that it takes to fill up newly developed and redeveloped storage facilities and reach a stabilized level of cash flows offset by the cost of capital to fund the development cost, combined with related overhead expenses flowing through general and administrative expense. We expect the non-same store facilities to continue to provide increased net operating income in 2017 as these facilities approach stabilized occupancy levels and the earnings of the 2016 acquisitions are reflected in our operations for a longer period in 2017 as compared to 2016. Our self-storage operations generate most of our net income, and we believe that our earnings growth is most impacted by the level of organic growth in our existing self-storage portfolio. We plan on growing organically, as well as through the acquisition and development of additional facilities. We believe that the current trends in move-in, move-out, in place contractual rents and occupancy levels are consistent with our expectation of continued revenue growth in 2017. However, such trends, when viewed in the short-run, are volatile and not necessarily predictive of our revenues going forward because they are subject to many short-term factors. We expect year-over-year growth in our same store revenues will continue to moderate in 2017. We are experiencing softness in demand in several of our major markets, most notably Houston, Chicago, Washington D.C., Denver, and New York, which has led to a lack of pricing power with respect to new tenants. We believe that our geographic diversification and scale provide some insulation from localized economic effects and add to the stability of our cash flows.