The services we provide include the design, installation, upgrade, repair, and maintenance of infrastructure within each of the industries we serve, such as electric power transmission and distribution networks, substation facilities, renewable energy facilities, and pipeline transmission and distribution systems and facilities. We recognize revenue on our unit price and cost-plus contracts as units are completed or services are performed. For our fixed price contracts, we record revenues as work on the contract progresses on a percentage-of-completion basis. Our integrated operations and common administrative support at each of our operating units require that certain allocations, including allocations of shared and indirect costs, be made to determine operating segment profitability. The electric power infrastructure services segment provides comprehensive network solutions to customers in the electric power industry. This segment also provides emergency restoration services, including the repair of infrastructure damaged by inclement weather, the energized installation, maintenance, and upgrade of electric power infrastructure utilizing unique bare hand and hot stick methods and our proprietary robotic arm technologies, and the installation of "smart grid" technologies on electric power networks. We have developed strong strategic alliances with numerous customers and strive to develop and maintain our status as a preferred vendor to our customers. The oil and gas infrastructure services segment provides comprehensive network solutions to customers involved in the development and transportation of natural gas, oil, and other pipeline products. Services performed by this segment generally include the design, installation, repair, and maintenance of pipeline transmission and distribution systems, gathering systems, production systems, storage systems, and compressor and pump stations. We also serve the offshore and inland water energy markets, primarily providing services to oil and gas exploration platforms. Our industry can be highly cyclical, and our volume of business may be adversely affected by declines or delays in new projects due to cyclicality, which may vary by geographic region. The timing of project awards and unanticipated changes in project schedules can create variations in the level of operating activity from quarter to quarter. We continue to evaluate opportunities for strategic acquisitions that may require cash, as well as opportunities to make investments in customer-sponsored projects where we anticipate performing services such as project management, engineering, procurement, or construction services. We believe that our overall size and breadth of service offerings provide competitive advantages that allow us to leverage opportunities that arise in connection with the development and production of resources from North American unconventional shale formations, the Canadian oil sands, and coal seam gas and unconventional shale formations in Australia. We also believe that our financial strength, entrepreneurial operating model, and experienced management team are attractive to acquisition candidates. We believe that changing regulations, industry trends, and the increasing size of energy infrastructure projects and programs are creating and will continue to create opportunities, and our ability to selectively partner with customers is a competitive advantage.