We pursue consistent and sustainable growth in earnings and cash flow by emphasizing continuous improvement in the operating performance of our existing businesses and by acquiring other carefully selected businesses. Our acquisitions have represented both additions to existing businesses and new strategic platforms, which have expanded and complemented our existing technologies. The increase in cash provided by operating activities in 2016 was primarily due to increased earnings net of non-cash charges and higher deferred revenue balances due to an increased percentage of revenue from software and other subscription-based products. The development of accounting estimates is the responsibility of our management, which discusses those areas that require significant judgments with the audit committee of our board of directors. Our management has reviewed all financial disclosures in our annual filings with the SEC. The increase in orders was due to orders from acquisitions which added 8%, organic growth of 3%, and a 1% negative foreign exchange impact. We believe that internally generated cash flows and the remaining availability under our credit facility will be adequate to finance normal operating requirements and future acquisition activities. We expect existing cash and cash equivalents, cash generated by our U.S. operations, our unsecured credit facility, as well as our expected ability to access the capital markets, will be sufficient to fund operating requirements in the U.S. for the foreseeable future. We regularly compare inventory quantities on hand against anticipated future usage, which we determine as a function of historical usage or forecasts related to specific items in order to evaluate obsolescence and excessive quantities. The assessment of fair value for impairment purposes requires significant judgments to be made by management. The increase in backlog was due to acquisitions which added 37% and internal growth of 10%. The increase in organic sales was due to increased sales in our medical businesses, led by NDI and Verathon. Our effective income tax rate was 30.0%, which was 60 basis points lower than the 2015 rate of 30.6%. We may also explore alternatives to attract additional capital resources. The increase was due primarily to increased equity compensation costs as a result of both an increase in the number of shares granted in the current year and increases in our common stock price and increased costs related to acquisitions. We account for goodwill in a purchase business combination as the excess of the cost over the estimated fair value of net assets acquired. The total debt was $6.2 billion at December 31, 2016, compared to $3.3 billion at December 31, 2015. We have 33 reporting units with individual goodwill amounts ranging from zero to $2.2 billion. The increase in cash provided by operating activities in 2015 was due to increased earnings net of intangible amortization related to acquisitions. We evaluate whether there has been an impairment of identifiable intangible assets with definite useful economic lives, or of the remaining life of such assets, when certain indicators of impairment are present. The preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires the use of estimates, assumptions, judgments, and interpretations that can affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses. Our management discusses those areas that require significant judgments with the audit committee of our board of directors. The increase in cash provided by operating activities in 2016 was primarily due to increased earnings net of non-cash charges and higher deferred revenue balances due to an increased percentage of revenue from software and other subscription-based products. We expect capital expenditures as a percentage of sales to be between 1.0% and 1.5% of annual net sales.