Our primary ongoing cash requirements are for merchandise inventory purchases, payroll, rent, taxes, and capital expenditures in connection with new and existing stores, and investments in distribution centers, information systems, and buying and corporate offices. Our capital expenditures include costs to build, expand, and improve distribution centers, open new stores and improve existing stores, and for various other expenditures related to our information technology systems, buying, and corporate offices. We are forecasting approximately $400 million in capital expenditures for fiscal year 2017 to fund costs for fixtures and leasehold improvements to open new Ross and dd's discounts stores, the upgrade or relocation of existing stores, investments in information technology systems, and for various other expenditures related to our stores, distribution centers, buying and corporate offices. We continually evaluate opportunistic real estate acquisitions and opportunities for potential new store locations. We also evaluate our current store locations and determine store closures based on similar criteria. Our expansion strategy is to open additional stores based on market penetration, local demographic characteristics, competition, expected store profitability, and the ability to leverage overhead expenses. We intend to address the competitive climate for off-price apparel and home goods by pursuing and refining our existing strategies and by continuing to strengthen our organization, diversify our merchandise mix, and more fully develop our systems to improve regional and local merchandise offerings. The increase in cash flow from operating activities in 2016 compared to fiscal 2015 was primarily driven by higher earnings, the timing of receipts and related payments versus last year, and by higher income taxes payable. The timing of merchandise receipts and related payments versus last year resulted in higher accounts payable leverage. We expect to continue to take advantage of packaway inventory opportunities to maximize our ability to deliver bargains to our customers. The decrease in cash used for investing activities in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014 was primarily due to a reduction in our capital expenditures. The decrease in capital expenditures in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015 was primarily due to the completion in 2015 of the rollout of new point of sale equipment in our stores and construction of a distribution center. We opened 93, 90, and 95 new stores in fiscal 2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively. Our capital expenditures over the last three years are set forth in the table below: total capital expenditures $297.9 million, $367.0 million, and $646.7 million. We regularly review the adequacy of credit available to us from all sources and expect to be able to maintain adequate trade credit, bank lines, and other credit sources to meet our capital and liquidity requirements, including lease payment obligations, in 2017. We entered into a new $600 million unsecured revolving credit facility, which replaced our previous $600 million unsecured revolving credit facility. We estimate that existing cash balances, cash flows from operations, bank credit lines, and trade credit are adequate to meet our operating cash needs and to fund our planned capital investments, common stock repurchases, and quarterly dividend payments for at least the next twelve months. We have a $97.5 million liability for unrecognized tax benefits that is included in other long-term liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. Our merchandise inventory includes acquisition, processing, and storage costs related to packaway inventory. The aging of packaway varies by merchandise category and seasonality of purchase, but typically packaway remains in storage less than six months. The shortage reserve is based on historical shortage rates as evaluated through our annual physical merchandise inventory counts and cycle counts. If actual market conditions, markdowns, or shortage are less favorable than those projected by us, or if sales of the merchandise inventory are more difficult than anticipated, additional merchandise inventory write-downs may be required.