In January 2016, we realigned our field support functions by combining our three regions into two field groups, consolidating our areas and streamlining select operational support roles at our Phoenix headquarters. Additionally, in the second quarter, we began the redesign of our back-office functions as well as the consolidation of over 100 customer service locations into three customer resource centers. The savings realized from these restructuring efforts will be reinvested in our customer-focused programs and initiatives. During 2016, we incurred $40.7 million of restructuring charges that consisted of severance and other employee termination benefits, relocation benefits, and the closure of offices with lease agreements with non-cancelable terms. Our definition of adjusted pre-tax income, adjusted net income - Republic, and adjusted diluted earnings per share may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies. We strive to have a number one or number two market position in each of the markets we serve, or have a clear path on how we will achieve a leading market position over time. In situations where we cannot establish a leading market position, or where operations are not generating acceptable returns, we may decide to divest certain assets and reallocate resources to other markets. We are committed to an efficient capital structure, maintaining our investment grade credit ratings and increasing cash returns to our shareholders. Our team remains focused on executing our strategy to deliver consistent earnings and free cash flow growth, and improve return on invested capital. We believe that presenting free cash flow provides useful information regarding our recurring cash provided by operating activities after expenditures for property and equipment received, plus proceeds from sales of property and equipment. We also measure changes in average yield and core price as a percentage of related-business revenue to determine the effectiveness of our pricing strategies. Our revenue from energy services consists mainly of fees we charge for the treatment of liquid and solid waste derived from the production of oil and natural gas. We integrate our recycling operations with our collection operations and obtain revenue from the sale of recycled commodities. Our revenue from national accounts represents the portion of revenue generated from nationwide or regional contracts in markets outside our operating areas where the associated waste handling services are subcontracted to local operators. Consequently, substantially all of this revenue is offset with related subcontract costs, which are recorded in cost of operations. We expect to incur additional charges related to our field realignment, the consolidation of our customer service locations, and the redesign of our back-office functions. Our operating segments, which also represent our reporting units, are comprised of several vertically integrated businesses. When an individual business within an integrated operating segment is divested, goodwill is allocated to that business based on its fair value relative to the fair value of its operating segment. We have not reduced the liabilities we have recorded for recoveries from other potentially responsible parties or insurance companies. We account for this investment using the equity method of accounting and recognize our share of income or loss and other reductions in the value of our investment in "loss from unconsolidated equity method investment" within our consolidated statements of income. We may also explore opportunities in the capital markets to fund redemptions should market conditions be favorable. We use cash flows from operations to fund capital expenditures, acquisitions, dividend payments, share repurchases, and debt repayments.