Management believes that strong client momentum continued as the company's innovative, full-service model resonated with clients and drove growth during the year. The company expanded client assets by 11% during an environment that had periods of marked volatility, but ultimately included improving economic conditions. Strong net revenue growth provided room for increased investment in people and technology, resulting in a 9% expense growth for 2016. This increase allowed for a 780 basis point gap between net revenue and expense growth and a pre-tax profit margin of 40.0% in 2016. The company has invested the cash from the growth in bank deposits and from recent short-term borrowings in investment securities. The company's operations are highly dependent on the integrity and resiliency of its critical business functions and technology systems. The company has designed and implemented an information security program that knits together complementary tools, controls, and technologies to protect systems, client accounts, and data. The company continuously monitors the systems and works collaboratively with government agencies, law enforcement, and other financial institutions to address potential threats. The company uses advanced monitoring systems to identify suspicious activity and deter unauthorized access by internal or external actors. The company manages its exposure to external vendor risk through contractual provisions, control standards, and ongoing monitoring of vendor performance. The company maintains policies and procedures regarding the standard of care expected with company data, whether the data is internal company information, employee information, or non-public client information. The company has established liquidity policies to support the successful execution of its business strategies while ensuring ongoing and sufficient liquidity to meet its operational needs and satisfy applicable regulatory requirements under both normal and stress conditions. The company seeks to maintain client confidence in its balance sheet and the safety of client assets by maintaining liquidity and diversity of funding sources to allow the company to meet its obligations. The company has established limits and contingency funding scenarios to support liquidity levels during both expected and stressed scenarios. The company conducts regular liquidity stress testing to develop a consolidated view of liquidity risk exposures and to ensure the company's ability to maintain sufficient liquidity during market-related or company-specific liquidity stress events. The company has a comprehensive risk management program to identify and manage these risks and their associated potential for financial and reputational impact. The company has established a policy to describe the roles and responsibilities of all key stakeholders in model development, management, and use. The company has established policies and procedures to identify and manage operational risk, and uses periodic risk and control self-assessments, control testing programs, and internal audit reviews to evaluate the effectiveness of these internal controls. The company has positioned itself to benefit from an increase in interest rates, especially short-term interest rates, by managing the duration of interest-earning assets to be shorter than that of interest-bearing liabilities, so that asset yields will move faster than liability costs. The company monitors and responds to changes in the balance sheet to keep its interest-rate sensitivity within established limits. The company believes that metrics relating to net new and total client assets, as well as client cash levels and utilization of advisory services, offer perspective on the company's business momentum and client engagement.