The following discussion may contain predictions, estimates, and other forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties, including those discussed under the heading entitled "risk factors." Our business strategy is made up of two key elements: a value-driven operating strategy focused around our three core value drivers and a selective acquisition strategy. We attempt to obtain profitable new business by using our technical expertise and application skill and our detailed knowledge of our customer base and the individual niche markets in which we operate. We have regularly been successful in identifying and developing both aftermarket and OEM products to drive our growth. Our selective acquisition strategy has also contributed to the growth of our business. The integration of certain acquisitions into our existing businesses combined with implementing our proven operating strategy has historically resulted in improvements in the financial performance of the acquired business. We believe that our diversified revenue base reduces our dependence on any particular product, platform, or market channel and has been a significant factor in maintaining our financial performance. We expect to continue to develop new products for military and commercial applications. Our management team has significant experience in executing acquisitions and integrating acquired businesses into our company and culture. The aerospace industry remains highly fragmented, with many of the companies in the industry being small private businesses or small non-core operations of larger businesses. We have a history of making reasonably dependable estimates of allowances for doubtful accounts based on the aging of accounts receivable and customer creditworthiness. The allowance also incorporates a provision for the estimated impact of disputes with customers. Management estimates the allowance for doubtful accounts based on historical results modified, as appropriate, by the most current information available. The determination of the amount of the allowance for doubtful accounts is subject to significant levels of judgment and estimation by management. The company expects its capital expenditures in fiscal year 2017 to be between $85 million and $90 million. The company's capital expenditures incurred from year to year are primarily for projects that are consistent with our three core value-driven operating strategies. The company generated $668.9 million of net cash from operating activities during fiscal 2016 compared to $520.9 million during fiscal 2015, a net increase of $148.0 million. The increase is primarily attributable to a $139.2 million increase in income from operations. The increase in interest payments is attributable to timing differences of the payments and the increase in principal from the June 2016 and May 2015 debt financing activities. The increase in income tax payments is attributable to higher income before income taxes and lower excess tax benefits on share-based payment arrangements compared to fiscal 2015. The company may need to refinance all or a portion of its indebtedness on or before maturity. The company's ability to make scheduled interest payments on, or to refinance, the company's indebtedness, or to fund non-acquisition related capital expenditures and research and development efforts, will depend on the company's ability to generate cash in the future. This is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory, and other factors that are beyond its control. The company regularly engages in discussions with respect to potential acquisitions and investments. However, there can be no assurance that the company will be able to consummate an agreement with respect to any future acquisition. The company's acquisition strategy may require substantial capital, and no assurance can be given that the company will be able to raise any necessary funds on acceptable terms or at all.