We continue to strengthen our infrastructure in support of our continuing growth, and we implemented the second phase of our wage initiative to raise wages for U.S. hourly store associates. Our consolidated average per store inventories, including inventory on hand at our distribution centers, were down 5% at the end of fiscal 2017 as compared to the prior year. We expect our capital expenditures in fiscal 2018 will be approximately $1.2 billion, including approximately $600 million for our offices and distribution centers to support growth, approximately $350 million for store renovations, and approximately $250 million for new stores. We plan to fund these expenditures through internally generated funds. Our e-commerce businesses operate at lower profit margins, and we incurred additional costs as we continue to transition this business to a more fully off-price model and to adjust its merchandise mix. We evaluate the performance of our segments based on "segment profit or loss," which we define as pre-tax income or loss before general corporate expense, loss on early extinguishment of debt, the pension settlement charge, and interest expense. The increase in this ratio in fiscal 2017 was primarily due to a combination of higher employee payroll costs, due to wage increases, investments to support our growth, and supply chain costs. The decline in merchandise margin was primarily due to transactional foreign exchange as the year-over-year changes in currency exchange rates increased TJX Canada's cost of merchandise purchased in U.S. dollars. Our segment profit margin decreased 0.1 percentage point to 13.0% in fiscal 2017, driven by a decrease in merchandise margin and higher supply chain and distribution center costs. We continue to transition STP from a promotional model to the off-price model and expand its store base. The increase in same store sales for fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016 was primarily due to an increase in customer traffic. The increase in fiscal 2017 reflected a 6% increase from same store sales and a 6% increase from new store sales. Segment profit margin for fiscal 2017 was 13.9% compared to 14.0% for fiscal 2016. The increase in same store sales growth at Marmaxx for fiscal 2017 was primarily due to an increase in customer traffic. We classify a store as a new store until it meets the same store sales criteria. We also plan on launching a new U.S. home concept, with the first few stores opening later in fiscal 2018. We define same store sales to be sales of those stores that have been in operation for all or a portion of two consecutive fiscal years. The sales of our e-commerce businesses are not included in same store sales. We determine which stores are included in the same store sales calculation at the beginning of a fiscal year. We have no current plans to repatriate cash balances held by such foreign subsidiaries. Our stock repurchase programs, which reduce our weighted average diluted shares outstanding, benefited our earnings per share growth by approximately 3% in each fiscal year. We repurchased 22.3 million shares of our stock at a cost of $1.7 billion during fiscal 2017. We have provided for deferred U.S. taxes on all undistributed earnings of our subsidiaries in Canada, Puerto Rico, Italy, India, and Hong Kong. We believe our existing cash and cash equivalents, internally generated funds, and our credit facilities are more than adequate to meet our operating needs over the next fiscal year. The increase in general corporate expense for fiscal 2017 is driven by continued investments in corporate systems and technology along with increases in compensation, benefits, and professional services.