The company invests with leading seniors housing operators, post-acute providers, and health systems to fund the real estate and infrastructure needed to scale innovative care delivery models and improve people's wellness and overall health care experience. Our capital programs, when combined with comprehensive planning, development, and property management services, make us a single-source solution for acquiring, planning, developing, managing, repositioning, and monetizing real estate assets. To mitigate risks, we monitor our investments through a variety of methods determined by the type of property. Our proactive and comprehensive asset management process generally includes review of monthly financial statements and other operating data for each property, review of obligor/partner creditworthiness, property inspections, and review of covenant compliance relating to licensure, real estate taxes, letters of credit, and other collateral. In monitoring our portfolio, our personnel use a proprietary database to collect and analyze property-specific data. Additionally, we conduct extensive research to ascertain industry trends and evaluate the operating environment in each property's market to determine the likely trend in operating performance of the facility. When we identify unacceptable trends, we seek to mitigate, eliminate, or transfer the risk. Through these efforts, we are generally able to intervene at an early stage to address any negative trends, supporting both the collectability of revenue and the value of our investment. Our investments generate cash from net operating income and principal payments on loans receivable. We utilize several key performance indicators to evaluate the various aspects of our business, which relate to operating performance, credit strength, and concentration risk. Management uses these key performance indicators to facilitate internal and external comparisons to our historical operating results, in making operating decisions and for budget planning purposes. Our ability to achieve our financial objectives is dependent upon our ability to effectively execute strategic and tactical plans designed to improve performance and maximize our competitive position. We believe that net income attributable to common stockholders is the most appropriate earnings measure. Other useful supplemental measures of our operating performance include funds from operations attributable to common stockholders, net operating income from continuing operations, and same store net operating income. We believe these measures provide relevant and useful information because they measure the operating performance of our properties at the property level on an unleveraged basis. We use these financial measures to facilitate internal and external comparisons to our historical operating results and in making operating decisions. Our corporate governance guidelines provide the framework for our business operations and emphasize our commitment to increase stockholder value while meeting all applicable legal requirements. The fluctuations in revenues and property operating expenses are primarily a result of acquisitions and the movement of U.S. and foreign currency exchange rates. The increase in other income is primarily a result of insurance proceeds received relating to a property as well as a bargain purchase gain recognized in conjunction with a single property acquisition. Our ability to grow may be adversely affected during inflationary periods, as the yield on new investments may increase at a slower rate than new borrowing costs.