Our company's goals are targeted at serving our customers, our employees, the environment, the communities in which we work, and our stockholders. We believe we are uniquely equipped to meet the challenges of the changing waste industry and our customers' waste management needs, both today and as we work together to envision and create a more sustainable future. Our fundamental strategy has not changed; we remain dedicated to providing long-term value to our stockholders by successfully executing our core strategy of focused differentiation and continuous improvement, with the current state of our strategy taking into account economic conditions, the regulatory environment, asset and resource availability, and current technology. We believe that focused differentiation in our industry, driven by capitalizing on our extensive, well-placed network of assets, will deliver profitable growth and competitive advantages. Simultaneously, we believe the combination of cost control, process improvement, and operational efficiency will deliver on the company's strategy of continuous improvement and yield an attractive total cost structure and enhanced service quality. While we will continue to monitor emerging diversion technologies that may generate additional value and related market dynamics, our current attention will be on improving existing diversion technologies, such as our recycling operations. Our commitment to executing on our strategies of disciplined profitable volume growth and controlling costs, through focused differentiation and continuous improvement, drove these impressive results in 2016 and have built a strong foundation to produce solid earnings and generate further growth in 2017. Our 2016 results were affected by the recognition of pre-tax charges aggregating to $151 million, primarily related to impairment charges due to a loss of expected volumes for a landfill and charges to adjust our subsidiary's estimated environmental remediation liability related to a closed site. The recognition of a pre-tax loss of $555 million was primarily related to the early extinguishment of almost $2 billion of our high-coupon senior notes through make-whole redemption and cash tender offers. Our operating expenses increased $255 million, or 3.1%, when comparing 2016 with 2015, driven by higher labor and related benefits due to merit increases, additional costs associated with acquired operations, and health and welfare cost increases. We used $1,339 million during 2016 for capital expenditures, compared with $1,233 million in 2015. The increase in our capital expenditures in both years is generally the result of additional spending on new business opportunities and acquisitions, growth in our existing business, and asset replacement timing. We continue to focus on accretive acquisitions and growth opportunities that will enhance and expand our existing service offerings. Our spending on acquisitions was $611 million in 2016, primarily for certain operations and business assets of southern waste systems. We believe that our IT capabilities, which encompass the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes, are critical in supporting our business strategies and enhancing operational efficiency. The ability to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources, in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities, is essential for transforming our firm into a competitive force. Our IT governance and management capabilities are integral to our strategic resource allocation and operational flexibility, enabling us to respond effectively to market dynamics and consumer demands while ensuring compliance with regulatory contexts.