We focus on consistently attracting new business by providing highly reliable service to our customers and investing in growing markets, including the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, the Marcellus shale, the Gulf Coast region, and areas of increasing natural gas demand. Our ongoing strategy is to safely and reliably operate large-scale, interstate natural gas transmission and midstream infrastructures where our assets can be fully utilized and drive low per-unit costs. The combination of these measures will improve WPZ's cost of capital, provide for debt reduction, and eliminate WPZ's need to access the public equity markets for several years. We expect to increase our dividend to $0.30 per share, or $1.20 annually, beginning in the first quarter of 2017. Our business plan also includes previously discussed asset monetizations, which include our ownership interest in the Geismar olefins facility as well as other select assets that are not core to our strategy. The monetizations are expected to yield after-tax proceeds of greater than $2.0 billion. We retain the flexibility to adjust planned levels of capital and investment expenditures in response to changes in economic conditions or business opportunities. Our growth capital and investment expenditures in 2017 are expected to total $2.1 billion to $2.8 billion. Approximately $1.4 billion to $1.9 billion of our growth capital funding needs include Transco expansions and other interstate pipeline growth projects, most of which are fully contracted with firm transportation agreements. The remaining growth capital spending in 2017 primarily reflects investment in gathering and processing systems in the Northeast region limited primarily to known new producer volumes, including volumes that support Transco expansion projects including our Atlantic Sunrise project. We expect overall gathering and processing volumes to remain steady in 2017 and increase thereafter to meet the growing demand for natural gas and natural gas products. Our strategy is to provide large-scale energy infrastructure designed to maximize the opportunities created by the vast supply of natural gas and natural gas products that exists in the United States. We accomplish this by connecting the growing demand for cleaner fuels and feedstocks with our major positions in the premier natural gas and natural gas products supply basins. We believe that accomplishing these goals will position us to deliver safe and reliable service to our customers and an attractive return to our shareholders. Our internal and external sources of consolidated liquidity to fund working capital requirements, capital and investment expenditures, debt service payments, dividends and distributions, and tax payments include distributions from our equity-method investees based on our level of ownership, use of our credit facility, and cash proceeds from issuances of debt and/or equity securities. We are monitoring the rule's implementation as the reduction will trigger additional federal and state regulatory actions that may impact our operations. We are unable at this time to estimate with any certainty the cost of additions that may be required to meet the regulations. We expect to benefit as continued growth in demand for low-cost natural gas is driven by increases in LNG exports, industrial demand, and power generation. The increase in service revenues is primarily due to additional revenues associated with a full year of ACMP operations in 2015, increased revenues associated with the start-up of operations at Gulfstar One during the fourth quarter of 2014, and an increase in Transco's natural gas transportation fees due to new projects placed in service in 2014 and 2015.