item 1a.    risk factors our operations involve various risks that could have adverse consequences, including those described below. this item 1a. includes forward-looking statements. you should refer to our discussion of the qualifications and limitations on forward-looking statements in this form 10-k.
development, redevelopment, construction and operating risks could affect our profitability.
we intend to continue to develop and redevelop apartment home communities. these activities can include long planning and entitlement timelines and can involve complex and costly activities, including significant environmental remediation or construction work in high-density urban areas. these activities may be exposed to the following risks:
•   we may abandon opportunities that we have already begun to explore for a number of reasons, including changes in local market conditions or increases in construction or financing costs, and, as a result, we may fail to recover expenses already incurred in exploring those opportunities;
•   occupancy rates and rents at a community may fail to meet our original expectations for a number of reasons, including changes in market and economic conditions beyond our control and the development by competitors of competing communities;
•   we may be unable to obtain, or experience delays in obtaining, necessary zoning, occupancy or other required governmental or third party permits and authorizations, which could result in increased costs or the delay or abandonment of opportunities;
•   we may incur costs that exceed our original estimates due to increased material, labor or other costs;
•   we may be unable to complete construction and lease-up of a community on schedule, resulting in increased construction and financing costs and a decrease in expected rental revenues;
•   we may be unable to obtain financing with favorable terms, or at all, for the proposed development of a community, which may cause us to delay or abandon an opportunity;
•   we may incur liabilities to third parties during the development process, for example, in connection with managing existing improvements on the site prior to tenant terminations and demolition (such as commercial space) or in connection with providing services to third parties (such as the construction of shared infrastructure or other improvements); and
•   we may incur liability if our communities are not constructed and operated in compliance with the accessibility provisions of the americans with disabilities acts, the fair housing act or other federal, state or local requirements. noncompliance could result in imposition of fines, an award of damages to private litigants and a requirement that we undertake structural modifications to remedy the noncompliance.
we estimate construction costs based on market conditions at the time we prepare our budgets, and our projections include changes that we anticipate but cannot predict with certainty. construction costs may increase, particularly for labor and certain materials and, for some of our development communities and development rights (as defined below), the total construction costs may be higher than the original budget. total capitalized cost includes all capitalized costs incurred and projected to be incurred to develop or redevelop a community, determined in accordance with gaap, including:
•   land and/or property acquisition costs;
•   construction or reconstruction costs;
•   costs of environmental remediation;
•   capitalized interest and insurance;
•   permits;
•   allocated development or redevelopment overhead; and
•   other regulatory fees.
costs to redevelop communities that have been acquired have, in some cases, exceeded our original estimates and similar increases in costs may be experienced in the future. we cannot assure you that market rents in effect at the time new development or redevelopment communities complete lease-up will be sufficient to fully offset the effects of any increased construction or reconstruction costs.
the construction and maintenance of our communities include a risk of major casualty events that could materially damage our property and the property of others and pose the risk of personal injury. while we carry insurance for such risks in amounts we deem reasonable, we cannot assure that such insurance will be adequate, and when we have incurred and in the future may incur such casualties, we are subject to losses on account of deductibles and self-insured amounts in any event. such casualties may also expose us in the future to higher insurance premiums, greater construction or operating costs (either voluntarily assumed by us or as a result of new local regulations) and risks to our reputation among prospective residents or municipalities from which we may seek approvals in the future, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and our financial condition and results of operations.
unfavorable changes in market and economic conditions could adversely affect occupancy, rental rates, operating expenses and the overall market value of our real estate assets.
local conditions in our markets significantly affect occupancy, rental rates and the operating performance of our communities. the risks that may adversely affect conditions in those markets include the following:
•   corporate restructurings and/or layoffs, industry slowdowns and other factors that adversely affect the local economy;
•   an oversupply of, or a reduced demand for, apartment homes;
•   a decline in household formation or employment or lack of employment growth;
•   the inability or unwillingness of residents to pay rent increases;
•   rent control or rent stabilization laws, or other laws regulating housing, that could prevent us from raising rents sufficiently to offset increases in operating costs; and
•   economic conditions that could cause an increase in our operating expenses, such as increases in property taxes, utilities, compensation of on-site associates and routine maintenance.
rent control and other changes in applicable laws, or noncompliance with applicable laws, could adversely affect our operations or expose us to liability.
we must develop, construct and operate our communities in compliance with numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations, some of which may conflict with one another or be subject to limited judicial or regulatory interpretations. these laws and regulations may include zoning laws, building codes, landlord/tenant laws and other laws generally applicable to business operations. noncompliance with laws could expose us to liability.
lower revenue growth or significant unanticipated expenditures may result from our need to comply with changes in (i) laws imposing remediation requirements and the potential liability for environmental conditions existing on properties or the restrictions on discharges or other conditions, (ii) rent control or rent stabilization laws or other residential landlord/tenant laws or (iii) other governmental rules and regulations or enforcement policies affecting the development, use and operation of our communities, including changes to building codes and fire and life-safety codes.
we have seen a recent increase in municipalities implementing, considering or being urged by advocacy groups to consider rent control or rent stabilization laws and regulations or take other actions that could limit our ability to raise rents based solely on market conditions. for example, in 2016 in mountain view, california, the voters passed a referendum that limits rent increases on existing tenants (but not on new move-ins) in communities built before 1995. these initiatives and any other future enactments of rent control or rent stabilization laws or other laws regulating multi-family housing, as well as any lawsuits against the company arising from such rent control or other laws, may reduce rental revenues or increase operating costs. such laws and regulations may limit our ability to charge market rents, increase rents, evict tenants or recover increases in our operating expenses and could make it more difficult for us to dispose of properties in certain circumstances. expenses associated with our investment in these communities, such as debt service, real estate taxes, insurance and maintenance costs, are generally not reduced when circumstances cause a reduction in rental income from the community.
short-term leases expose us to the effects of declining market rents.
substantially all of our apartment leases are for a term of one year or less. because these leases generally permit the residents to leave at the end of the lease term without penalty, our rental revenues are impacted by declines in market rents more quickly than if our leases were for longer terms.
competition could limit our ability to lease apartment homes or increase or maintain rents.
our apartment communities compete with other housing alternatives to attract residents, including other rental apartments, condominiums and single-family homes that are available for rent, as well as new and existing condominiums and single-family homes for sale. competitive residential housing in a particular area could adversely affect our ability to lease apartment homes and to increase or maintain rental rates.
attractive investment opportunities may not be available, which could adversely affect our profitability.
we expect that other real estate investors, including insurance companies, pension and investment funds, other reits and other well-capitalized investors, will compete with us to acquire existing properties and to develop new properties. this competition could increase prices for properties of the type we would likely pursue and adversely affect our profitability for new investments.
capital and credit market conditions may adversely affect our access to various sources of capital and/or the cost of capital, which could impact our business activities, dividends, earnings and common stock price, among other things.
in periods when the capital and credit markets experience significant volatility, the amounts, sources and cost of capital available to us may be adversely affected. we primarily use external financing to fund construction and to refinance indebtedness as it matures. if sufficient sources of external financing are not available to us on cost effective terms, we could be forced to limit our development and redevelopment activity and/or take other actions to fund our business activities and repayment of debt, such as selling assets, reducing our cash dividend or paying out less than 100% of our taxable income. to the extent that we are able and/or choose to access capital at a higher cost than we have experienced in recent years (reflected in higher interest rates for debt financing or a lower stock price for equity financing), absent changes in other factors, our earnings per share and cash flows could be adversely affected. in addition, the price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly and/or decline in a high interest rate or volatile economic environment. we believe that the lenders under our credit facility will fulfill their lending obligations thereunder, but if economic conditions deteriorate, there can be no assurance that the ability of those lenders to fulfill their obligations would not be adversely impacted.
we are subject to the risks associated with debt financing, including the risk that our available cash will be insufficient to meet required payments of principal and interest on our debt. in this regard, in order for us to continue to qualify as a reit, we are required to annually distribute dividends generally equal to at least 90% of our reit taxable income, computed without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding any net capital gain. this requirement limits the amount of our cash flow available to meet required principal and interest payments. the principal outstanding balance on a portion of our debt will not be fully amortized prior to its maturity. although we may be able to repay our debt by using our cash flows, we cannot assure you that we will have sufficient cash flows available to make all required principal payments. therefore, we may need to refinance at least a portion of our outstanding debt as it matures. there is a risk that we may not be able to refinance existing debt or that a refinancing will not be done on as favorable terms; either of these outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
rising interest rates could increase interest costs and could affect the market price of our common stock, and efforts to hedge such risk could be ineffective and cause us to incur costs.
we currently have, and may in the future incur, contractual variable interest rate debt. in addition, we regularly seek access to both fixed and variable rate debt financing to repay maturing debt and to finance our development and redevelopment activity. accordingly, if interest rates increase, our interest costs will also rise, unless we have made arrangements that hedge the risk of rising interest rates. in addition, an increase in market interest rates may lead purchasers of our common stock to demand a greater annual dividend yield, which could adversely affect the market price of our common stock.
from time to time we use interest rate derivatives to hedge and manage our exposure to certain interest rate risks. for example, from time to time, when we anticipate issuing debt securities, we may seek to limit our exposure to fluctuations in interest rates during the period prior to issuance of the securities by entering into interest rate hedging contracts. although these agreements may partially protect against rising interest rates, they also may reduce the benefits to the company if interest rates decline. the settlement of interest rate hedging contracts has involved and may in the future involve material charges to our earnings. in addition, our use of interest rate hedging arrangements may expose us to additional risks, including a risk that a counterparty to a hedging arrangement may fail to honor its obligations. developing and implementing an effective interest rate risk strategy is complex and no strategy can completely insulate us from risks associated with interest rate fluctuations. there can be no assurance that our
hedging activities will be effective. termination of these hedging agreements may involve net costs, such as transaction fees, settlement costs and/or breakage costs.
bond financing and zoning and other compliance requirements could limit our income, restrict the use of communities and cause favorable financing to become unavailable.
we have financed some of our apartment communities with obligations issued by local government agencies because the interest paid to the holders of this debt is generally exempt from federal income taxes and, therefore, the interest rate is generally more favorable to us. these obligations are commonly referred to as "tax-exempt bonds" and generally must be secured by mortgages on our communities. as a condition to obtaining tax-exempt financing, or on occasion as a condition to obtaining favorable zoning or an agreement relating to property taxes in some jurisdictions, we will commit to make some of the apartments in a community available to households whose income does not exceed certain thresholds (e.g., 50% or 80% of area median income), or who meet other qualifying tests. as of december 31, 2018, 5.2% of our apartment homes at current operating communities were under income limitations such as these. these commitments, which may run without expiration or may expire after a period of time (such as 15 or 20 years), may limit our ability to raise rents and, as a consequence, may also adversely affect the value of the communities subject to these restrictions. in addition, if we fail to observe these commitments, we could lose benefits (such as reduced property taxes) or face liabilities including liability for the benefits we received under tax exempt bonds or agreements related to property taxes.
in addition, some of our tax-exempt bond financing documents require us to obtain a guarantee from a financial institution of payment of the principal of, and interest on, the bonds. the guarantee may take the form of a letter of credit, surety bond, guarantee agreement or other additional collateral. if the financial institution defaults in its guarantee obligations, or if we are unable to renew the applicable guarantee or otherwise post satisfactory collateral, a default will occur under the applicable tax-exempt bonds and the community could be foreclosed upon if we do not redeem the bonds.
we have a credit facility with a syndicate of commercial banks. our organizational documents do not limit the amount or percentage of indebtedness that may be incurred. accordingly, subject to compliance with outstanding debt covenants, we could incur more debt, resulting in an increased risk of default on our obligations and an increase in debt service requirements that could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
the mortgages on properties that are subject to secured debt, our credit facility and the indenture under which a substantial portion of our debt was issued contain customary restrictions, requirements and other limitations, as well as certain financial and operating covenants including maintenance of certain financial ratios. maintaining compliance with these restrictions could limit our flexibility. a default in these requirements, if uncured, could result in a requirement that we repay indebtedness, which could materially adversely affect our liquidity and increase our financing costs. refer to item 7. "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" for further discussion.
the mortgages on properties that are subject to secured debt generally include provisions which stipulate a prepayment penalty or payment that we will be obligated to pay in the event that we elect to repay the mortgage note prior to the earlier of (i) the stated maturity of the note or (ii) the date at which the mortgage note is prepayable without such penalty or payment. if we elect to repay some or all of the outstanding principal balance for our mortgage notes, we may incur prepayment penalties or payments under these provisions which could materially adversely affect our results of operations.
failure to maintain our current credit ratings could adversely affect our cost of funds, related margins, liquidity and access to capital markets.
there are two major debt rating agencies that routinely evaluate and rate our debt. their ratings are based on a number of factors, which include their assessment of our financial strength, liquidity, capital structure, asset quality, amount of real estate under development, and sustainability of cash flow and earnings, among other factors. if market conditions change, we may not be able to maintain our current credit ratings, which could adversely affect our cost of funds and related margins, liquidity and access to capital markets.
debt financing may not be available and equity issuances could be dilutive to our stockholders.
our ability to execute our business strategy depends on our access to cost effective debt and equity financing. debt financing may not be available in sufficient amounts or on favorable terms. if we issue additional equity securities, the interests of existing stockholders could be diluted.
failure to generate sufficient revenue or other liquidity needs could limit cash flow available for distributions to stockholders.
a decrease in rental revenue, or liquidity needs such as the repayment of indebtedness or funding of our development activities, could have an adverse effect on our ability to pay distributions to our stockholders. significant expenditures associated with each community such as debt service payments, if any, real estate taxes, insurance and maintenance costs are generally not reduced when circumstances cause a reduction in income from a community.
the form, timing and/or amount of dividend distributions in future periods may vary and be impacted by economic and other considerations.
the form, timing and/or amount of dividend distributions will be declared at the discretion of the board of directors and will depend on actual cash from operations, our financial condition, capital requirements, the annual distribution requirements under the reit provisions of the code and other factors as the board of directors may consider relevant. the board of directors may modify our dividend policy from time to time.
we may distribute taxable dividends that are payable in part in our stock. taxable stockholders receiving such dividends will be required to include the full amount of the dividend as income to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits for federal income tax purposes. as a result, a u.s. stockholder may be required to pay tax with respect to such dividends in excess of the cash dividend received. if a u.s. stockholder sells the stock it receives as a dividend in order to pay this tax, the sales proceeds may be less than the amount included in income with respect to the dividend, depending on the market price of our stock at the time of the sale. furthermore, with respect to non-u.s. stockholders, we may be required to withhold u.s. tax with respect to such dividends, including in respect of all or a portion of such dividend that is payable in stock. in addition, the trading price of our stock would experience downward pressure if a significant number of our stockholders sell shares of our stock in order to pay taxes owed on dividends.
we may experience regulatory or economic barriers to selling apartment communities that could limit liquidity and financial flexibility.
potential difficulties in selling real estate in our markets may limit our ability to change or reduce the apartment communities in our portfolio promptly in response to changes in economic or other conditions. federal tax laws may limit our ability to earn a gain on the sale of a community (unless we own it through a subsidiary which will incur a taxable gain upon sale) if we are found to have held, acquired or developed the community primarily with the intent to resell the community, and this limitation may affect our ability to sell communities without adversely affecting returns to our stockholders. in addition, real estate in our markets can at times be difficult to sell quickly at prices we find acceptable.
from time to time we dispose of properties in transactions intended to qualify as "like-kind exchanges" under section 1031 of the code. if a transaction intended to qualify as a section 1031 exchange is later determined to be taxable, we may face adverse tax consequences, and if the laws applicable to such transactions are amended or repealed, we may not be able to dispose of properties on a tax deferred basis.
acquisitions may not yield anticipated results.
our business strategy includes acquiring as well as developing communities. our acquisition activities may be exposed to the following risks:
•   an acquired property may fail to perform as we expected in analyzing our investment; and
•   our estimate of the costs of operating, repositioning or redeveloping an acquired property may prove inaccurate.
failure to succeed in new markets, or with new brands and community formats, or in activities other than the development, ownership and operation of residential rental communities may have adverse consequences.
we may from time to time commence development activity or make acquisitions outside of our existing market areas if appropriate opportunities arise. for example, in 2017 we entered the denver, colorado, and southeast florida markets, where we have now engaged, and continue to pursue, development and acquisition opportunities. our historical experience in our existing markets in developing, owning and operating rental communities does not ensure that we will be able to operate successfully in new markets, should we choose to enter them. we may be exposed to a variety of risks if we choose to enter new markets, including an inability to accurately evaluate local apartment market conditions; an inability to obtain land for development or to identify appropriate acquisition opportunities; an inability to hire and retain key personnel; and a lack of familiarity with local governmental and permitting procedures.
although we are primarily in the multifamily rental business, we also own and lease ancillary retail and commercial space, in particular when such tenants represent the best use of the space, as is often the case with large urban in-fill developments. gross rental revenue provided by leased retail/commercial space in our portfolio represented 1.1% of our total revenue in 2018. the long term nature of our retail/commercial leases and characteristics of many of our tenants (small, local businesses) may subject us to certain risks. we may not be able to lease new space for rents that are consistent with our projections or at market rates. also, when leases for our existing retail/commercial space expire, the space may not be relet or the terms of reletting, including the cost of allowances and concessions to tenants, may be less favorable than the current lease terms. our properties compete with other properties with retail/commercial space. the presence of competitive alternatives may affect our ability to lease space and the level of rents we can obtain. if our retail/commercial tenants experience financial distress or bankruptcy, they may fail to comply with their contractual obligations, seek concessions in order to continue operations or cease their operations, which could adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition.
we also may engage or have an interest in for-sale activity. for example, we have indicated that we may pursue the sale of residential condominium units as a disposition strategy from the residential component of our development at 15 west 61st street, new york, new york. we may be unsuccessful at developing real estate with the intent to sell or in selling condominiums as a disposition strategy for an asset, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
land we hold with no current intent to develop may be subject to future impairment charges.
we own parcels of land that we do not currently intend to develop. as discussed in item 2. "communities-other land and real estate assets," in the event that the fair market value of a parcel changes such that we determine that the carrying basis of the parcel reflected in our financial statements is greater than the parcel's then current fair value, less costs to dispose, we would be subject to an impairment charge, which would reduce our net income.
we are exposed to various risks from our real estate activity through joint ventures.
instead of acquiring, developing or maintaining ownership of apartment communities as a wholly-owned investment, at times we invest in real estate as a partner or a co-venturer with other investors. joint venture investments (including investments through partnerships or limited liability companies) involve risks, including the possibility that our partner might become insolvent or otherwise refuse to make capital contributions when due; that we may be responsible to our partner for indemnifiable losses; that our partner might at any time have business goals that are inconsistent with ours; and that our partner may be in a position to take action or withhold consent contrary to our instructions or requests. frequently, we and our partner may each have the right to trigger a buy-sell arrangement that could cause us to sell our interest, or acquire our partner's interest, at a time when we otherwise would not have initiated such a transaction.
we are exposed to risks associated with investment in and management of discretionary real estate investment funds and joint ventures.
we have investment interests in unconsolidated real estate entities (collectively, "ventures") ranging from 20.0% to 55.0%. the ventures present risks, including the following:
•   our subsidiaries that are the general partner or managing member of the ventures are generally liable, under applicable law or the governing agreement of a venture, for the debts and obligations of the respective venture, subject to certain exculpation and indemnification rights pursuant to the terms of the governing agreement;
•   investors in the ventures holding a majority of the equity interests may remove us as the general partner or managing member in certain cases involving cause;
•   while we have broad discretion to manage the ventures, the investors or an advisory committee comprised of representatives of the investors must approve certain matters, and as a result we may be unable to cause the ventures to implement certain decisions that we consider beneficial; and
•   we may be liable and/or our status as a reit may be jeopardized if either the ventures, or the reit entities associated with the ventures, fail to comply with various tax or other regulatory matters.
the governance provisions of our joint ventures with equity residential could adversely affect our flexibility in dealing with such joint venture assets and liabilities.
in connection with the archstone acquisition, we created joint ventures with equity residential that manage or have an interest in certain of the acquired assets and liabilities. these structures involve participation in the ventures by equity residential whose interests and rights may not be the same as ours. joint ownership of an investment in real estate involves risks not associated with direct ownership of real estate, including the risk that equity residential may at any time have economic or other business interests or goals which become inconsistent with our business interests or goals, including inconsistent goals relating to the sale of properties held in the joint ventures or the timing of the termination and liquidation of the joint ventures. under the form for the joint venture arrangements, neither we nor equity residential expect to individually have the sole power to control the ventures, and an impasse could occur, which could adversely affect the applicable joint venture and decrease potential returns to us and our investors.
we rely on information technology in our operations, and any breach, interruption or security failure of that technology, or any non-compliance with applicable laws with respect to the use of that technology, could have a negative impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and/or reputation.
information security risks have generally increased in recent years due to the rise in new technologies and the increased sophistication and activities of perpetrators of cyber attacks.
we collect and hold personally identifiable information of our residents and prospective residents in connection with our leasing and property management activities, and we collect and hold personally identifiable information of our associates in connection with their employment. in addition, we engage third party service providers that may have access to such personally identifiable information in connection with providing necessary information technology and security and other business services to us.
we address potential breaches or disclosure of this confidential personally identifiable information by implementing a variety of security measures intended to protect the confidentiality and security of this information including (among others) engaging reputable, recognized firms to help us design and maintain our information technology and data security systems, including testing and verification of their proper and secure operations on a periodic basis. we also maintain cyber risk insurance to provide some coverage for certain risks arising out of data and network breaches.
however, there can be no assurance that we will be able to prevent unauthorized access to this information. any failure in or breach of our operational or information security systems, or those of our third party service providers, as a result of cyber attacks or information security breaches, could result in a wide range of potentially serious harm to our business operations and financial prospects, including (among others) disruption of our business and operations, disclosure or misuse of confidential or proprietary information (including personal information of our residents and/or associates), damage to our reputation, and/or potentially significant legal and/or financial liabilities and penalties.
various laws and regulations and interpretations thereof, as well as agreements with payment processors, require, or may require, us to comply with rules related to our websites for use by residents and prospective residents, including requirements related to accessibility of our websites to persons with disabilities and our handling of data collection. we could face liabilities for failure to comply with these requirements. we could incur costs to comply with stricter and more complex data privacy, data collection and information security laws and standards.
we are exposed to risks that are either uninsurable, not economically insurable or in excess of our insurance coverage, including risks discussed below.
earthquake risk. as further described in item 2. "communities-insurance and risk of uninsured losses," many of our west coast communities are located in the general vicinity of active earthquake faults. we cannot assure you that an earthquake would not cause damage or losses greater than insured levels. in the event of a loss in excess of insured limits, we could lose our capital invested in the affected community, as well as anticipated future revenue from that community. we would also continue to be obligated to repay any mortgage indebtedness or other obligations related to the community. any such loss could materially and adversely affect our business and our financial condition and results of operations.
insurance coverage for earthquakes can be costly and in limited supply. as a result, we may experience shortages in desired coverage levels if market conditions are such that insurance is not available or the cost of insurance makes it, in the company's view, economically impractical.
severe or inclement weather risk. we are exposed to risks associated with inclement or severe weather, including hurricanes, severe winter storms and coastal flooding. severe or inclement weather may result in increased costs resulting from increased maintenance, repair of water and wind damage, removal of snow and ice, and, in the case of our development communities, delays in construction that result in increased construction costs and delays in realizing rental revenues from a community.
a single catastrophe that affects one of our regions, such as an earthquake that affects the west coast or a hurricane or severe winter storm that affects the mid-atlantic, metro new york/new jersey or new england regions, may have a significant negative effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
climate change risk. to the extent that significant changes in the climate occur in areas where our communities are located, we may experience extreme weather and changes in precipitation and temperature, all of which may result in physical damage to or a decrease in demand for properties located in these areas or affected by these conditions. should the impact of climate change be material in nature, including significant property damage to or destruction of our communities, or occur for lengthy periods of time, our financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected. in addition, changes in federal, state and local legislation and regulation based on concerns about climate change could result in increased capital expenditures on our existing properties and our new development properties (for example, to improve their energy efficiency and/or resistance to inclement weather) without a corresponding increase in revenue, resulting in adverse impacts to our net income.
terrorism risk. we have significant investments in large metropolitan markets, such as metro new york/new jersey and washington, d.c., which have in the past been or may in the future be the target of actual or threatened terrorist attacks. future terrorist attacks in these markets could directly or indirectly damage our communities, both physically and financially, or cause losses that exceed our insurance coverage and that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
a significant uninsured property or liability loss could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
in addition to the earthquake insurance discussed above, we carry commercial general liability insurance, property insurance and terrorism insurance with respect to our communities on terms and in amounts we consider commercially reasonable. there are, however, certain types of losses (such as losses arising from acts of war) that are not insured, in full or in part, because they are either uninsurable or the cost of insurance makes it, in the company's view, economically impractical. if an uninsured property loss or a property loss in excess of insured limits were to occur, we could lose our capital invested in a community, as well as the anticipated future revenues from such community. we would also continue to be obligated to repay any mortgage indebtedness or other obligations related to the community. if an uninsured liability to a third party were to occur, we would incur the cost of defense and settlement with, or court ordered damages to, that third party. a significant uninsured property or liability loss could have a material adverse effect on our business and our financial condition and results of operations.
we may incur costs due to environmental contamination or non-compliance.
under various federal, state and local environmental and public health laws, regulations and ordinances, we may be required, regardless of knowledge or responsibility, to investigate and remediate the effects of hazardous or toxic substances or petroleum product releases at our properties (including in some cases natural substances such as methane and radon gas) and may be held liable under these laws or common law to a governmental entity or to third parties for property, personal injury or natural resources damages and for investigation and remediation costs incurred as a result of the contamination. these damages and costs may be substantial and may exceed any insurance coverage we have for such events. the presence of these substances, or the failure to properly remediate the contamination, may adversely affect our ability to borrow against, develop, sell or rent the affected property. in addition, some environmental laws create or allow a government agency to impose a lien on the contaminated site in favor of the government for damages and costs it incurs as a result of the contamination.
the development, construction and operation of our communities are subject to regulations and permitting under various federal, state and local laws, regulations and ordinances, which regulate matters including wetlands protection, storm water runoff and wastewater discharge. these laws and regulations may impose restrictions on the manner in which our communities may be developed, and noncompliance with these laws and regulations may subject us to fines and penalties.
certain federal, state and local laws, regulations and ordinances govern the removal, encapsulation or disturbance of asbestos containing materials ("acms") when such materials are in poor condition or in the event of renovation or demolition of a building. these laws and the common law may impose liability for release of acms and may allow third parties to seek recovery from owners or operators of real properties for personal injury associated with exposure to acms. we are not aware that any acms were used in the construction of the communities we developed. acms were, however, used in the construction of a number of the communities that we have acquired. although we implement an operations and maintenance program at each of the communities at which acms are detected, we may fail to adequately observe such program or a disturbance of acms may occur nevertheless, exposing us to liability.
we are aware that some of our communities have lead paint and have implemented an operations and maintenance program at each of those communities.
environmental agencies and third parties may assert claims for remediation or personal injury based on the alleged actual or potential intrusion into buildings of chemical vapors from soils or groundwater underlying or in the vicinity of those buildings or on nearby properties.
all of our stabilized operating communities, and all of the communities that we are currently developing, have been subjected to at least a phase i or similar environmental assessment, which generally does not involve invasive techniques such as soil or groundwater sampling. these assessments, together with subsurface assessments conducted on some properties, have not revealed, and we are not otherwise aware of, any environmental conditions that we believe would have a material adverse effect on our business, assets, financial condition or results of operations. in connection with our ownership, operation and development of communities, from time to time we undertake substantial remedial action in response to the presence of subsurface or other contaminants, including contaminants in soil, groundwater and soil vapor beneath or affecting our buildings. in some cases, an indemnity exists upon which we may be able to rely if environmental liability arises from the contamination or remediation costs exceed estimates. there can be no assurance, however, that all necessary remediation actions have been or will be undertaken at our properties or that we will be indemnified, in full or at all, in the event that environmental liability arises.
mold growth may occur when excessive moisture accumulates in buildings or on building materials, particularly if the moisture problem remains undiscovered or is not addressed over a period of time. certain molds may in some instances lead to adverse health effects, including allergic or other reactions. to help limit mold growth, we educate residents about the importance of adequate ventilation and request or require that they notify us when they see mold or excessive moisture. we have established procedures for promptly addressing and remediating mold or excessive moisture from apartment homes when we become aware of its presence regardless of whether we or the resident believe a health risk is presented. however, we cannot provide assurance that mold or excessive moisture will be detected and remediated in a timely manner. if a significant mold problem arises at one of our communities, we could be required to undertake a costly remediation program to contain or remove the mold from the affected community and could be exposed to other liabilities that may exceed any applicable insurance coverage.
additionally, we have occasionally been involved in developing, managing, leasing and operating various properties for third parties. consequently, we may be considered to have been an operator of such properties and, therefore, potentially liable for removal or remediation costs or other potential costs which relate to the release or presence of hazardous or toxic substances or petroleum products at such properties.
•   the environmental assessments described above have identified all potential environmental liabilities;
•   no prior owner created any material environmental condition not known to us or the consultants who prepared the assessments;
•   no environmental liabilities have developed since the environmental assessments were prepared;
•   the condition of land or operations in the vicinity of our communities, such as the presence of underground storage tanks, will not affect the environmental condition of our communities;
•   future uses or conditions, including, without limitation, changes in applicable environmental laws and regulations, will not result in the imposition of environmental liability; and
•   no environmental liabilities will arise at communities that we have sold for which we may have liability.
our success depends on key personnel whose continued service is not guaranteed.
our success depends in part on our ability to attract and retain the services of executive officers and other personnel. our executive officers make important capital allocation decisions or recommendations to our board of directors from among the opportunities identified by our regional offices. there is substantial competition for qualified personnel in the real estate industry, and the loss of our key personnel could adversely affect the company.
failure to qualify as a reit would cause us to be taxed as a corporation, which would significantly reduce funds available for distribution to stockholders.
if we fail to qualify as a reit for federal income tax purposes, we will be subject to regular u.s. federal corporate income tax on our taxable income. in addition, unless we are entitled to relief under applicable statutory provisions, we would be ineligible to make an election for treatment as a reit for the four taxable years following the year in which we lose our qualification. the additional tax liability resulting from the failure to qualify as a reit would significantly reduce or eliminate the amount of funds available for distribution to our stockholders. furthermore, we would no longer be required to make distributions to our stockholders. thus, our failure to qualify as a reit could also impair our ability to expand our business and raise capital, and would adversely affect the value of our common stock.
we believe that we are organized and qualified as a reit, and we intend to operate in a manner that will allow us to continue to qualify as a reit. however, we cannot assure you that we are qualified as a reit, or that we will remain qualified in the future. this is because qualification as a reit involves the application of highly technical and complex provisions of the code for which there are only limited judicial and administrative interpretations and involves the determination of a variety of factual matters and circumstances not entirely within our control. our qualification as a reit will depend on our satisfaction of certain asset, income, organizational, distribution, shareholder ownership and other requirements on a continuing basis. in addition, future legislation, new regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions may significantly change the tax laws or the application of the tax laws with respect to qualification as a reit for federal income tax purposes or the federal income tax consequences of this qualification.
even if we qualify as a reit, we will be subject to certain federal, state and local taxes on our income and property and on taxable income that we do not distribute to our stockholders. in addition, we hold through our taxable reit subsidiaries certain assets and engage in certain activities that a reit could not engage in directly. we also use taxable reit subsidiaries to hold certain assets that we believe would be subject to the 100% prohibited transaction tax if sold at a gain outside of a taxable reit subsidiary or to engage in activities that generate non-qualifying reit income. our taxable reit subsidiaries are subject to u.s. tax as regular corporations. the archstone acquisition increased the amount of assets held through our taxable reit subsidiaries.
prospective investors are urged to consult with their tax advisors regarding the effects of recently enacted tax legislation and other legislative, regulatory and administrative developments.
on december 22, 2017, h.r. 1, informally titled the tax cuts and jobs act (the "tcja"), was enacted. the tcja made major changes to the code, including a number of provisions of the code that affect the taxation of reits and their stockholders. the long-term effect of the significant changes made by the tcja remains uncertain, and additional administrative guidance will be required in order to fully evaluate the effect of many provisions. the effect of any technical corrections with respect to the tcja could have an adverse effect on us or our stockholders or holders of our debt securities.
the ability of our stockholders to control our policies and effect a change of control of our company is limited by certain provisions of our charter and bylaws and by maryland law.
there are provisions in our charter and bylaws that may discourage a third party from making a proposal to acquire us, even if some of our stockholders might consider the proposal to be in their best interests. these provisions include the following:
our charter authorizes our board of directors to issue up to 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock without stockholder approval and to establish the preferences and rights, including voting rights, of any series of preferred stock issued. the board of directors may issue preferred stock without stockholder approval, which could allow the board to issue one or more classes or series of preferred stock that could discourage or delay a tender offer or a change in control.
to maintain our qualification as a reit for federal income tax purposes, not more than 50% in value of our outstanding stock may be owned, directly or indirectly, by or for five or fewer individuals at any time during the last half of any taxable year. to maintain this qualification, and/or to address other concerns about concentrations of ownership of our stock, our charter generally prohibits ownership (directly, indirectly by virtue of the attribution provisions of the code, or beneficially as defined in section 13 of the securities exchange act) by any single stockholder of more than 9.8% of the issued and outstanding shares of any class or series of our stock. in general, under our charter, pension plans and mutual funds may directly and beneficially own up to 15% of the outstanding shares of any class or series of stock. under our charter, our board of directors may in its sole discretion waive or modify the ownership limit for one or more persons, but it is not required to do so even if such waiver would not affect our qualification as a reit. these ownership limits may prevent or delay a change in control and, as a result, could adversely affect our stockholders' ability to realize a premium for their shares of common stock.
as a maryland corporation, we are subject to the provisions of the maryland general corporation law. maryland law imposes restrictions on some business combinations and requires compliance with statutory procedures before some mergers and acquisitions may occur, which may delay or prevent offers to acquire us or increase the difficulty of completing any offers, even if they are in our stockholders' best interests. in addition, other provisions of the maryland general corporation law permit the board of directors to make elections and to take actions without stockholder approval (such as classifying our board such that the entire board is not up for re-election annually) that, if made or taken, could have the effect of discouraging or delaying a change in control.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a") is intended to help provide an understanding of our business, financial condition and results of operations. this md&a should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report. this report, including the following md&a, contains forward-looking statements regarding future events or trends that should be read in conjunction with the factors described under "forward-looking statements" included in this report. actual results or developments could differ materially from those projected in such statements as a result of the factors described under "forward-looking statements" as well as the risk factors described in item 1a. "risk factors" of this report.
capitalized terms used without definition have the meanings provided elsewhere in this form 10-k.
executive overview business description our strategic vision is to be the leading apartment company in select u.s. markets, providing a range of distinctive living experiences that customers value. we pursue this vision by targeting what we believe are among the best markets and submarkets, leveraging our strategic capabilities in market research and consumer insight and being disciplined in our capital allocation and balance sheet management. our communities are predominately upscale and generally command among the highest rents in their markets. however, we also pursue the ownership and operation of apartment communities that target a variety of customer segments and price points, consistent with our goal of offering a broad range of products and services. we regularly evaluate the allocation of our investments by the amount of invested capital and by product type within our individual markets.
we develop, redevelop, acquire, own and operate multifamily apartment communities primarily in new england, the new york/new jersey metro area, the mid-atlantic, the pacific northwest, and northern and southern california. we focus on leading metropolitan areas that we believe are characterized by growing employment in high wage sectors of the economy, higher cost of home ownership and a diverse and vibrant quality of life. we believe these market characteristics offer the opportunity for superior risk-adjusted returns over the long-term on apartment community investments relative to other markets that do not have these characteristics. we believe that the denver, colorado, and southeast florida markets share these characteristics, and in 2017 we began to invest in these markets through acquisitions and developments. we seek to create long-term shareholder value by accessing capital on cost effective terms; deploying that capital to develop, redevelop and acquire apartment communities in our selected markets; operating apartment communities; and selling communities when they no longer meet our long-term investment strategy or when pricing is attractive.
2018 financial highlights net income attributable to common stockholders for the year ended december 31, 2018 was $974,525,000, an increase of $97,604,000, or 11.1%, over the prior year. the increase is primarily attributable to increases in real estate sales and related gains and noi from newly developed, acquired and existing operating communities, as well as decreases in loss on extinguishment of debt, net and casualty and impairment loss. these amounts were partially offset by a decrease in gains on the sale of unconsolidated communities in various joint ventures and related promote income, coupled with increases in depreciation and interest expense.
established communities noi for the year ended december 31, 2018 increased by $26,248,000, or 2.3%, over the prior year. the increase was driven by an increase in rental revenue of 2.5%, partially offset by an increase in operating expenses of 3.2% over 2017.
during 2018, we raised approximately $1,572,833,000 of gross capital through the issuance of unsecured notes, sale of common shares under cep iv and the sale of consolidated operating communities and other real estate. this amount does not include proceeds from joint venture dispositions. the funds raised from the sale of real estate consist of the proceeds from the sale of eight operating communities, as well as the five communities contributed to the nyc joint venture and one ancillary land parcel. we believe that our current capital structure will continue to provide financial flexibility to access capital on attractive terms.
we believe our development activity will continue to create long-term value. during 2018, we completed the construction of seven communities containing an aggregate of 1,915 apartment homes and 10,000 square feet of retail space, for an aggregate total capitalized cost of $742,000,000, or $693,000,000 when including only our 55.0% interest in one community developed through an unconsolidated joint venture. we also started the construction of eight communities containing an aggregate of 2,154 apartment homes, which are expected to be completed for an estimated total capitalized cost of $718,000,000. in addition, during 2018 we completed the redevelopment of eight communities containing an aggregate of 3,368 apartment homes for a total investment of $217,000,000, excluding costs incurred prior to the redevelopment.
we also achieved portfolio growth through acquisitions, acquiring four communities containing an aggregate of 1,096 apartment homes for an aggregate purchase price of $334,450,000.
we believe that our balance sheet strength, as measured by our current level of indebtedness, our current ability to service interest and other fixed charges, and our current moderate use of financial encumbrances (such as secured financing) provide us with adequate access to liquidity from the capital markets. we expect to be able to meet our reasonably foreseeable liquidity needs, as they arise, through a combination of one or more of the following sources: existing cash on hand; operating cash flows; borrowings under our credit facility; secured debt; the issuance of corporate securities (which could include unsecured debt, preferred equity and/or common equity); the sale of apartment communities; or through the formation of joint ventures. see the discussion under "liquidity and capital resources."
communities overview as of december 31, 2018 we owned or held a direct or indirect ownership interest in 291 apartment communities containing 85,158 apartment homes in 12 states and the district of columbia, of which 21 communities were under development and nine communities were under redevelopment. of these communities, 15 were owned by entities that were not consolidated for financial reporting purposes, including five owned by the u.s. fund, five owned by the nyc joint venture and two owned by the ac jv. in addition, we held a direct or indirect ownership interest in development rights to develop an additional 28 wholly-owned communities that, if developed as expected, will contain an estimated 9,769 apartment homes.
our real estate investments consist primarily of current communities, development communities and development rights. our current communities are further distinguished as established communities, other stabilized communities, lease-up communities, redevelopment communities and unconsolidated communities.
established communities are generally consolidated communities in markets where we have a significant presence that were owned and had stabilized occupancy as of the beginning of the prior year, allowing for a meaningful comparison of operating results between years. other stabilized communities are generally all other completed consolidated communities that have stabilized occupancy during the fiscal year. lease-up communities are consolidated communities where construction has been complete for less than one year and stabilized occupancy has not been achieved. redevelopment communities are consolidated communities where substantial redevelopment is in progress or is planned to begin during the fiscal year. unconsolidated communities are communities that we have an indirect ownership interest in through our investment interest in an unconsolidated joint venture. a more detailed description of our reportable segments and other related operating information can be found in note 8, "segment reporting," of our consolidated financial statements.
although each of these categories is important to our business, we generally evaluate overall operating, industry and market trends based on the operating results of established communities, for which a detailed discussion can be found in "results of operations" as part of our discussion of overall operating results. we evaluate our current and future cash needs and future operating potential based on acquisition, disposition, development, redevelopment and financing activities within other stabilized, redevelopment and development communities. discussions related to current and future cash needs and financing activities can be found under "liquidity and capital resources."
noi of our current operating communities is one of the financial measures that we use to evaluate the performance of our communities. noi is affected by the demand and supply dynamics within our markets, our rental rates and occupancy levels and our ability to control operating costs. our overall financial performance is also impacted by the general availability and cost of capital and the performance of newly developed, redeveloped and acquired apartment communities.
results of operations our year-over-year operating performance is primarily affected by both overall and individual geographic market conditions and apartment fundamentals and is reflected in changes in noi of our established communities; noi derived from acquisitions and development completions; the loss of noi related to disposed communities; and capital market and financing activity. a comparison of our operating results for 2018, 2017 and 2016 follows (dollars in thousands):
for the year ended                               2018 vs. 2017                            2017 vs. 2016
2018                                                                                                                2017                    2016              $ change              % change           $ change              % change revenue:
management, development and other fees                                                 3,572                   4,147                   5,599                 (575    )          (13.9     )%        (1,452    )          (25.9   )%
total community operating expenses                                                   682,718                 649,826                 611,414               32,892                 5.1      %        38,412                 6.3   %
corporate-level property management and other indirect operating expenses             80,133                  69,559                  67,038               10,574                15.2      %         2,521                 3.8   %
investments and investment management expense                                          7,709                   5,936                   4,822                1,773                29.9      %         1,114                23.1   %
expensed acquisition, development and other pursuit costs, net of recoveries           4,309                   2,736                   9,922                1,573                57.5      %        (7,186    )          (72.4   )%
equity in income of unconsolidated real estate entities                               15,270                  70,744                  64,962              (55,474    )          (78.4     )%         5,782                 8.9   %
gain on sale of communities                                                          374,976                 252,599                 374,623              122,377                48.4      %      (122,024    )          (32.6   )%
gain (loss) on other real estate transactions                                            345                 (10,907   )              10,224               11,252             n/a (1)              (21,131    )        n/a (1)
income before income taxes                                                           974,015                 876,801               1,034,013               97,214                11.1      %      (157,212    )          (15.2   )%
income tax (benefit) expense                                                            (160   )                 141                     305                 (301    )        n/a (1)                 (164    )          (53.8   )%
net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests                                        350                     261                     294       89                            34.1      %           (33    )          (11.2   )%
(1)   percent change is not meaningful.
net income attributable to common stockholders increased $97,604,000, or 11.1%, to $974,525,000 in 2018 from 2017, primarily attributable to increases in real estate sales and related gains and noi from newly developed, acquired and existing operating communities, as well as decreases in loss on extinguishment of debt, net and casualty and impairment loss. these amounts were partially offset by a decrease in gains on the sale of unconsolidated communities in various joint ventures and related promote income, coupled with increases in depreciation and interest expense. net income attributable to common stockholders decreased $157,081,000, or 15.2%, to $876,921,000 in 2017 from 2016, primarily due to a decrease in real estate sales and related gains, coupled with increases in depreciation, loss on extinguishment of debt and interest expense, and a net casualty and impairment loss in the current year compared to a gain in the prior year. these amounts were partially offset by an increase in noi from newly developed, acquired and existing operating communities.
noi is considered by management to be an important and appropriate supplemental performance measure to net income because it helps both investors and management to understand the core operations of a community or communities prior to the allocation of any corporate-level or financing-related costs. noi reflects the operating performance of a community and allows for an easier comparison of the operating performance of individual assets or groups of assets. in addition, because prospective buyers of real estate have different financing and overhead structures, with varying marginal impact to overhead as a result of acquiring real estate, noi is considered by many in the real estate industry to be a useful measure for determining the value of a real estate asset or group of assets. we define noi as total property revenue less direct property operating expenses (including property taxes), and excluding corporate-level income (including management, development and other fees), corporate-level property management and other indirect operating expenses, investments and investment management expenses, expensed acquisition, development and other pursuit costs, net of recoveries, interest expense, net, loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt, net, general and administrative expense, equity in income of unconsolidated real estate entities, depreciation expense, corporate income tax (benefit) expense, casualty and impairment loss (gain), net, gain on sale of communities, loss (gain) on other real estate transactions and net operating income from real estate assets sold or held for sale.
noi does not represent cash generated from operating activities in accordance with gaap, and noi should not be considered an alternative to net income as an indication of our performance. noi should also not be considered an alternative to net cash flow from operating activities, as determined by gaap, as a measure of liquidity, nor is noi indicative of cash available to fund cash needs. reconciliations of noi for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 to net income for each year are as follows (dollars in thousands):
for the year ended
investments and investment management expense                                          7,709                    5,936                    4,822
expensed transaction, development and other pursuit costs, net of recoveries           4,309                    2,736                    9,922
equity in income of unconsolidated real estate entities                              (15,270    )             (70,744    )             (64,962    )
income tax (benefit) expense                                                            (160    )   141                      305
gain on sale of real estate assets                                                  (374,976    )            (252,599    )            (374,623    )
gain on other real estate transactions, net                                             (345    )              10,907                  (10,224    )
net operating income from real estate assets sold or held for sale                   (58,620    )             (84,650    )            (114,219    )
the noi increases for both 2018 and 2017, as compared to the prior years, consist of changes in the following categories (dollars in thousands):
established communities                             $26,248               $61,143
other stabilized communities                         50,494                53,841
development and redevelopment communities (1)        42,853                (8,980   )
(1)   noi for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016 include business interruption insurance proceeds of $3,495 related to the maplewood casualty loss and $20,306 related to the edgewater casualty loss, respectively.
the increase in our established communities' noi in 2018 and 2017 is due to increased rental rates, partially offset by increased operating expenses.
rental and other income increased in both 2018 and 2017 compared to the prior years due to additional rental income generated from newly developed, acquired and existing operating communities and an increase in rental rates at our established communities. the changes between years are also impacted by business interruption insurance proceeds received due to the final settlement of the edgewater and maplewood casualty losses, as described above.
consolidated communities-the weighted average number of occupied apartment homes for consolidated communities increased to 73,385 apartment homes for 2018, as compared to 70,081 homes for 2017 and 67,849 homes for 2016. the weighted average monthly rental revenue per occupied apartment home increased to $2,588 for 2018 as compared to $2,556 in 2017 and $2,476 in 2016.
established communities-rental revenue increased $40,526,000, or 2.5%, to $1,631,633,000 for 2018 from $1,591,107,000 in the prior year. the increase is due to an increase in average rental rates of 2.5% to $2,576 per apartment home and maintaining economic occupancy consistent at 96.1%. rental revenue increased $38,648,000, or 2.5%, for 2017, as compared to the prior year. economic occupancy takes into account the fact that apartment homes of different sizes and locations within a community have different economic impacts on a community's gross revenue. economic occupancy is defined as gross potential revenue less vacancy loss, as a percentage of gross potential revenue. gross potential revenue is determined by valuing occupied homes at leased rates and vacant homes at market rents.
we experienced increases in rental revenue for all of our established communities' regions in 2018 as compared to the prior year, as discussed in more detail below.
the northern california region accounted for 22.5% of the established community rental revenue for 2018 and experienced a rental revenue increase of 2.7% for 2018 over the prior year. average rental rates increased 2.7% to $2,936 per apartment home, and economic occupancy remained consistent at 96.4% for 2018 as compared to 2017. we believe improving income growth will support stronger rental revenue growth in northern california in 2019.
the metro new york/new jersey region accounted for 22.1% of the established community rental revenue for 2018 and experienced a rental revenue increase of 1.7% for 2018 over the prior year. average rental rates increased 1.8% to $3,002 per apartment home, and were partially offset by a 0.1% decrease in economic occupancy to 96.2% for 2018 as compared to 2017. we expect operating conditions in the metro new york/new jersey region to improve modestly in 2019, driven primarily by a stronger income growth forecast than 2018.
the southern california region accounted for 20.9% of the established community rental revenue for 2018 and experienced a rental revenue increase of 3.6% for 2018 over the prior year. average rental rates increased 3.5% to $2,300 per apartment home, and economic occupancy increased 0.1% to 96.1% for 2018 as compared to 2017. we believe relatively stable job and income growth in southern california will continue to support favorable operating conditions in the region in 2019.
the new england region accounted for 14.7% of the established community rental revenue for 2018 and experienced a rental revenue increase of 3.0% for 2018 over the prior year. average rental rates increased 2.9% to $2,510 per apartment home, and economic occupancy increased 0.1% to 96.0% for 2018 as compared to 2017. we expect the operating environment in new england to improve in 2019, driven by strengthening income growth and a decrease in the volume of new apartment deliveries relative to 2018.
the mid-atlantic region accounted for 14.5% of the established community rental revenue for 2018 and experienced a rental revenue increase of 1.8% for 2018 over the prior year. average rental rates increased 1.7% to $2,218 per apartment home, and economic occupancy increased 0.1% to 96.0% for 2018 as compared to 2017. we believe elevated levels of new apartment deliveries in the mid-atlantic region will continue to limit our ability to increase rental rates in 2019.
the pacific northwest region accounted for 5.3% of the established community rental revenue for 2018 and experienced a rental revenue increase of 2.5% for 2018 over the prior year. average rental rates increased 2.5% to $2,301 per apartment home, and economic occupancy remained consistent at 96.0% for 2018 as compared to 2017. we expect operating conditions in the pacific northwest to remain relatively stable in 2019.
management, development and other fees decreased $575,000 or 13.9%, and $1,452,000, or 25.9%, in 2018 and 2017, respectively, as compared to the prior years. the decreases in 2018 and 2017 were primarily due to lower property and asset management fees earned as a result of dispositions from fund ii, the u.s. fund and the ac jv.
direct property operating expenses, excluding property taxes increased $12,704,000, or 3.0%, and $21,874,000, or 5.4%, in 2018 and 2017, respectively, as compared to the prior years. the increases in 2018 and 2017 were primarily due to the addition of newly developed and acquired apartment communities.
for established communities, direct property operating expenses, excluding property taxes, increased $5,993,000, or 2.0%, and $6,067,000, or 2.0%, in 2018 and 2017, respectively, as compared to the prior years. the increase in 2018 was primarily due to increased compensation expense as well as maintenance and utilities costs, partially offset by decreased marketing and property insurance costs. the increase in 2017 was primarily due to increased compensation expense, bad debt and turnover and maintenance costs, partially offset by decreased property insurance costs.
property taxes increased $20,188,000, or 9.1%, and $16,538,000, or 8.1%, in 2018 and 2017, respectively, as compared to the prior years. the increases in 2018 and 2017 were primarily due to the addition of newly developed and acquired apartment communities, increased assessments across our portfolio, as well as successful appeals in the prior years in excess of those recognized in the then current year.
for established communities, property taxes increased $8,520,000, or 5.3%, and $5,300,000, or 3.5%, in 2018 and 2017, respectively, as compared to the prior years. the increases in 2018 and 2017 were primarily due to increased assessments and rates in the current year periods, as well as successful appeals in the prior year periods in the company's west coast markets. for communities in california, property tax changes are determined by the change in the california consumer price index, with increases limited by law (proposition 13). we evaluate property tax increases internally and also engage third-party consultants to assist in our evaluations. we appeal property tax increases when appropriate.
corporate-level property management and other indirect operating expenses increased $10,574,000, or 15.2%, and $2,521,000, or 3.8%, in 2018 and 2017, respectively, as compared to the prior year. the increase in 2018 was primarily due to advocacy contributions not present in the prior year, increased compensation related costs and spending on corporate initiatives in the current year. the increase in 2017 was primarily due to increased compensation related costs, partially offset by severance costs in 2016 not present in 2017.
investments and investment management expense increased by $1,773,000, or 29.9%, and $1,114,000, or 23.1%, in 2018 and 2017, respectively, as compared to the prior years. the increase in 2018 was primarily due to severance costs, which were not present in the prior year, and an increase in compensation expense. the increase in 2017 was primarily due to an increase in compensation expense.
expensed acquisition, development and other pursuit costs, net of recoveries primarily reflect abandoned pursuit costs as well as acquisition costs related to business acquisitions that occurred prior to the adoption of asu 2017-01 as of october 1, 2016. subsequent to the adoption of asu 2017-01, we expect that acquisitions of individual operating communities will generally be viewed as asset acquisitions, and result in acquisition costs being capitalized instead of expensed. abandoned pursuit costs include costs incurred for development pursuits not yet considered probable for development, as well as the abandonment of development rights and costs related to abandoned acquisition and disposition pursuits. these costs can be volatile, particularly in periods of increased acquisition pursuit activity, periods of economic downturn or when there is limited access to capital, and the costs may vary significantly from period to period. these aggregate costs increased $1,573,000, or 57.5%, in 2018, and decreased $7,186,000, or 72.4%, in 2017, as compared to the prior years. the increase in 2018 was primarily due to increased abandoned development pursuit costs and the non-cash write-off of asset management fee intangibles associated with the disposition of communities in the u.s. fund and the ac jv. the decrease in 2017 was due to a decrease in acquisition costs related to communities acquired during the prior year periods that were expensed prior to the adoption of asu 2017-01, decreased development pursuit costs, as well as the non-cash write-off of asset management fee intangibles associated with the disposition of communities in the u.s. fund in the prior year period in excess of amounts recognized in the current year period.
interest expense, net increased $21,313,000, or 10.7%, and $12,151,000, or 6.5%, in 2018 and 2017, respectively, as compared to the prior years. this category includes interest costs offset by capitalized interest pertaining to development and redevelopment activity, amortization of premium/discount on debt, and interest income. the increase in 2018 was primarily due to a decrease in amounts of interest capitalized resulting from a decrease in development and redevelopment activity, as well as an increase in outstanding unsecured indebtedness, partially offset by a decrease in secured indebtedness. the increase in 2017 was primarily due to a decrease in amounts of interest capitalized resulting from a decrease in development activity, as well as an increase in outstanding unsecured indebtedness.
loss on the extinguishment of debt, net reflects prepayment penalties, the write-off of unamortized deferred financing costs and premiums from our debt repurchase and retirement activity, or payments to acquire our outstanding debt at amounts above or below the carrying basis of the debt acquired. the loss of $17,492,000 for 2018 was due to:
•   a prepayment penalty of $8,579,000 and the non-cash write-off of deferred financing costs of $347,000 associated with the early repayment of $250,000,000 principal amount of 6.10% unsecured notes; and
•   the aggregate prepayment penalty of $3,308,000 and the non-cash write-off of deferred financing costs of $5,258,000 on the repayment or refinancing of $244,546,000 principal amount of mortgage notes secured by six wholly-owned operating communities.
the loss of $25,472,000 for 2017 was primarily due to:
•   prepayment penalties of $33,515,000 and the non-cash write-off of deferred financing costs of $1,450,000 associated with the repayment of $556,313,000 aggregate principal amount of fixed rate mortgage notes secured by 12 wholly-owned operating communities in advance of their may 2019 maturity dates; partially offset by
•   a gain of $10,839,000, primarily composed of the write-off of unamortized premium on the repayment of $670,590,000 principal amount of fixed rate mortgage notes secured by 11 wholly-owned operating communities in advance of their november 2017 maturity dates.
depreciation expense increased $47,046,000, or 8.1%, and $52,716,000, or 9.9%, in 2018 and 2017, respectively, as compared to the prior years. the increases in 2018 and 2017 were primarily due to the addition of newly developed and acquired apartment communities.
casualty and impairment loss (gain), net of $215,000 for 2018 primarily consists of an impairment charge of $826,000 recognized for a land parcel we had acquired for development and no longer intend to develop, partially offset by $554,000 of legal settlement proceeds relating to construction defects at a community acquired as part of the archstone acquisition. the loss of $6,250,000 for 2017 consists of a $9,350,000 impairment charge recognized for a land parcel we had acquired for development in 2004 and sold in july 2017, and the net impact of the maplewood casualty loss, net of associated insurance receivables, of $2,338,000, partially offset by $5,438,000 of legal settlement proceeds relating to construction defects at a community acquired as part of the archstone acquisition.
equity in income of unconsolidated real estate entities decreased $55,474,000, or 78.4%, and increased $5,782,000, or 8.9%, in 2018 and 2017, respectively, as compared to the prior years. the decrease in 2018 was primarily due to gains on the sale of communities in various ventures and the recognition of income for the company's promoted interest from fund ii in the prior year period, coupled with the resulting decreased noi from the ventures in the current year period, due to disposition activity in 2017 and 2018. the increase in 2017 was primarily due to the recognition of income for the company's promoted interest, partially offset by decreased gains on the sale of communities in various ventures in the current year, and decreased noi from the ventures due to disposition activity in 2016 and 2017.
gain on sale of communities increased in 2018 and decreased in 2017 as compared to the prior years. the amount of gain realized in a given period depends on many factors, including the number of communities sold, the size and carrying value of the communities sold and the market conditions in the local area. the gain of $374,976,000 in 2018 was primarily due to the sale of eight wholly-owned operating communities and the recognition of the gain associated with the contribution of five wholly-owned operating communities to the nyc joint venture, a venture in which we retained a 20.0% interest. the gain of $252,599,000 in 2017 was primarily due to the sale of six wholly-owned operating communities.
gain (loss) on other real estate transactions of $345,000 in 2018 was primarily composed of gains on ancillary real estate. the loss of $10,907,000 in 2017 was primarily composed of the non-cash write-off of prepaid rent associated with the purchase of land previously subject to a ground lease.
liquidity and capital resources we employ a disciplined approach to our liquidity and capital management. when we source capital, we take into account both our view of the most cost effective alternative then available and our desire to maintain a balance sheet that provides us with flexibility. our principal short-term liquidity needs are to fund:
•   development and redevelopment activity in which we are currently engaged;
•   the minimum dividend payments on our common stock required to maintain our reit qualification under the code;
•   debt service and principal payments either at maturity or opportunistically before maturity; and
factors affecting our liquidity and capital resources are our cash flows from operations, financing activities and investing activities (including dispositions) as well as general economic and market conditions. operating cash flow has historically been determined by: (i) the number of apartment homes currently owned, (ii) rental rates, (iii) occupancy levels and (iv) operating expenses with respect to apartment homes. the timing and type of capital markets activity in which we engage, as well as our plans for development, redevelopment, acquisition and disposition activity, are affected by changes in the capital markets environment, such as changes in interest rates or the availability of cost-effective capital. we regularly review our liquidity needs, the adequacy of cash flows from operations and other expected liquidity sources to meet these needs.
we had cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash of $217,864,000 at december 31, 2018, an increase of $15,958,000 from $201,906,000 at december 31, 2017. the following discussion relates to changes in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash due to operating, investing and financing activities, which are presented in our consolidated statements of cash flows included elsewhere in this report.
operating activities-net cash provided by operating activities increased to $1,301,111,000 in 2018 from $1,256,257,000 in 2017. the change was driven primarily by increased noi from existing, acquired and newly developed communities.
investing activities-net cash used in investing activities totaled $596,651,000 in 2018. the net cash used was primarily due to:
•   investment of $1,139,954,000 in the development and redevelopment of communities;
•   acquisition of four operating communities for $338,620,000; and
•   capital expenditures of $86,932,000 for our operating communities and non-real estate assets.
•   proceeds from the sale of real estate, including the contribution of five communities to the nyc joint venture, of $883,313,000; and
•   net distributions from unconsolidated real estate entities of $24,499,000.
financing activities-net cash used in financing activities totaled $688,502,000 in 2018. the net cash used was primarily due to:
•   proceeds from the issuance of unsecured notes in the amount of $299,442,000, less deferred financing costs of $16,258,000;
variable rate unsecured credit facility we have a $1,500,000,000 revolving variable rate unsecured credit facility with a syndicate of banks (the "credit facility") which matures in april 2020. we may extend the maturity for up to nine months, provided we are not in default and upon payment of a $1,500,000 extension fee. the credit facility bears interest at varying levels based on the london interbank offered rate ("libor"), rating levels achieved on our unsecured notes and on a maturity schedule selected by us. the current stated pricing is libor plus 0.825% per annum (3.34% at january 31, 2019 assuming a one month borrowing rate). the annual facility fee is 0.125% (or approximately $1,875,000 annually based on the $1,500,000,000 facility size and based on our current credit rating).
we had $106,000,000 outstanding under the credit facility and had $40,010,000 outstanding in letters of credit that reduced our borrowing capacity as of january 31, 2019.
financial covenants we are subject to financial and other covenants contained in the credit facility, the term loan and the indenture under which our unsecured notes were issued. the principal financial covenants include the following:
•   limitations on the amount of total and secured debt in relation to our overall capital structure;
•   limitations on the amount of our unsecured debt relative to the undepreciated basis of real estate assets that are not encumbered by property-specific financing; and
we were in compliance with these covenants at december 31, 2018.
in addition, our secured borrowings may include yield maintenance, defeasance, or prepayment penalty provisions, which would result in us incurring an additional charge in the event of a full or partial prepayment of outstanding principal before the scheduled maturity. these provisions in our secured borrowings are generally consistent with other similar types of debt instruments issued during the same time period in which our borrowings were secured.
continuous equity offering program in december 2015, we commenced a fourth continuous equity program ("cep iv") under which we may sell up to $1,000,000,000 of our common stock from time to time. actual sales will depend on a variety of factors to be determined, including market conditions, the trading price of our common stock and determinations of the appropriate sources of funding. in conjunction with cep iv, we engaged sales agents who will receive compensation of up to 2.0% of the gross sales price for shares sold. cep iv also allows us to enter into forward sale agreements up to $1,000,000,000 in aggregate sales price of our common stock. we expect that we will physically settle each forward sale agreement on one or more dates prior to the maturity date of that particular forward sale agreement, in which case we will expect to receive aggregate net cash proceeds at settlement equal to the number of shares underlying the particular forward agreement multiplied by the relevant forward sale price. however, we may also elect to cash settle or net share settle a forward sale agreement. in connection with each forward sale agreement, we will pay the relevant forward seller, in the form of a reduced initial forward sale price, commission of up to 2.0% of the sales prices of all borrowed shares of common stock sold. in 2018, we sold 244,924 shares at an average sales price of $189.14 per share, for net proceeds of $45,629,000. as of january 31, 2019, we had $846,591,000 of shares remaining authorized for issuance under this program and no forward sales agreements outstanding.
forward interest rate swap agreements in 2018, we entered into $250,000,000 of forward interest rate swap agreements executed to reduce the impact of variability in interest rates on a portion of our expected debt issuance activity in 2019, which are outstanding as of december 31, 2018. at maturity of the outstanding swap agreements, we expect to cash settle the contracts and either pay or receive cash for the then current fair value. assuming that we issue the debt as expected, the hedging impact from these positions will then be recognized over the life of the issued debt as a yield adjustment.
in conjunction with our march 2018 unsecured note issuance, we settled $300,000,000 of forward interest rate swap agreements entered into in 2017 and designated as cash flow hedges of interest variability on the forecasted issuance of the unsecured notes, receiving a payment of $12,598,000.
future financing and capital needs-debt maturities one of our principal long-term liquidity needs is the repayment of long-term debt at maturity.  for both our unsecured and secured notes, a portion of the principal of these notes may be repaid prior to maturity. early retirement of our unsecured or secured notes could result in gains or losses on extinguishment. if we do not have funds on hand sufficient to repay our indebtedness as it becomes due, it will be necessary for us to refinance or otherwise provide liquidity to satisfy the debt at maturity. this refinancing may be accomplished by uncollateralized private or public debt offerings, equity issuances, additional debt financing that is secured by mortgages on individual communities or groups of communities or borrowings under our credit facility. although we believe we will have the capacity to meet our currently anticipated liquidity needs, we cannot assure you that additional debt financing or debt or equity offerings will be available or, if available, that they will be on terms we consider satisfactory.
the following debt activity occurred during 2018:
•   in february 2018, we repaid $15,174,000 principal amount of 6.60% fixed rate debt secured by avalon oaks west in advance of its scheduled maturity date, incurring a charge of $426,000, consisting of a prepayment penalty of $152,000 and the non-cash write-off of unamortized deferred financing costs of $274,000.
•   in february 2018, we repaid $11,038,000 principal amount of 4.61% fixed rate debt secured by ava pasadena at par in advance of its scheduled maturity date.
•   in march 2018, we issued $300,000,000 principal amount of unsecured notes in a public offering under our existing shelf registration statement for net proceeds of approximately $296,210,000. the notes mature in april 2048 and were issued at a 4.35% interest rate. the effective interest rate of the notes for the first 10 years is 3.97%, including the impact of an interest rate hedge and offering costs, and for the remainder of the term the effective interest rate is 4.39%.
•   in april 2018, we repaid $13,380,000 principal amount of 3.06% fixed rate debt secured by avalon andover at par at its scheduled maturity date.
•   in june 2018, we repaid $15,295,000 principal amount of 6.90% fixed rate debt secured by avalon orchards in advance of its scheduled maturity date, incurring a charge of $635,000, consisting of a prepayment penalty of $282,000 and the non-cash write-off of unamortized deferred financing costs of $353,000.
•   in august 2018, we repaid $95,859,000 aggregate principal amount of variable rate debt secured by avalon calabasas, of which $51,449,000 was repaid at par at its scheduled maturity date, and $44,410,000 was repaid at par in advance of its april 2028 maturity date. we recognized a non-cash charge of $1,690,000 for the write-off of unamortized debt discount.
•   in december 2018, we repaid $250,000,000 principal amount of 6.10% unsecured notes in advance of its march 2020 scheduled maturity, recognizing a charge of $8,926,000, consisting of a prepayment penalty of $8,579,000 and a non-cash write-off of deferred financing costs of $347,000.
•   in december 2018, in conjunction with the formation of the nyc joint venture as discussed in note 5, "investments in real estate entities" of our consolidated financial statements, the following financing activities took place:
◦   we repaid $93,800,000 of variable rate debt secured by avalon bowery place i in advance of its november 2037 maturity date. in conjunction with the repayment, we recognized a charge of $5,837,000, consisting of a prepayment penalty of $2,874,000 and the non-cash write-off of unamortized deferred financing costs of $2,963,000.
◦   we entered into a $93,800,000 fixed rate note secured by avalon bowery place i, with a contractual interest rate of 4.01%, maturing in january 2029.
◦   we entered into a $39,639,000 fixed rate note secured by avalon bowery place ii, with a contractual interest rate of 4.01%, maturing in january 2029.
◦   we entered into a $12,500,000 fixed rate note secured by avalon morningside park, with a contractual interest rate of 3.95%, maturing in january 2029.
◦   we entered into a $150,000,000 fixed rate note secured by avalon west chelsea and ava high line, a dual-branded community, with contractual interest rate of 4.01%, maturing in january 2029.
◦   the nyc joint venture then assumed the aggregate $295,939,000 of new borrowings discussed above, as well as the previously outstanding $100,000,000 fixed rate note secured by avalon morningside park with a contractual interest rate of 3.50%.
the following table details our consolidated debt maturities for the next five years, excluding our credit facility and amounts outstanding related to communities classified as held for sale, for debt outstanding at december 31, 2018 and 2017 (dollars in thousands). we are not directly or indirectly (as borrower or guarantor) obligated in any material respect to pay principal or interest on the indebtedness of any unconsolidated entities in which we have an equity or other interest.
all-in         principal                             balance outstanding (2)       scheduled maturities interest         maturity rate (1)         date community                                         12/31/2017                           12/31/2018                    2019   2020                2021                2022                2023                      thereafter tax-exempt bonds fixed rate avalon oaks west                    7.55      %         apr-2043    (3)       $15,213                        $-             $-                  $-                  $-                  $-                  $-                               $-
all-in             principal                                 balance outstanding (2)       scheduled maturities interest              maturity rate (1)                  date community                                                                   12/31/2017                  12/31/2018                      2019   2020                  2021                  2022                  2023                         thereafter variable rate avalon calabasas                            2.40         %              aug-2018                52,092                           -             -                     -                     -                     -                     -                         -
total indebtedness - excluding credit facility                                              $7,404,313                  $7,102,355             $118,546              $543,112              $580,048              $552,318              $602,439                  $4,705,892
(1)   includes credit enhancement fees, facility fees, trustees' fees, the impact of interest rate hedges, offering costs, mark to market amortization and other fees.
(2)   balances outstanding represent total amounts due at maturity, and exclude deferred financing costs and debt discount for the unsecured notes of $44,007 and $47,236 as of december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively, deferred financing costs and debt discount associated with secured notes of $18,085 and $27,607 as of december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively, as reflected on our consolidated balance sheets included elsewhere in this report.
(3)   during 2018, we repaid this borrowing in advance of its scheduled maturity date.
(4)   maturity date reflects the contractual maturity of the underlying bond. there is also an associated earlier credit enhancement maturity date.
(6)   during 2018, we refinanced this borrowing in advance of its scheduled maturity date and it was subsequently assumed by the nyc joint venture, in which we own a 20.0% interest, as discussed above.
future financing and capital needs-portfolio and capital markets activity in 2019, we expect to meet our liquidity needs from a variety of internal and external sources, including (i) real estate dispositions, (ii) cash balances on hand as well as cash generated from our operating activities, (iii) borrowing capacity under our credit facility and (iv) secured and unsecured debt financings. additional sources of liquidity in 2019 may include the issuance of common and preferred equity. our ability to obtain additional financing will depend on a variety of factors such as market conditions, the general availability of credit, the overall availability of credit to the real estate industry, our credit ratings and credit capacity, as well as the perception of lenders regarding our long or short-term financial prospects.
before beginning new construction or reconstruction activity, including activity related to communities owned by unconsolidated joint ventures, we intend to plan adequate financing to complete these undertakings, although we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain such financing. in the event that financing cannot be obtained, we may have to abandon development rights, write off associated pre-development costs that were capitalized and/or forego reconstruction activity. in such instances, we will not realize the increased revenues and earnings that we expected from such development rights or reconstruction activity and significant losses could be incurred.
from time to time we use joint ventures to hold or develop individual real estate assets. we generally employ joint ventures primarily to mitigate asset concentration or market risk and secondarily as a source of liquidity. we may also use joint ventures related to mixed-use land development opportunities where our partners bring development and operational expertise to the venture. each joint venture or partnership agreement has been individually negotiated, and our ability to operate and/or dispose of a community in our sole discretion may be limited to varying degrees depending on the terms of the joint venture or partnership agreement. we cannot assure you that we will achieve our objectives through joint ventures.
in evaluating our allocation of capital within our markets, we sell assets that do not meet our long-term investment criteria or when capital and real estate markets allow us to realize a portion of the value created over our ownership periods and redeploy the proceeds from those sales to develop and redevelop communities. because the proceeds from the sale of communities may not be immediately redeployed into revenue generating assets that we develop, redevelop or acquire, the immediate effect of a sale of a community for a gain is to increase net income, but reduce future total revenues, total expenses and noi until such time as the proceeds have been redeployed into revenue generating assets. we believe that the temporary absence of future cash flows from communities sold will not have a material impact on our ability to fund future liquidity and capital resource needs.
unconsolidated real estate investments and off-balance sheet arrangements unconsolidated investments during 2018, we contributed five wholly-owned operating communities located in new york, ny to a newly formed joint venture (the "nyc joint venture"), for net cash proceeds of $276,799,000 and the assumption of $395,939,000 of secured indebtedness by the venture, recognizing a gain on sale of $179,861,000. we retained a 20.0% interest in the venture and are acting as the managing member of the venture as well as the property manager for the communities. the five communities contain an aggregate of 1,301 apartment homes and 58,000 square feet of retail space. in conjunction with the formation of the venture, we entered into the refinancing and borrowing activities discussed in "liquidity and capital resources, future financing and capital needs-debt maturities" and the venture assumed all outstanding indebtedness.
the u.s. fund has six institutional investors, including us. we are the general partner of the u.s. fund and, excluding costs incurred in excess of our equity in the underlying net assets of the u.s. fund, we have an equity investment of $31,194,000 (net of distributions), representing a 28.6% combined equity interest. the u.s. fund was formed in july 2011 and is fully invested. the u.s. fund has a term that expires in july 2023, assuming the exercise of two, one-year extension options. during 2018, the u.s. fund sold one community containing 131 apartment homes for a sales price of $85,500,000. our share of the gain was $8,636,000. in conjunction with the disposition of this community, the u.s. fund repaid $27,928,000 of related secured indebtedness in advance of the scheduled maturity date.
the ac jv has four institutional investors, including us. excluding costs incurred in excess of our equity in the underlying net assets of the ac jv, we have an equity investment of $34,799,000 (net of distributions), representing a 20.0% equity interest. the ac jv was formed in 2011. during 2018, the ac jv sold one community containing 392 apartment homes for a sales price of $94,250,000. our proportionate share of the gain in accordance with gaap was $2,019,000. in conjunction with the disposition of this community, the ac jv repaid a $50,647,000 loan to the equity investors in the venture at par.
during 2016, we entered into a joint venture to develop, own, and operate ava north point, an apartment community located in cambridge, ma, which completed construction during 2018 and contains 265 apartment homes. we own a 55.0% interest in the venture, and the venture partner owns the remaining 45.0% interest. ava north point is the third phase of a master planned development, the other phases of which are owned through the ac jv. during 2016, we provided the partners of the ac jv the opportunity to acquire the ava north point land parcel we owned as required in the right of first offer ("rofo") provisions for the ac jv. after certain partners of the ac jv declined to participate, we entered into the new joint venture and sold the land parcel to the venture in exchange for a cash payment and a capital account credit, and managed the development of ava north point in exchange for a developer fee. upon sale of the land parcel, we recognized a gain of $10,621,000. at december 31, 2018, excluding costs incurred in excess of our equity in the underlying net assets of ava north point, we have an equity investment of $45,162,000.
during 2015, we entered into a joint venture agreement to purchase land and pursue entitlements and pre-development activity for a mixed-use development project in sudbury, ma, including multifamily apartment homes, retail, senior housing and age-restricted housing. we have a 60.0% ownership interest in the venture. during 2017, we and our joint venture partner each acquired our respective portions of the real estate held by the venture, with our portion consisting of a parcel of land on which we are developing an apartment community, acquired for an investment of $19,200,000. along with our joint venture partner, we retained continuing involvement with the venture to fund the completion of the planned infrastructure and site work which is substantially complete as of december 31, 2018.
as part of the archstone acquisition we entered into a limited liability company agreement with equity residential, through which we assumed obligations of archstone in the form of preferred interests, some of which are governed by tax protection arrangements (the "legacy jv"). we have a 40.0% interest in the legacy jv. during the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, the legacy jv redeemed certain of the preferred interests and paid accrued dividends, of which our portion was $1,120,000, $2,000,000 and $1,960,000, respectively. at december 31, 2018, the remaining preferred interests had an aggregate liquidation value of $36,806,000, our 40.0% share of which was included in accrued expenses and other liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets presented elsewhere in this report.
in conjunction with the archstone acquisition, through subsidiaries, we entered into three limited liability company agreements with equity residential (collectively, the "residual jv") through which we and equity residential acquired (i) certain assets of archstone that we and equity residential have divested (the "residual assets"), and (ii) various liabilities of archstone that we and equity residential agreed to assume (the "residual liabilities"). the residual assets included various licenses, insurance policies, contracts, office leases and other miscellaneous assets. the residual liabilities include most existing or future litigation and claims related to archstone's operations for periods before the close of the archstone acquisition, except for (i) claims that principally relate to the physical condition of the assets acquired directly by us or equity residential, which generally remain the sole responsibility of us or equity residential, as applicable, and (ii) certain tax and other litigation between archstone and various equity holders in archstone related to periods before the close of the archstone acquisition, and claims which may arise due to changes in the capital structure of archstone that occurred prior to closing, for which the seller has agreed to indemnify us and equity residential. we jointly control the residual jv with equity residential and we hold a 40.0% economic interest in the residual jv. we believe our remaining potential obligations under the residual jv will not have a material impact on our financial position or results of operations.
in addition, during 2018, we held an investment in, and received the final distributions for fund ii. fund ii was established to engage in a real estate acquisition program through a discretionary investment fund. we believe this investment format provides the following attributes: (i) third-party joint venture equity as an additional source of financing to expand and diversify our portfolio; (ii) additional sources of income in the form of property management and asset management fees and, potentially, incentive distributions if the performance exceeds certain thresholds; and (iii) additional visibility into the transactions occurring in multifamily assets that helps us with other investment decisions related to our wholly-owned portfolio.
fund ii had six institutional investors, including us. one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries was the general partner of fund ii and we had an equity interest of 31.3% combined general partner and limited partner equity interest. upon achievement of a threshold return, we had a right to incentive distributions for our promoted interest which represented the first 40.0% of further fund ii distributions, which was in addition to our share of the remaining 60.0% of distributions. fund ii served as the exclusive vehicle for acquiring apartment communities from its formation in 2008 through the close of its investment period in august 2011. in 2017, fund ii sold its final apartment communities and we completed the dissolution of fund ii in 2018.
as of december 31, 2018, we had investments in the following unconsolidated real estate entities accounted for under the equity method of accounting. refer to note 5, "investments in real estate entities," of the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report, which includes information on the aggregate assets, liabilities and equity, as well as operating results, and our proportionate share of their operating results. for ventures holding operating apartment communities as of december 31, 2018, detail of the real estate and associated funding underlying our unconsolidated investments is presented in the following table (dollars in thousands).
unconsolidated real estate investments      companyownershippercentage          # ofapartmenthomes         totalcapitalizedcost (1)        principal amount      type            interestrate (3)      maturitydate nyta mf investors llc
1. avalon studio 4121-studio city, ca                                             149                            57,146                     28,297              fixed            3.34          %      nov 2022
total unconsolidated investments                                           3,659                        $1,601,748                   $838,633                               3.87          %
(1)   represents total capitalized cost as of december 31, 2018.
(2)   we have not guaranteed the debt of unconsolidated investees and bear no responsibility for the repayment.
(4)   borrowing on this community is comprised of two mortgage loans.
(5)   borrowing on this dual-branded community is comprised of a single mortgage loan.
(6)   borrowing on this community is a variable rate loan which has been converted to a fixed rate borrowing with an interest rate swap.
(7)   borrowing is comprised of a loan made by the equity investors in the venture in proportion to their equity interests.
off-balance sheet arrangements in addition to our investment interests in consolidated and unconsolidated real estate entities, we have certain off-balance sheet arrangements with the entities in which we invest. additional discussion of these entities can be found in note 5, "investments in real estate entities," of our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report.
we have not guaranteed the debt of our unconsolidated real estate entities, as referenced in the table above, nor do we have any obligation to fund this debt should the unconsolidated real estate entities be unable to do so. in the future, in the event the unconsolidated real estate entities were unable to meet their obligations under a loan, we cannot predict at this time whether we would provide any voluntary support, or take any other action, as any such action would depend on a variety of factors, including the amount of support required and the possibility that such support could enhance the return of the unconsolidated real estate entities and/or our returns by providing time for performance to improve.
there are no other material lines of credit, side agreements, financial guarantees or any other derivative financial instruments related to or between our unconsolidated real estate entities and us. in evaluating our capital structure and overall leverage, management takes into consideration our proportionate share of the indebtedness of unconsolidated entities in which we have an interest.
contractual obligations scheduled contractual obligations required for the next five years and thereafter are as follows as of december 31, 2018 (dollars in thousands):
capital lease obligations (2)(3)          46,618                   1,075                       2,157                     2,166                    41,220
(2)   includes land leases expiring between october 2026 and march 2142. amounts do not include any adjustment for purchase options available under the land leases.
(3)   aggregate capital lease payments include $26,375 in interest costs.
inflation and deflation substantially all of our apartment leases are for a term of one year or less. in an inflationary environment, this may allow us to realize increased rents upon renewal of existing leases or the beginning of new leases. short-term leases generally minimize our risk from the adverse effect of inflation, although these leases generally permit residents to leave at the end of the lease term and therefore expose us to the effect of a decline in market rents. similarly, in a deflationary rent environment, we may be exposed to declining rents more quickly under these shorter-term leases.
recent u.s. federal income tax updates this summary is for general information purposes only and is not tax advice. this discussion does not address all aspects of taxation that may be relevant to particular holders of our securities in light of their personal investment or tax circumstances.
the following discussion supplements and updates the disclosures under "federal income tax considerations and consequences of your investment" in the prospectus dated february 23, 2018 contained in our registration statement on form s-3 filed with the sec on february 23, 2018.
consolidated appropriations act updates on march 23, 2018, the consolidated appropriations act, 2018 (the "caa") was enacted. the caa amended various provisions of the code and implicate certain tax-related disclosures contained in the prospectus. as a result, the discussion under "federal income tax considerations and consequences of your investment-u.s. taxation of non-u.s. stockholders-special firpta rules" of the prospectus is replaced with the following paragraphs:
special firpta rules. to the extent our stock is held directly (or indirectly through one or more partnerships) by a "qualified shareholder," it will not be treated as a u.s. real property interest for such qualified shareholder. further, to the extent such treatment applies, any distribution to such shareholder will not be treated as gain recognized from the sale or exchange of a u.s. real property interest. for these purposes, a qualified shareholder is generally a non-u.s. stockholder that (i)(a) is eligible for treaty benefits under an income tax treaty with the united states that includes an exchange of information program, and the principal class of interests of which is listed and regularly traded on one or more stock exchanges as defined by the treaty, or (b) is a foreign limited partnership organized in a jurisdiction with an exchange of information agreement with the united states and that has a class of regularly traded limited partnership units (having a value greater than 50% of the value of all partnership units) on the new york stock exchange or nasdaq, (ii) is a "qualified collective investment vehicle" (within the meaning of section 897(k)(3)(b) of the code) and (iii) maintains records of persons holding 5% or more of the class of interests described in clauses (i)(a) or (i)(b) above. however, in the case of a qualified shareholder having one or more "applicable investors," the exception described in the first sentence of this paragraph will not apply to the applicable percentage of the qualified shareholder's stock (with "applicable percentage" generally meaning the percentage of the value of the interests in the qualified shareholder held by applicable investors after applying certain constructive ownership rules). the applicable percentage of the amount realized by a qualified shareholder on the disposition of our stock or with respect to a distribution from us attributable to gain from the sale or exchange of a u.s. real property interest will be treated as amounts realized from the disposition of u.s. real property interest. such treatment shall also apply to applicable investors in respect of distributions treated as a sale or exchange of stock with respect to a qualified shareholder. for these purposes, an "applicable investor" is a person (other than a qualified shareholder) who generally holds an interest in the qualified shareholder and holds more than 10% of our stock applying certain constructive ownership rules.
for firpta purposes, a "qualified foreign pension fund" shall not be treated as a non-u.s. stockholder, and any entity all of the interests of which are held by an qualified foreign pension fund shall be treated as such a fund. a "qualified foreign pension fund" is an organization or arrangement (i) created or organized in a foreign country, (ii) established to provide retirement or pension benefits to current or former employees (including self-employed individuals) or their designees by either (a) a foreign country as a result of services rendered by such employees to their employers, or (b) one or more employers in consideration for services rendered by such employees to such employers, (iii) which does not have a single participant or beneficiary that has a right to more than 5% of its assets or income, (iv) which is subject to government regulation and with respect to which annual information about its beneficiaries is provided, or is otherwise available, to relevant local tax authorities and (v) with respect to which, under its local laws, (a) contributions that would otherwise be subject to tax are deductible or excluded from its gross income or taxed at a reduced rate, or (b) taxation of its investment income is deferred, or such income is excluded from its gross income or taxed at a reduced rate.
in addition, the caa clarified that for purposes of determining if a reit is a "domestically controlled qualified investment entity" under firpta, the presumption that generally a person holding less than 5% of a reit's class of stock that is regularly traded on an established securities market in the united states for five years has been, and will be, treated as a u.s. person applies for testing periods ending on or after december 18, 2015 (e.g., if a testing period ends on june 1, 2018, then the presumption applies for the entire five-year period starting on june 1, 2013).
the caa also amended numerous code provisions relating to the new rules applicable to federal income tax audits of partnerships effective for taxable years beginning after december 31, 2017 to provide that a broader range of partnership-related items may be adjusted on audit or in other tax proceedings.
recent fatca regulations on december 18, 2018, the internal revenue service promulgated proposed treasury regulations under sections 1471-1474 of the code (commonly referred to as fatca), which proposed regulations eliminate fatca withholding on gross proceeds of a disposition of property that can produce u.s. source interest or dividends and thus implicate certain tax-related disclosures contained in the prospectus. while these proposed treasury regulations have not yet been finalized, taxpayers are generally entitled to rely on the proposed treasury regulations (subject to certain limited exceptions). as a result, the following revisions are made to the prospectus:
•   in the first sentence of the fourth paragraph under "federal income tax considerations and consequences of your investment - taxation of non-u.s. holders of debt securities - disposition of the debt securities," of the prospectus, the phrase "subject to the discussion below regarding fatca withholding" is deleted; and
•   the paragraph under "federal income tax considerations and consequences of your investment - other tax consequences for avalon bay, its stockholders, and holders of its debt securities - other u.s. federal income tax withholding and reporting requirements; fatca" of the prospectus is replaced with the following:
other u.s. federal income tax withholding and reporting requirements; fatca. the fatca provisions of the code, subject to administrative guidance and certain intergovernmental agreements entered into thereunder, impose a 30% withholding tax on certain types of payments made to "foreign financial institutions" and certain other non-u.s. entities unless (i) the foreign financial institution undertakes certain diligence and reporting obligations or (ii) the foreign non-financial entity either certifies it does not have any substantial united states owners or furnishes identifying information regarding each substantial united states owner. if the payee is a foreign financial institution that is not subject to special treatment under certain intergovernmental agreements, it must enter into an agreement with the united states treasury department requiring, among other things, that it undertakes to identify accounts held by certain united states persons or united states-owned foreign entities, annually report certain information about such accounts, and withhold 30% on payments to account holders whose actions prevent them from complying with these reporting and other requirements. investors in jurisdictions that have entered into "intergovernmental agreements" may, in lieu of the foregoing requirements, be required to report such information to their home jurisdictions. the compliance requirements under fatca are complex and special requirements may apply to certain categories of payees.
clarification finally, the discussion under "federal income tax considerations and consequences of your investment-u.s. taxation of non-u.s. stockholders-distributions by avalonbay" of the prospectus is clarified to explain that the exception to fiprta for 10% or smaller holders may apply only if our common stock is regularly traded an established securities market located in the united states.
forward-looking statements this form 10-k contains "forward-looking statements" as that term is defined under the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. you can identify forward-looking statements by our use of the words "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "intend," "estimate," "assume," "project," "plan," "may," "shall," "will" and other similar expressions in this form 10-k, that predict or indicate future events and trends and that do not report historical matters. these statements include, among other things, statements regarding our intent, belief or expectations with respect to:
•   our potential development, redevelopment, acquisition or disposition of communities;
•   the timing and cost of completion of apartment communities under construction, reconstruction, development or redevelopment;
•   the timing of lease-up, occupancy and stabilization of apartment communities;
•   the pursuit of land on which we are considering future development;
•   the anticipated operating performance of our communities;
•   our joint venture and discretionary fund activities;
•   our policies regarding investments, indebtedness, acquisitions, dispositions, financings and other matters;
•   our qualification as a reit under the internal revenue code;
•   the real estate markets in northern and southern california, denver, colorado, and southeast florida, and markets in selected states in the mid-atlantic, new england, metro new york/new jersey and pacific northwest regions of the united states and in general;
•   the availability of debt and equity financing;
•   general economic conditions including the potential impacts from current economic conditions;
•   trends affecting our financial condition or results of operations; and
we cannot assure the future results or outcome of the matters described in these statements; rather, these statements merely reflect our current expectations of the approximate outcomes of the matters discussed. we do not undertake a duty to update these forward-looking statements, and therefore they may not represent our estimates and assumptions after the date of this report. you should not rely on forward-looking statements because they involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond our control. these risks, uncertainties and other factors may cause our actual results, performance or achievements
to differ materially from the anticipated future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. you should carefully review the discussion under item 1a. "risk factors" in this report for further discussion of risks associated with forward-looking statements.
some of the factors that could cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, the following:
•   we may fail to secure development opportunities due to an inability to reach agreements with third parties to obtain land at attractive prices or to obtain desired zoning and other local approvals;
•   we may abandon or defer development opportunities for a number of reasons, including changes in local market conditions which make development less desirable, increases in costs of development, increases in the cost of capital or lack of capital availability, resulting in losses;
•   construction costs of a community may exceed our original estimates;
•   we may not complete construction and lease-up of communities under development or redevelopment on schedule, resulting in increased interest costs and construction costs and a decrease in our expected rental revenues;
•   occupancy rates and market rents may be adversely affected by competition and local economic and market conditions which are beyond our control;
•   financing may not be available on favorable terms or at all, and our cash flows from operations and access to cost effective capital may be insufficient for the development of our pipeline which could limit our pursuit of opportunities;
•   we may be unsuccessful in our management of the u.s. fund, the ac jv or the reit vehicles that are used with each respective joint venture;
•   we may be unsuccessful in managing changes in our portfolio composition; and
•   our expectations, estimates and assumptions regarding outstanding legal proceedings are subject to change.
critical accounting policies the preparation of financial statements in conformity with gaap requires management to use judgment in the application of accounting policies, including making estimates and assumptions. if our judgment or interpretation of the facts and circumstances relating to various transactions had been different, or different assumptions were made, it is possible that different accounting policies would have been applied, resulting in different financial results or a different presentation of our financial statements. below is a discussion of the accounting policies that we consider critical to an understanding of our financial condition and operating results that may require complex or significant judgment in their application or require estimates about matters which are inherently uncertain. a discussion of our significant accounting policies, including further discussion of the accounting policies described below, can be found in note 1, "organization, basis of presentation and significant accounting policies," of our consolidated financial statements.
principles of consolidation we may enter into various joint venture agreements with unrelated third parties to hold or develop real estate assets. we must determine for each of these ventures whether to consolidate the entity or account for our investment under the equity or cost basis of accounting.
we determine whether to consolidate certain entities based on our rights and obligations under the joint venture agreements, applying the applicable accounting guidance. for investment interests that we do not consolidate, we evaluate the guidance to determine the accounting framework to apply. the application of the rules in evaluating the accounting treatment for each joint venture is complex and requires substantial management judgment. therefore, we believe the decision to choose an appropriate accounting framework is a critical accounting estimate.
if we were to consolidate the joint ventures that we accounted for using the equity method at december 31, 2018, our assets would have increased by $1,247,749,000 and our liabilities would have increased by $741,282,000. we would be required to consolidate those joint ventures currently not consolidated for financial reporting purposes if the facts and circumstances changed, including but not limited to the following reasons, none of which are currently expected to occur:
•   for entities not considered to be variable interest entities, the nature of the entity changed such that it would be considered a variable interest entity and we were considered the primary beneficiary.
•   for entities in which we do not hold a controlling voting and/or variable interest, the contractual arrangement changed resulting in our investment interest being either a controlling voting and/or variable interest.
we evaluate our accounting for investments on a regular basis including when a significant change in the design of an entity occurs.
cost capitalization we capitalize costs during the development of assets. capitalization begins when we determine that development of a future asset is probable and continues until the asset, or a portion of the asset, is delivered and is ready for its intended use. for redevelopment efforts, we capitalize costs either (i) in advance of taking apartment homes out of service when significant renovation of the common area has begun and continue until the redevelopment is completed, or (ii) when an apartment home is taken out of service for redevelopment and continue until the redevelopment is completed and the apartment home is available for a new resident. rental income and operating expenses incurred during the initial lease-up or post-redevelopment lease-up period are fully recognized in earnings as they accrue.
during the development and redevelopment efforts we capitalize all direct costs and indirect costs which have been incurred as a result of the development and redevelopment activities. these costs include interest and related loan fees, property taxes as well as other direct and indirect costs. interest is capitalized for any project-specific financing, as well as for general corporate financing to the extent of our aggregate investment in the projects. indirect project costs, which include personnel and office and administrative costs that are clearly associated with our development and redevelopment efforts, are also capitalized. capitalized indirect costs associated with our development and redevelopment activities are comprised primarily of compensation related costs for associates dedicated to our development and redevelopment efforts and total $46,857,000, $47,063,000 and $45,201,000 for 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. the estimation of the direct and indirect costs to capitalize as part of our development and redevelopment activities requires judgment and, as such, we believe cost capitalization to be a critical accounting estimate.
there may be a change in our operating expenses in the event that there are changes in accounting guidance governing capitalization or changes to our levels of development or redevelopment activity. if changes in the accounting guidance limit our ability to capitalize costs or if we reduce our development and redevelopment activities without a corresponding decrease in indirect project costs, there may be an increase in our operating expenses.
we capitalize pre-development costs incurred in pursuit of development rights. these costs include legal fees, design fees and related overhead costs. future development of these pursuits is dependent upon various factors, including zoning and regulatory approval, rental market conditions, construction costs and availability of capital. pre-development costs incurred for pursuits for which future development is not yet considered probable are expensed as incurred. in addition, if the status of a development right changes, making future development no longer probable, any capitalized pre-development costs are written off with a charge to expense.
due to the subjectivity in determining whether a pursuit will result in the development of an apartment community, and therefore should be capitalized, the accounting for pursuit costs is a critical accounting estimate. as of december 31, 2018, capitalized pursuit costs associated with development rights totaled $47,443,000.
abandoned pursuit costs & asset impairment we evaluate our real estate and other long-lived assets for impairment when potential indicators of impairment exist. if events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of a property may not be recoverable, we assess its recoverability by comparing the carrying amount of the property to its estimated undiscounted future cash flows. if the carrying amount exceeds the aggregate undiscounted future cash flows, we recognize an impairment loss to the extent the carrying amount exceeds the estimated fair value of the property. we assess land held for development for impairment if our intent changes with respect to the development of the land. we evaluate our unconsolidated investments for impairment, considering both the carrying value of the investment, estimated to be the expected proceeds that it would receive if the entity were dissolved and the net assets were liquidated, as well as our proportionate share of any impairment of assets held by unconsolidated investments.
we expense costs related to abandoned pursuits, which include the abandonment of development rights and disposition pursuits. these costs can vary greatly, and the costs incurred in any given period may be significantly different in future years.
our focus on value creation through real estate development presents an impairment risk in the event of a future deterioration of the real estate and/or capital markets or a decision by us to reduce or cease development. we cannot predict the occurrence of future events that may cause an impairment assessment to be performed, or the likelihood of any future impairment charges, if any. you should also review item 1a. "risk factors" in this form 10-k.
reit status we are a maryland corporation that has elected to be treated, for u.s. federal income tax purposes, as a reit. we elected to be taxed as a reit under the code for the year ended december 31, 1994 and have not revoked such election. a reit is a corporate entity which holds real estate interests and must meet a number of organizational and operational requirements, including a requirement that it currently distribute at least 90% of its adjusted taxable income to stockholders. as a reit, we generally will not be subject to corporate level federal income tax on our taxable income if we annually distribute 100% of our taxable income to our stockholders. if we fail to qualify as a reit in any taxable year, we will be subject to regular federal and state corporate income taxes and may not be able to elect to qualify as a reit for four subsequent taxable years. for example, if we failed to qualify as a reit in 2018, our net income would have decreased by approximately $266,240,000.
our qualification as a reit requires management to exercise significant judgment and consideration with respect to operational matters and accounting treatment. therefore, we believe our reit status is a critical accounting estimate.
acquisition of investments in real estate we assess each acquisition of an operating community to determine if it meets the definition of a business or if it qualifies as an asset acquisition. we expect that acquisitions of individual operating communities will generally be viewed as asset acquisitions, and result in the capitalization of acquisition costs, and the allocation of purchase price to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on the relative fair value of the respective assets and liabilities.