item 1a. risk factors as a global investment management firm, risk is an inherent part of blackrock's business. global markets, by their nature, are prone to uncertainty and subject participants to a variety of risks. while blackrock devotes significant resources across all of its operations to identify, measure, monitor, manage and analyze market, operating, legal, compliance, fiduciary and investment risks, blackrock's business, financial condition, operating results and nonoperating results could be materially adversely affected and the company's stock price could decline as a result of any of these risks and uncertainties, including the ones discussed below.
market and competition risks changes in the value levels of equity, debt, real assets, commodities, foreign exchange or other asset markets may cause assets under management ("aum"), revenue and earnings to decline.
blackrock's investment management revenue is primarily comprised of fees based on a percentage of the value of aum and, in some cases, performance fees which are normally expressed as a percentage of returns to the client. numerous factors, including price movements in the equity, debt or currency markets, or in the price of real assets, commodities or alternative investments in which blackrock invests, could cause:
•   the value of aum, or the returns blackrock realizes on aum, to decrease;
•   the withdrawal of funds from blackrock's products in favor of products offered by competitors;
•   the rebalancing or reallocating of assets into blackrock products that yield lower fees;
•   an impairment to the value of intangible assets and goodwill; or
•   a decrease in the value of seed or co-investment capital.
rising interest rates and/or divergent beta may cause blackrock's aum and base fees to decline and introduce volatility to the company's net income and operating cash flows.
a number of central banks globally have recently begun increasing interest rates following a prolonged period of historically low rates. rising interest rates may, among other things: (i) cause the value of blackrock's aum to fluctuate, creating volatility in base fees, net income, and operating cash flows; (ii) adversely affect the liquidity in bonds and fixed-income products, resulting in lower performance, yield and base fees; (iii) introduce volatility to, or negatively impact the value of, blackrock's marked-to-market investments; (iv) result in investors withdrawing funds from lower yielding products to pursue investments with higher rates of return; (v) lead to blackrock's private credit clients experiencing difficulties in making higher interest payments, which may result in increased credit costs and potential provisions for loan losses and charge-offs for blackrock's funds; and (vi) make it more difficult for blackrock's funds to obtain financing for new investments, refinance existing investments or liquidate debt investments, which could negatively impact such funds' investment returns, revenues and liquidity. in the event that rising interest rates have any such effect, it may cause blackrock's aum and base fees to decline and introduce volatility to the company's net income and operating cash flows.
in addition, beta divergence between equity markets, where certain markets perform differently than others, may lead to an increase in the proportion of blackrock aum weighted toward lower fee equity products, resulting in a decline in blackrock's effective fee rate. divergent market factors may also erode the correlation between the growth rates of aum and base fees.
blackrock's investment advisory contracts may be terminated or may not be renewed by clients or fund boards on favorable terms and the liquidation of certain funds may be accelerated at the option of investors.
blackrock derives a substantial portion of its revenue from providing investment advisory services. the advisory or management contracts blackrock has entered into with its clients, including the agreements that govern many of blackrock's investment funds, provide investors or, in some cases, the independent directors of applicable investment funds, with significant latitude to terminate such contracts, withdraw funds or liquidate funds by simple majority vote with limited notice or penalty, or to remove blackrock as a fund's investment advisor (or equivalent). blackrock also manages its us mutual funds, closed-end and exchange-traded funds under management contracts that must be renewed and approved annually by the funds' respective boards of directors, a majority of whom are independent from the company. blackrock's fee arrangements under any of its advisory or management contracts may be reduced (including at the behest of a fund's board of directors). in addition, if a number of blackrock's clients terminate their contracts, or otherwise remove blackrock from its advisory roles, liquidate funds or fail to renew management contracts on favorable terms, the fees or carried interest blackrock earns could be reduced, which may cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
increased competition may cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
the investment management industry is highly competitive and has relatively low barriers to entry. blackrock competes based on a number of factors including: investment performance, the level of fees charged, the quality and diversity of services and products provided, name recognition and reputation, and the ability to develop new investment strategies and products to meet the changing needs of investors. in addition, the introduction of new technologies, as well as regulatory changes, have altered the competitive landscape for investment managers, which may lead to additional fee compression or require blackrock to spend more to modify or adapt its product offerings to attract and retain customers and remain competitive with products and services offered by other financial institutions, technology companies, trading, advisory or asset management firms. increased competition on the basis of any of these factors, including competition leading to fee reductions on existing or new business, may cause the company's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
failure to maintain aladdin's competitive position in a dynamic market for risk analytics could lead to a loss of clients and could impede blackrock's productivity and growth.
the sophisticated risk analytics that blackrock provides via its technology platform to support investment advisory and aladdin clients are an important element of blackrock's competitive success. aladdin's competitive position is based in part on its ability to combine risk analytics with portfolio management, trading and operations tools on a single platform. increased competition from risk analytics and investment management technology providers, including as a result of growing industry consolidation giving rise to competitors with increasingly sophisticated and comprehensive product offerings, or a shift in client demand away to standalone or internally developed solutions, whether due to price competition, perceived client market share, platform flexibility or market-based or regulatory factors, may weaken aladdin's competitive position and may cause the company's revenue and earnings to decline. moreover, although blackrock takes steps to safeguard against infringements of its intellectual property, there can be no assurance that the company will be able to effectively protect and enforce its intellectual property rights in aladdin.
the failure or negative performance of products offered by competitors may cause aum in similar blackrock products to decline irrespective of blackrock's performance.
many competitors offer similar products to those offered by blackrock and the failure or negative performance of competitors' products could lead to a loss of confidence in similar blackrock products, irrespective of the performance of such products. any loss of confidence in a product type could lead to withdrawals, redemptions and liquidity issues in such products, which may cause the company's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
changes in the value of seed and co-investments that blackrock owns could affect its income and could increase the volatility of its earnings.
at december 31, 2018, blackrock's net economic investment exposure of approximately $2.4 billion in its investments (see "item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations-investments and investments of consolidated vies") primarily resulted from co-investments and seed investments in its sponsored investment funds. movements in the equity, debt or currency markets, or in the price of real assets, commodities or other alternative investments, could lower the value of these investments as well as other minority investments, increase the volatility of blackrock's earnings and cause earnings to decline.
operating risks associated with blackrock's securities lending program may result in client losses.
blackrock lends securities to banks and broker-dealers on behalf of certain of its clients. in these securities lending transactions, the borrower is required to provide and maintain collateral at or above regulatory minimums. securities on loan are marked to market daily to determine if the borrower is required to pledge additional collateral. blackrock must manage this process and is charged with mitigating the associated operational risks. the failure of blackrock's controls to mitigate such operational risks could result in financial losses for the company's clients that participate in its securities lending programs (separate from the risks of collateral investments), and blackrock may be held liable for any failure to manage such risks.
blackrock indemnifies certain securities lending clients for specified losses as a result of a borrower default.
blackrock provides borrower default indemnification to certain of its securities lending clients. in the event of a borrower default, blackrock would use the collateral pledged by the borrower to repurchase securities out on loan in order to replace them in a client's account. borrower default indemnification is limited to the shortfall that occurs in the event the collateral available at the time of the borrower's default is insufficient to repurchase those securities out on loan. blackrock requires all borrowers to mark to market their pledged collateral daily to levels in excess of the value of the securities out on loan to mitigate the likelihood of the indemnity being triggered. where the collateral is in the form of cash, the indemnities blackrock provides do not guarantee, assume or otherwise insure the investment performance or return of any cash collateral vehicle into which that cash collateral is invested. the amount of securities on loan as of december 31, 2018 and subject to this type of indemnification was $201 billion. in the company's capacity as lending agent, cash and securities totaling $214 billion was held as collateral for indemnified securities on loan at december 31, 2018.  significant borrower defaults occurring simultaneously with rapid declines in the value of collateral pledged and/or increases in the value of the securities loaned may create collateral shortfalls, which could result in material liabilities under these indemnities and may cause the company's revenue and earnings to decline.
blackrock's decision to provide support to particular products from time to time, or the inability to provide support, may cause aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
while not legally mandated, blackrock may, at its option, from time to time choose to support investment products through capital or credit support for commercial or other reasons. such support may utilize capital and liquidity that would otherwise be available for other corporate purposes. losses on such support, as well as regulatory restrictions on the company's ability to provide such support or the failure to have available or devote sufficient capital or liquidity to support products, may cause aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
increased geopolitical unrest could adversely affect the global economy or specific international, regional and domestic markets, which may cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
geopolitical risks, including those arising from trade tension, european fragmentation, unrest in the middle east, brexit negotiations and terrorist activity, as well as acts of civil or international hostility, are increasing. these increased risks, as well as heightened security measures or changes in geopolitical policy in response thereto, may cause significant volatility and declines in the global markets, disruptions to commerce and reduced economic activity, as well as loss of life and property damage. global unrest, international conflicts or acts of terror, as well as continued instability in the geopolitical environment, may adversely affect the global economy or capital markets and cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
risks related to investment performance poor investment performance could lead to the loss of clients and may cause aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
the company's management believes that investment performance, including the efficient delivery of beta, is one of the most important factors for the growth and retention of aum. poor investment performance relative to applicable portfolio benchmarks, aggregate fee levels or competitors may cause aum, revenue and earnings to decline as a result of:
•   client withdrawals in favor of better performing products offered by competitors;
•   the diminishing ability to attract additional funds from existing and new clients;
•   reduced, minimal or no performance fees;
•   an impairment to the value of intangible assets and goodwill; or
•   a decrease in investment returns on seed and co-investment capital.
performance fees may increase volatility of both revenue and earnings.
a portion of blackrock's revenue is derived from performance fees on investment advisory assignments. performance fees represented $412 million, or 3%, of total revenue for the year ended december 31, 2018. generally, the company is entitled to a performance fee only if the agreement under which it is managing the assets provides for one and if returns on the related portfolio exceed agreed-upon periodic or cumulative return targets. if these targets are not exceeded, a performance fee for that period will not be earned and, if targets are based on cumulative returns, the company may not earn performance fees in future periods. the volatility of the company's future revenue and earnings may also be affected due to illiquid alternatives becoming an increasing component of the overall composition of the company's performance fee generating assets. in particular, as blackrock takes on more advisory assignments for illiquid investments, performance fees will generally be recognized over substantially longer multi-year periods than those associated with more liquid products.
failure to identify errors in the quantitative models blackrock utilizes to manage its business could adversely affect product performance and client relationships.
blackrock employs various quantitative models to support its investment processes, including those related to risk assessment, portfolio management, trading and hedging activities and product valuations. any errors in the underlying models or model assumptions, as well as any failure of blackrock's governance, approval, testing and validation standards in respect of such models or model assumptions, could have unanticipated and adverse consequences on blackrock's business and reputation.
technology and operational risks a failure in blackrock's operational systems or infrastructure, including business continuity plans, could disrupt operations, damage the company's reputation and cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
blackrock's infrastructure, including its technological capacity, data centers and office space, is vital to the competitiveness of its business. moreover, a significant portion of blackrock's critical business operations are concentrated in a limited number of geographic areas, including san francisco, new york, london and gurgaon. the failure to maintain an infrastructure commensurate with the size and scope of blackrock's business, or the occurrence of a business outage or event outside blackrock's control, including a major earthquake, hurricane, fire, terrorist act, pandemic or other catastrophic event in any location at which blackrock maintains a major presence, could materially impact operations, result in disruption to the business or impede its growth. in addition, despite blackrock's efforts to ensure business continuity, if it fails to keep business continuity plans up-to-date or if such plans, including secure back-up facilities and systems and the availability of back-up employees, are improperly implemented or deployed during a disruption, the company's ability to operate could be adversely impacted which may cause aum, revenue and earnings to decline or impact the company's ability to comply with regulatory obligations leading to reputational harm, regulatory fines and/or sanctions.
a cyber-attack or a failure to implement effective information and cybersecurity policies, procedures and capabilities could disrupt operations and cause financial losses that may cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
blackrock is dependent on the effectiveness of the information and cybersecurity policies, procedures and capabilities it maintains to protect its computer and telecommunications systems and the data that resides on or is transmitted through them. an externally caused information security incident, such as a cyber-attack including a phishing scam, malware, or denial-of-service attack, or an internally caused incident, such as failure to control access to sensitive systems, could materially interrupt business operations or cause disclosure or modification of sensitive or confidential client or competitive information. moreover, blackrock's increased use of mobile and cloud technologies could heighten these and other operational risks, as certain aspects of the security of such technologies may be complex, unpredictable or beyond blackrock's control. blackrock's growing exposure to the public internet, as well as reliance on mobile or cloud technology or any failure by mobile technology and cloud service providers to adequately safeguard their systems and prevent cyber-attacks, could disrupt blackrock's operations and result in misappropriation, corruption or loss of personal, confidential or proprietary information. in addition, there is a risk that encryption and other protective measures may be circumvented, particularly to the extent that new computing technologies increase the speed and computing power available.
there have been a number of recent highly publicized cases involving financial services and consumer-based companies reporting the unauthorized disclosure of client or customer information and the unauthorized transfer of customer funds, as well as cyber-attacks involving the dissemination, theft and destruction of corporate information or other assets, as a result of failure to follow procedures by employees or contractors or as a result of actions by third parties, including actions by terrorist organizations and hostile foreign governments. blackrock has
been the target of attempted cyber-attacks, as well as the co-opting of its brand, and must monitor and develop its systems to protect its technology infrastructure and data from misappropriation or corruption, as the failure to do so could disrupt blackrock's operations and cause financial losses. although blackrock has implemented policies and controls, and takes protective measures, to strengthen its computer systems, processes, software, technology assets and networks to prevent and address potential data breaches, inadvertent disclosures, cyber-attacks and cyber-related fraud, there can be no assurance that any of these measures prove effective. moreover, due to the complexity and interconnectedness of blackrock's systems, the process of upgrading or patching the company's protective measures could itself create a risk of security issues or system disruptions for the company, as well as for clients who rely upon, or have exposure to, blackrock's systems.
in addition, due to blackrock's interconnectivity with third-party vendors, advisors, central agents, exchanges, clearing houses and other financial institutions, blackrock may be adversely affected if any of them are subject to a successful cyber-attack or other information security event, including those arising due to the use of mobile technology or a third-party cloud environment. blackrock also routinely transmits and receives personal, confidential or proprietary information by email and other electronic means. the company collaborates with clients, vendors and other third parties to develop secure transmission capabilities and protect against cyber-attacks. however, blackrock cannot ensure that it or such third parties have all appropriate controls in place to protect the confidentiality of such information.
any information security incident or cyber-attack against blackrock or third parties with whom it is connected, including any interception, mishandling or misuse of personal, confidential or proprietary information, could result in material financial loss, loss of competitive position, regulatory fines and/or sanctions, breach of client contracts, reputational harm or legal liability, which, in turn, may cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
failure or unavailability of third-party dependencies may adversely affect aladdin operations and could lead to a loss of clients and could impede blackrock's productivity and growth.
blackrock relies on its ability to maintain a robust and secure technological framework to maximize the benefit of the aladdin platform. the analytical capabilities of aladdin depend on the ability of a number of third parties to provide data and other information as inputs into aladdin analytical calculations. the failure of these third parties to provide such data or information, or disruption of such information flows, could result in operational difficulties and adversely impact blackrock's ability to provide services to its investment advisory and aladdin clients.
continuing enhancements to aladdin's capabilities, as well as the expansion of the aladdin platform into new markets and geographies, have led to significant growth in aladdin's processing scale, which may expose blackrock to increased regulatory scrutiny and heightened operational, data management, cyber- and information-security risks.
the operation of blackrock's aladdin platform routinely involves updating existing capabilities, developing new functionalities and expanding coverage into new markets and geographies, including to address client or regulatory requirements. such updates and expansion have led to significant growth in aladdin's processing scale, which may expose blackrock to additional cyber- and information-security risks, as well as increased execution, operational and data management risks. if blackrock is unable to provide the operational resiliency and stability to support the expansion of aladdin and associated growth of its processing scale, blackrock may experience client attrition, reduced business, reputational harm or regulatory fines and/or sanctions, which may cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
in addition, the highly regulated business activities of many aladdin clients may indirectly expose blackrock to heightened regulatory scrutiny. for example, the changing political and regulatory environment in certain jurisdictions in which aladdin clients are based has required blackrock to open new data centers in those jurisdictions in order to host client data in the client's home location. operating new data centers in foreign jurisdictions may expose blackrock to increased operational complexity, as well as additional regulatory risks associated with the compliance requirements of such jurisdictions.
failure to maintain adequate corporate and contingent liquidity may cause blackrock's aum, liquidity and earnings to decline, as well as harm its prospects for growth.
blackrock's ability to meet anticipated cash needs depends upon a number of factors, including its creditworthiness and ability to generate operating cash flows. failure to maintain adequate liquidity could lead to unanticipated costs and force blackrock to revise existing strategic and business initiatives. blackrock's access to equity and debt markets and its ability to issue public or private debt, or secure lines of credit or commercial paper back-up lines, on reasonable terms may be limited by adverse market conditions, a reduction in its long- or short-term credit ratings, or changes in government regulations, including tax and interest rates. failure to obtain funds and/or financing, or any adverse change to the cost of obtaining such funds and/or financing, may cause blackrock's aum, liquidity and earnings to decline, curtail its operations and limit or impede its prospects for growth.
blackrock may be unable to develop new products and services and the development of new products and services may expose blackrock to additional costs or operational risk.
blackrock's financial performance depends, in part, on its ability to develop, market and manage new investment products and services. the development and introduction of new products and services require continued innovative efforts on the part of blackrock and may require significant time and resources as well as ongoing support and investment. substantial risk and uncertainties are associated with the introduction of new products and services, including the implementation of new and appropriate operational controls and procedures, shifting client and market preferences, the introduction of competing products or services and compliance with regulatory requirements. a failure to successfully manage these risks may have an adverse impact on blackrock's reputation or cause the company's costs to fluctuate, which may cause its aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
inorganic transactions may harm the company's competitive or financial position if they are not successful.
blackrock employs a variety of organic and inorganic strategies intended to enhance earnings, increase product offerings, access new clients, leverage advances in technology and expand into new geographies. inorganic strategies have included hiring smaller-sized investment teams,
making minority investments in early- to mid-stage technological and other ventures and acquiring investment management businesses and other small and medium-sized companies or divisions of companies. inorganic transactions involve a number of financial, accounting, tax, regulatory, geographical and operational challenges and uncertainties, including in some cases the assumption of pre-existing liabilities. any failure to identify and mitigate these risks through due diligence and indemnification provisions could adversely impact blackrock's reputation, may cause its aum, revenue and earnings to decline, and may harm the company's competitive position in the investment management industry. moreover, there can be no assurance that blackrock will be able to successfully integrate acquired businesses, retain associated talent or realize other intended benefits from inorganic transactions.
investments in real assets such as real estate, infrastructure and energy assets may expose blackrock and its funds and accounts to new or increased risks and liabilities, as well as reputational harm.
investments in real assets, including real estate, infrastructure and energy assets, may expose blackrock and its funds and accounts to increased risks and liabilities that are inherent in the ownership and management of such assets. these may include:
•   construction risks, including labor disputes or work stoppages, shortages of material or interruptions to the availability of necessary equipment;
•   accidents, adverse weather, force majeure or catastrophic events, such as explosions, fires or terrorist activity beyond blackrock's control;
•   failures on the part of third-party managers or sub-contractors appointed in connection with investments or projects to adequately perform their contractual duties or operate in accordance with applicable laws;
•   exposure to stringent and complex foreign, federal, state and local laws, ordinances and regulations, including those related to financial crime, permits, government contracting, conservation, exploration and production, tenancy, occupational health and safety, foreign investment and environmental protection;
•   environmental hazards, such as natural gas leaks, product and waste spills, pipeline and tank ruptures, and unauthorized discharges of products, wastes and other pollutants;
•   changes to the supply and demand for properties and/or tenancies or fluctuations in the price of commodities;
•   the financial resources of tenants; and
•   contingent liabilities on disposition of assets.
the above risks may expose blackrock's funds and accounts to additional expenses and liabilities, including costs associated with delays or remediation costs, and increased legal or regulatory costs, all of which could impact the returns earned by blackrock's clients. these risks could also result in direct liability for blackrock by exposing blackrock to losses, regulatory sanction or litigation, including claims for compensatory or punitive damages. similarly, market conditions may change during the course of developments or projects in which blackrock invests that make such development or project less attractive than at the time it was commenced and potentially harm the investment returns of blackrock's clients. the occurrence of any such events may expose blackrock to reputational harm, divert management's attention away from blackrock's other business activities or cause its aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
operating in international markets increases blackrock's operational, political, regulatory and other risks.
as a result of blackrock's extensive international operations, the company faces associated operational, regulatory, reputational, political and foreign exchange rate risks, many of which are outside of the company's control. operating outside the united states ("us") may also expose blackrock to increased compliance risks, as well as higher compliance costs to comply with us and non-us anti-corruption, anti-money laundering and sanctions laws and regulations. the failure of the company's systems of internal control to mitigate such risks, or of its operating infrastructure to support its global activities, could result in operational failures and regulatory fines and/or sanctions, which may cause the company's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
risks related to human capital the potential for human error in connection with blackrock's operational systems could disrupt operations, cause losses, lead to regulatory fines or damage the company's reputation and may cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
many of blackrock's operations are highly complex and are dependent on the company's ability to process and monitor a large number of transactions, many of which occur across numerous markets and currencies at high volumes and frequencies. although blackrock expends considerable resources on systemic controls, supervision, technology and training in an effort to ensure that such transactions do not violate client guidelines and applicable rules and regulations or adversely affect clients, counterparties or the company, blackrock's operations are dependent on its employees. from time-to-time, employees make mistakes that are not always immediately detected by systems, controls, policies and procedures intended to prevent and detect such errors. these can include calculation errors, errors in software implementation or development, failure to ensure data security, follow processes, patch systems or report issues, or errors in judgment. human errors, even if promptly discovered and remediated, may disrupt operations or result in regulatory fines and/or sanctions, breach of client contracts, reputational harm or legal liability, which, in turn, may cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
fraud, the circumvention of controls or the violation of risk management and workplace policies could have an adverse effect on blackrock's reputation, which may cause the company's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
although blackrock seeks to foster a positive workplace culture, has adopted a comprehensive risk management process and continues to enhance various controls, procedures, policies and systems to monitor and manage risks, it cannot ensure that its workplace culture or such controls, procedures, policies and systems will successfully identify and manage internal and external risks. blackrock is subject to the risk that its employees, contractors or other third parties may deliberately or recklessly seek to circumvent established controls to commit fraud, pay or solicit bribes or otherwise act in ways that are inconsistent with the company's controls, policies, procedures, workplace culture or principles. persistent attempts to circumvent policies and controls or repeated incidents involving fraud, conflicts of interests or transgressions of policies and controls could have an adverse effect on blackrock's reputation, which could cause adverse publicity, costly regulatory inquiries, fines and/or sanctions and may cause the company's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
the failure to recruit and retain employees and develop and implement effective executive succession could lead to the loss of clients and may cause aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
blackrock's success is largely dependent on the talents and efforts of its highly skilled workforce and the company's ability to plan for the future long-term growth of the business by identifying and developing those employees who can ultimately transition into key roles within blackrock. the global market for qualified fund managers, investment analysts, technology and risk specialists and other professionals is competitive, and factors that affect blackrock's ability to attract and retain such employees include the company's reputation and workplace culture, the immigration policies in the jurisdictions in which blackrock has offices, the compensation and benefits it provides, and its commitment to effectively managing executive succession, including the development and training of qualified individuals.
in addition, a percentage of the deferred compensation that blackrock pays to its employees is tied to the company's share price. as such, if blackrock's share price were to decrease, the retention value of such deferred compensation would decrease. there can be no assurance that the company will continue to be successful in its efforts to recruit and retain employees and effectively manage executive succession. if blackrock is unable to offer competitive compensation or otherwise attract and retain talented individuals, or if it fails to effectively manage executive succession, the company's ability to compete effectively and retain its existing clients may be materially impacted.
risks related to key third-party relationships the impairment or failure of third parties may cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
blackrock's investment management activities expose the products and accounts it manages to many different industries and counterparties, including distributors, brokers and dealers, commercial and investment banks, clearing organizations, mutual and hedge funds, and other institutional clients. transactions with counterparties expose the products and accounts blackrock manages to credit risk in the event the applicable counterparty defaults. although blackrock regularly assesses risks posed by its counterparties, such counterparties may be subject to sudden swings in the financial and credit markets that may impair their ability to perform or they may otherwise fail to meet their obligations. any such impairment or failure could negatively impact the performance of products or accounts managed by blackrock, which could lead to the loss of clients and may cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
the failure of a key vendor to blackrock to fulfill its obligations or a failure by blackrock to maintain its relationships with key vendors could have a material adverse effect on blackrock's growth, reputation or business, which may cause the company's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
blackrock depends on a number of key vendors for various fund administration, accounting, custody, market data, market indices, transfer agent roles and other distribution and operational needs. blackrock relies upon a relatively concentrated group of third party index providers to deliver services that are integral to its clients' investment decisions. the index provider industry is characterized by large vendors and the use of long-term contracts remains the market standard. this industry structure may limit blackrock's ability to renegotiate its index provider contracts on favorable terms or at all, which may expose blackrock to significant costs and/or operational difficulties and impair its ability to conduct or grow its business. moreover, while blackrock performs focused diligence on its vendors in an effort to ensure they operate in accordance with expectations, to the extent any significant deficiencies are uncovered, there may be few, or no, alternative vendors available. in addition, blackrock may from time to time transfer key contracts from one vendor to another. for example, blackrock is currently in the process of moving custody services on more than $1 trillion of client assets from state street corp. to jpmorgan chase & co., the migration of which is expected to be complete during the first half of 2019. key contract transfers may be costly and complex, and expose blackrock to heightened operational risks. any failure to mitigate such risks could result in reputational harm, as well as financial losses to blackrock and its clients. the failure or inability of blackrock to diversify its sources for key services or the failure of any key vendor to fulfill its obligations could result in activities inconsistent with clients' investment management agreements, have an adverse financial impact on blackrock products or lead to operational and regulatory issues for the company, which could result in reputational harm or legal liability, fines and/or sanctions and may cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
blackrock relies on a number of third parties to provide distribution, portfolio administration and servicing for certain blackrock investment management products and services through their various distribution channels. blackrock's ability to maintain strong relationships with its distributors may impact the company's future performance, and its relationships with distributors are subject to periodic renegotiation that may result in increased distribution costs and/or reductions in the amount of blackrock products and services being marketed or distributed. moreover, new fiduciary regulations could lead to significant shifts in distributors' business models and more limited product offerings, potentially resulting in reduced distribution and/or marketing of certain of the company's products and services and fee compression. if blackrock is unable to distribute its products and services successfully, if it experiences an increase in distribution-related costs, or if it is unable to replace or renew existing distribution arrangements, blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings may decline. in addition, improper activities, as well as inadequate anti-money laundering diligence conducted by third-party distributors, could create reputational and regulatory harm to blackrock.
disruption to the operations of third parties whose functions are integral to blackrock's exchange-traded fund ("etf") platform may adversely affect the prices at which etfs trade, particularly during periods of market volatility.
blackrock is the largest provider of etfs globally. shares of etfs trade on stock exchanges at prices at, above or below the etf's most recent net asset value. the net asset value of an etf is calculated at the end of each business day and fluctuates with changes in the market value of the etf's holdings. the trading price of the etf's shares fluctuates continuously throughout trading hours. while an etf's creation/redemption feature and the arbitrage mechanism are designed to make it more likely that the etf's shares normally will trade at prices close to the etf's net asset value, exchange prices may deviate significantly from the etf's net asset value. etf market prices are subject to numerous potential risks, including trading halts invoked by a stock exchange, inability or unwillingness of market markers, authorized participants, settlement systems or other market participants to perform functions necessary for an etf's arbitrage mechanism to function effectively, or significant market volatility. although blackrock and other large issuers of etfs are working with market participants to seek to enhance us equity market resiliency, there can be no assurance that structural reforms will be implemented in a timely or effective fashion, or at all. moreover, if market events lead to incidences where etfs trade at prices that deviate significantly from an etf's net asset value, or trading halts are invoked by the relevant stock exchange or market, investors may lose confidence in etf products and redeem their holdings, which may cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
legal and regulatory risks blackrock is subject to extensive regulation around the world.
blackrock's business is subject to extensive regulation around the world. these regulations subject blackrock's business activities to an array of increasingly detailed operational requirements, compliance with which is costly and complex. in addition, many of blackrock's legal entities may be subject to laws and regulations aimed at preventing corruption, money laundering, inappropriate employment practices, illegal payments and engaging in business activities with certain individuals, countries or groups, including but not limited to the us foreign corrupt practices act, the usa patriot act, the bank secrecy act and the uk bribery act. blackrock is also subject to certain risk retention rules and regulation, as well as regulatory capital requirements, which require the company to maintain capital to support certain of its businesses. furthermore, many jurisdictions in which blackrock operates have laws and regulations relating to data privacy, cybersecurity and protection of personal information, including the general data protection regulation, which expands data protection rules for individuals within the european union ("eu") and for personal data exported outside the eu. any determination of a failure to comply with any such laws or regulations could result in fines and/or sanctions against the company, as well as reputational harm. moreover, to the extent that these laws and regulations become more stringent, or if blackrock is required to hold increased levels of capital to support its businesses, the company's financial performance or plans for growth may be adversely impacted.
blackrock may also be adversely affected by a failure to comply with existing laws and regulations or by changes in the interpretation or enforcement of such laws and regulations, including those discussed above. challenges associated with interpreting regulations issued in numerous countries in a globally consistent manner may add to such risks, if regulators in different jurisdictions have inconsistent views or provide only limited regulatory guidance. in particular, violation of applicable laws or regulations could result in fines and/or sanctions, temporary or permanent prohibition of certain activities, reputational harm and related client terminations, suspensions of employees or revocation of their licenses, suspension or termination of investment adviser, broker-dealer or other registrations, or suspension or termination of blackrock's bank charter or other sanctions, which could have a material adverse effect on blackrock's reputation or business and may cause the company's aum, revenue and earnings to decline. for a more extensive discussion of the laws, regulations and regulators to which blackrock is subject and regulated by, see "item 1 - business - regulation."
regulatory reforms in the united states expose blackrock to increasing regulatory scrutiny, as well as regulatory uncertainty.
in recent years a number of regulatory reforms have been proposed or fully or partially implemented in the united states, and the level of regulatory scrutiny to which blackrock is subject has increased. further changes to financial services regulation may arise, including in connection with the executive order issued in february 2017 (the "executive order") directing the us department of the treasury ("treasury") to identify laws, treaties, regulations and other policies that promote or inhibit certain core principles for financial regulation, that may directly or indirectly impact blackrock's business or operating activities. blackrock, as well as its clients, vendors and distributors, have expended resources and altered certain of their business or operating activities to prepare for, address and meet the requirements that such regulatory reforms impose. while blackrock is, or may become, subject to numerous reform initiatives in the united states, see "item 1 - business - regulation," key regulatory reforms that may impact the company include:
•   securities and exchange commission ("sec") rulemakings for us registered funds and investment advisers: the sec and its staff are engaged in various initiatives and reviews that seek to improve and modernize the regulatory structure governing the asset management industry, and registered investment companies in particular. in so doing, it has adopted rules that include (i) new monthly and annual reporting requirements for certain us registered funds; (ii) enhanced reporting regimes for investment advisers; and (iii) implementing liquidity risk management programs for etfs and open-end funds, other than money market funds. these rules, many of which are currently in an implementation period, will increase blackrock's public reporting and disclosure requirements, which could be costly and may impede blackrock's growth.
•   sec etf rule: in addition, in june 2018, the sec issued a proposed rule under the investment company act of 1940 (the "investment company act") known as the "etf rule". the etf rule is intended to establish a clear and consistent framework that allows most etfs operating under the investment company act to come to market without applying for individual exemptive orders.
•   sec standards of conduct proposal: in april 2018, the sec published a package of proposed rules and a proposed interpretation (collectively, the "proposals") intended to improve the retail investor experience and provide greater clarity regarding customers' relationships with broker-dealers and investment advisers. the proposals would: (i) create a principles-based standard of conduct for broker-dealers and require broker-dealers to act in the "best interest" of retail customers; (ii) "clarify and reaffirm" investment advisers' fiduciary obligations under the investment advisers act of 1940 (the "advisers act"); and (iii) create additional disclosure obligations for broker-dealers and investment advisers to help retail investors better understand relationships with investment professionals. the
sec also proposed the introduction of an enhanced disclosure regime, in addition to certain new compliance obligations for investment advisers that currently apply only to broker-dealers. if adopted without change, the proposals could increase blackrock's disclosure obligations, impact distribution arrangements between blackrock and its distribution partners, create compliance and operational challenges for blackrock's distribution partners and limit blackrock's ability to provide certain educational and other services to its clients.
•   the volcker rule: provisions of dodd-frank referred to as the "volcker rule" created a new section of the bank holding company act that places limitations on the ability of banks and their subsidiaries to engage in proprietary trading and to invest in and transact with certain private investment funds, including hedge funds, private equity funds and funds of funds (collectively "covered funds"). the bank holding company act by its terms does not currently apply to blackrock. the federal reserve has taken the position that pnc's ownership interest in blackrock, which is approximately 22%, causes blackrock to be treated as a nonbank subsidiary of pnc for the purpose of the bank holding company act and that blackrock is subject to banking regulation. based on this interpretation of the bank holding company act, the federal reserve could initiate a process to formally determine that pnc controls blackrock under the terms of the bank holding company act. any such determination, if successful, would subject blackrock to current and future regulatory requirements under the bank holding company act, including the volcker rule. conformance with the volcker rule may require blackrock to sell certain seed and co-investments that it holds in its covered funds, which may occur at a discount to existing carrying value depending on market conditions.
•   designation as a systemically important financial institution ("sifi"): the financial stability oversight council ("fsoc") has the authority to designate nonbank financial institutions as sifis. the fsoc's most recent statements generally indicate that it is focused on products and activities, rather than entity-specific designation, in its review of asset managers. the treasury report on asset management, issued in october 2017 pursuant to the executive order, also expressed this view. in addition, in november 2017, treasury made recommendations concerning the process by which the fsoc designates nonbanks as sifis, further supporting a products and activities approach to addressing risks in asset management. in the event that blackrock is designated as a sifi under dodd-frank, it could become subject to enhanced regulatory requirements and direct supervision by the federal reserve.
regulatory reforms in the united states could require blackrock to alter its future business or operating activities, which could be costly, impede the company's growth and cause its aum, revenue and earnings to decline. regulatory reform may also impact blackrock's banking, insurance company and pension fund clients, which could cause them to change their investment strategies or allocations in manners that may be adverse to blackrock.
international regulatory reforms expose blackrock and its clients to increasing regulatory scrutiny, as well as regulatory uncertainty.
blackrock's business and operating activities are subject to increasing regulatory oversight outside of the united states and the company may be affected by a number of proposed or fully or partially implemented reform initiatives in emea and the asia-pacific region, as well as volatility associated with international regulatory uncertainty, including:
•   british exit from the eu: following the june 2016 vote to exit the eu, the united kingdom ("uk") served notice under article 50 of the treaty on european union on march 29, 2017 to initiate the two-year long process of exiting from the eu, commonly referred to as "brexit". there is substantial uncertainty surrounding the terms upon which the uk will ultimately exit the eu. as a result, the uk's relationship with the eu, as well as whether an agreement will be reached by the march 29, 2019 exit deadline, remains unclear. moreover, the passage of time without a resolution in place has become a source of economic, political and regulatory instability. blackrock is implementing a number of steps to prepare for various outcomes, including effecting organizational, governance and operational changes, applying for and receiving licenses and permissions in the eu, and engaging in client communications. these steps, many of which have been time-consuming and costly, are expected to add complexity to blackrock's european operations. in addition, depending on the terms of the uk's exit from the eu, blackrock may experience organizational and operational challenges and incur additional costs in connection with its european operations post-brexit, which may impede the company's growth or impact its financial performance.
•   reform of eu investment markets: the european commission has revised the directive governing the provision of investment services in europe ("mifid") and introduced an associated regulation (together with certain secondary regulation, "mifid ii"). the regulation's requirements generally apply consistently across the eu. the mifid ii reforms, which came into force in january 2018, are substantive, materially changing market transparency requirements, enhancing protections afforded to investors, and increasing operational complexity for the company. new disclosure and reporting obligations have been introduced, together with restrictions on how research may be funded and the nature of payments that may be provided to distributors. mifid ii, together with other market structure reforms, force more derivatives to be traded on-exchange and introduce new commodity derivatives position limits. the broad nature of the mifid ii reforms impact blackrock's product development, client servicing and distribution models. in particular, additional disclosures are required to be made in respect of costs and fees blackrock charges to certain of its clients. mifid ii also impacts the ability of certain of blackrock's distribution partners to accept commissions from blackrock for distributing blackrock funds.
•   revised eu capital requirements: in december 2017, the european commission published a proposal for a new directive and regulation on prudential requirements for mifid investment firms. the new legislative package is expected to come into effect in 2020 once agreed by the european council and parliament. once implemented, any new requirements could result in significant changes to the amount of regulatory capital that blackrock is required to hold in the eu.
•   eu market access: in september 2017, the european commission issued a proposal requiring that all third-country outsourcing, delegation and risk transfer arrangements be assessed by the european securities and markets authority ("esma"). if enacted, the proposal would transfer to esma the ability of eu member states to authorize the outsourcing of asset management activities beyond the eu's borders. while the proposal remains under discussion, if enacted, it could significantly impact asset management firms with non-eu operations, including blackrock, and it may affect the company's ability to delegate fund management, supporting activity and/or costs associated with such delegation.
•   eu money market fund reform: in june 2017, the european commission published new money market regulations (the "mm regulations") which took effect in january 2019. the mm regulations are intended to reduce perceived risks of eu-based money market products. the mm regulations limit the use of constant net asset value money market funds to those holding only government money market instruments and introduce a new category of "low volatility net asset value" money market funds and two types of "variable net asset value funds". all categories of money market funds are subject to reinforced liquidity requirements, as well as safeguards such as liquidity fees and redemption gates. the mm regulations require fundamental changes to many of the company's money market funds offered in the eu and may reduce their attractiveness to investors.
•   senior managers and certification regime: in the uk, the fca is extending the senior managers and certification regime ("smcr") to all financial services firms beginning december 2019. the regime imposes greater accountability and responsibility across the senior management of uk financial services firms by making individuals in impacted firms more accountable for conduct and competence. smcr impacts nearly all staff of the company in the uk, and requires extensive documentation to support senior managers and evidence the discharge of their responsibilities.
•   uk asset management market study: the fca has adopted requirements for uk fund managers to assess whether the retail collective investments they manage offer "value" to investors. beginning in 2020, the company will be required annually to disclose the conclusions of its assessment based upon various factors including cost, performance and comparable services. if "value" has not been provided to consumers, the company will need to address any identified deficiencies. the fca also requested that the uk's competition and markets authority ("cma") assess the investment consultant and fiduciary markets. the cma's final report identified a number of competition issues in such markets and it will consider various remedies in 2019, including mandatory tendering of investment consultancy and fiduciary management services, and standards of disclosure of fees and performance. the cma's remedies could have a significant impact on the company's ability to enter into fiduciary and investment management mandates with uk pension fund clients.
•   designation as a systemically important financial institution: the financial stability board ("fsb") working with the international organization of securities commissions ("iosco") is considering potential systemic risk related to asset management; statements made by these organizations have generally indicated that they are, at this time, focused on products and activities, rather than designation, in their approach to the review of asset managers. the fsb has indicated that it may develop criteria for designation of non-bank non-insurers in the future to address "residual risks". any measures applied in relation to a global systemically important financial institution ("g-sifi") designation from the fsb would need to be implemented through existing regulatory processes and procedures by relevant national authorities.
international regulatory reforms could require blackrock to alter its future business or operating activities, which could be time-consuming and costly, impede the company's growth and cause its aum, revenue and earnings to decline. regulatory reform may also impact blackrock's internationally-based clients, which could cause them to change their investment strategies or allocations in manners that may be adverse to blackrock.
blackrock is subject to a number of sources of potential legal liability and the company, certain of the investment funds it manages and certain of its subsidiaries and employees have been named as defendants in various legal actions, including arbitrations, class actions and other litigation arising in connection with blackrock's activities. certain of blackrock's subsidiaries and employees are also subject to periodic examination, special inquiries and potential proceedings by regulatory authorities, including the securities exchange commission, office of the comptroller of the currency ("occ"), department of labor, commodity futures trading commission, financial conduct authority and federal reserve. similarly, from time to time, blackrock receives subpoenas or other requests for information from various us and non-us governmental and regulatory authorities in connection with certain industry-wide, company-specific or other investigations, proceedings or litigations. these examinations, inquiries and proceedings have in the past and could in the future, if compliance failures or other violations are found, cause the relevant governmental or regulatory authority to institute proceedings and/or impose sanctions for violations. any such action may also result in litigation by investors in blackrock's funds, other blackrock clients or blackrock's shareholders, which could harm the company's reputation and may cause its aum, revenue and earnings to decline, potentially harm the investment returns of the applicable fund, or result in the company being liable for damages.
in addition, when clients retain blackrock to manage their assets or provide them with products or services, they typically specify contractual requirements or guidelines that blackrock must observe in the provision of its services. a failure to comply with these guidelines or requirements could expose blackrock to lawsuits, harm its reputation or cause clients to withdraw assets or terminate contracts.
as blackrock's business continues to grow, the company must routinely address conflicts of interest, as well as the perception of conflicts of interest, between itself and its clients, employees or vendors. in addition, the sec and other regulators have increased their scrutiny of potential conflicts. blackrock has procedures and controls in place that are designed to detect and address these issues. however, appropriately dealing with conflicts of interest is complex and if the company fails, or appears to fail, to deal appropriately with any conflict of interest, it may face reputational damage, litigation, regulatory proceedings, or penalties, fines and/or sanctions, any of which may cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
blackrock is subject to us banking regulations that may limit its business activities.
blackrock's trust bank subsidiary, which is a national banking association chartered by the occ, is subject to occ regulation and capital requirements. the occ has broad supervisory and enforcement authority over blackrock's trust bank. being subject to banking regulation may put blackrock at a competitive disadvantage because certain of its competitors are not subject to these limitations. in addition, as described in "item 1-business-regulation", as of december 31, 2018, pnc owned approximately 22% of blackrock's capital stock, which may subject blackrock to banking regulation as a nonbank subsidiary of pnc. the bank holding company act by its terms does not currently apply to blackrock. the federal reserve has taken the position that this ownership interest causes blackrock to be treated as a nonbank subsidiary of pnc for the purpose of the bank holding company act and that blackrock is subject to banking regulation. based on this interpretation of the bank holding company act, the federal reserve could initiate a process to formally determine that pnc controls blackrock under the terms of the bank holding company act. any such determination, if successful, would subject blackrock to current and future regulatory requirements under the bank holding company act, including the volcker rule, that are more restrictive than those the company is subject to under other applicable laws, as well as the enforcement authority of the federal reserve, which includes the power to impose substantial fines and other penalties for violations. any effort by blackrock to contest a control determination by the federal reserve may be costly and complex and may not result in a reversal of such determination.
failure to comply with ownership reporting requirements could result in harm to blackrock's reputation and may cause its aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
of note among the various international regulations to which blackrock is subject are the extensive and increasingly stringent regulatory reporting requirements that necessitate the monitoring and reporting of issuer exposure levels (thresholds) across the holdings of managed funds and accounts and those of the company. the specific triggers and the reporting methods that these threshold filings entail vary significantly by regulator and across jurisdictions. blackrock continues to invest in technology, training and its employees to further enhance its monitoring and reporting functions. despite these investments, the complexity of the various threshold reporting requirements combined with the breadth of the assets managed by the company and high volume of securities trading have caused errors and omissions to occur in the past, and pose a risk that errors or omissions may occur in the future. any such errors may expose blackrock to monetary penalties, which could have an adverse effect on blackrock's reputation and may cause its aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
blackrock has been the subject of commentary citing concerns about index investing and common ownership.
as a leader in the index investing and asset management industry, blackrock has been the subject of commentary citing concerns about the growth of index investing, as well as perceived competition issues associated with asset managers managing stakes in multiple companies within certain industries, known as "common ownership". the commentators argue that index funds have the potential to distort investment flows, create stock price bubbles, or conversely, exacerbate a decline in market prices. additional commentary focuses on competition issues associated with common ownership and purports to link aggregated equity positions in certain concentrated industries managed by asset managers with higher consumer prices and escalating executive compensation, among other things. in the us, the ftc over the course of late 2018 held hearings on competition and consumer protection in the 21st century, one of which included a discussion of common ownership. in the eu, there are indications that the european commission's directorate general for competition may discuss common ownership. there is substantial literature highlighting the benefits of index investing, as well as casting doubt on the assumptions, methodology and conclusions associated with common ownership arguments. some commentators have proposed remedies, including limits on stakes managed by asset managers that, if enacted into policy measures, could adversely affect blackrock's business operations, reputation or financial condition.
new tax legislation or changes to existing us and non-us tax laws, treaties and regulations or challenges to blackrock's historical taxation practices may adversely affect blackrock's effective tax rate, business and overall financial condition.
blackrock's businesses may be directly or indirectly affected by tax legislation and regulation, or the modification of existing tax laws, by us or non-us authorities. on december 22, 2017, the tax cuts and jobs act (the "2017 tax act") was enacted. as proposed regulations and new guidance are released, the company continues to assess the impact of tax reform.
in addition, certain eu member states have enacted financial transaction taxes ("ftts"), which impose taxation on a broad range of financial instrument and derivatives transactions, and the european commission has proposed legislation to harmonize these taxes and provide for the adoption of eu-level legislation applicable to some (but not all) eu member states. if enacted as proposed, ftts could have an adverse effect on blackrock's financial results and on clients' performance results.
the application of tax regulations involves numerous uncertainties, and in the normal course of business us and non-us tax authorities may review and challenge tax positions adopted by blackrock. these challenges may result in adjustments to, or impact the timing or amount of, taxable income, deductions or other tax allocations, which may adversely affect blackrock's effective tax rate and overall financial condition. similarly, the company manages assets in products and accounts that have investment objectives which may conform to tax positions adopted by blackrock or to specific tax rules. to the extent there are changes in tax law or policy, or regulatory challenges to tax positions adopted by blackrock, the value or attractiveness of such investments may be diminished and blackrock may suffer financial or reputational harm.
risks related to blackrock's significant shareholder pnc owns 22% of blackrock's capital stock. future sales or distributions of blackrock's common stock in the public market by the company or pnc could adversely affect the trading price of blackrock's common stock.
as of december 31, 2018, pnc owned 22% of the company's capital stock. sales or distributions of a substantial number of shares of blackrock's common stock in the public market, or the perception that these sales or distributions might occur, may cause the market price of blackrock's common stock to decline.
pnc has agreed to vote as a stockholder in accordance with the recommendation of blackrock's board of directors, and certain actions will require special board approval or the prior approval of pnc.
as discussed in blackrock's proxy statement, pnc has agreed to vote all of its voting shares in accordance with the recommendation of blackrock's board of directors in accordance with the provisions of its stockholder agreement with blackrock. as a consequence, if the shares held by pnc constitute a substantial portion of the outstanding voting shares, matters submitted to a stockholder vote that require a majority or a plurality of votes for approval, including elections of directors, will have a substantial number of shares voted in accordance with the determination of the blackrock board of directors. this arrangement has the effect of concentrating a significant block of voting control over blackrock in its board of directors, whether or not stockholders agree with any particular determination of the board.
as discussed in blackrock's proxy statement, pursuant to blackrock's stockholder agreement with pnc, the following may not be done without prior approval of all of the independent directors, or at least two-thirds of the directors, then in office:
•   any merger, issuance of shares or similar transaction in which beneficial ownership of a majority of the total voting power of blackrock capital stock would be held by persons different than the persons holding such majority of the total voting power prior to the occurrence of any such merger, issuance of shares or similar transaction, or any sale of all or substantially all assets of blackrock;
•   any acquisition of any person or business which has a consolidated net income after taxes for its preceding fiscal year that equals or exceeds 20% of blackrock's consolidated net income after taxes for its preceding fiscal year if such acquisition involves the current or potential issuance of blackrock capital stock constituting more than 10% of the total voting power of blackrock capital stock issued and outstanding immediately after completion of such acquisition;
•   any acquisition of any person or business constituting a line of business that is materially different from the lines of business blackrock and its controlled affiliates are engaged in at that time if such acquisition involves consideration in excess of 10% of the total assets of blackrock on a consolidated basis;
•   except for repurchases otherwise permitted under the stockholder agreement, any repurchase by blackrock or any subsidiary of shares of blackrock capital stock such that after giving effect to such repurchase blackrock and its subsidiaries shall have repurchased more than 10% of the total voting power of blackrock capital stock within the 12-month period ending on the date of such repurchase;
•   any matter requiring stockholder approval pursuant to the rules of the new york stock exchange.
additionally, blackrock may not enter into any of the following transactions without the prior approval of pnc:
•   any sale of any subsidiary of blackrock, the annualized revenue of which, together with the annualized revenue of any other subsidiaries disposed of within the same year, are more than 20% of the annualized revenue of blackrock for the preceding fiscal year on a consolidated basis;
•   for so long as blackrock is deemed a subsidiary of pnc for purposes of the bank holding company act, entering into any business or activity that is prohibited for any such subsidiary under the bank holding company act;
•   any amendment of any provision of a stockholder agreement between blackrock and any stockholder beneficially owning greater than 20% of blackrock capital stock that would be viewed by a reasonable person as being adverse to pnc or materially more favorable to the rights of any stockholder beneficially owning greater than 20% of blackrock capital stock than to pnc;
•   any amendment, modification, repeal or waiver of blackrock's certificate of incorporation or bylaws that would be viewed by a reasonable person as being adverse to the rights of pnc or more favorable to the rights of any stockholder beneficially owning greater than 20% of blackrock capital stock, or any settlement or consent in a regulatory enforcement matter that would be reasonably likely to cause pnc or any of its affiliates to suffer regulatory disqualification, suspension of registration or license or other material adverse regulatory consequences; or
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations forward-looking statements this report, and other statements that blackrock may make, may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act, with respect to blackrock's future financial or business performance, strategies or expectations. forward-looking statements are typically identified by words or phrases such as "trend," "potential," "opportunity," "pipeline," "believe," "comfortable," "expect," "anticipate," "current," "intention," "estimate," "position," "assume," "outlook," "continue," "remain," "maintain," "sustain," "seek," "achieve," and similar expressions, or future or conditional verbs such as "will," "would," "should," "could," "may" and similar expressions.
blackrock cautions that forward-looking statements are subject to numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties, which change over time. forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and blackrock assumes no duty to and does not undertake to update forward-looking statements. actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements and future results could differ materially from historical performance.
blackrock has previously disclosed risk factors in its securities and exchange commission ("sec") reports. these risk factors and those identified elsewhere in this report, among others, could cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements or historical performance and include: (1) the introduction, withdrawal, success and timing of business initiatives and strategies; (2) changes and volatility in political, economic or industry conditions, the interest rate environment, foreign exchange rates or financial and capital markets, which could result in changes in demand for products or services or in the value of assets under management ("aum"); (3) the relative and absolute investment performance of blackrock's investment products; (4) the impact of increased competition; (5) the impact of future acquisitions or divestitures; (6) the unfavorable resolution of legal proceedings; (7) the extent and timing of any share repurchases; (8) the impact, extent and timing of technological changes and the adequacy of intellectual property, information and cyber security protection; (9) the potential for human error in connection with blackrock's operational systems; (10) the impact of legislative and regulatory actions and reforms and regulatory, supervisory or enforcement actions of government agencies relating to blackrock or the pnc financial services group, inc. ("pnc"); (11) changes in law and policy and uncertainty pending any such changes; (12) terrorist activities, international hostilities and natural disasters, which may adversely affect the general economy, domestic and local financial and capital markets, specific industries or blackrock; (13) the ability to attract and retain highly talented professionals; (14) fluctuations in the carrying value of blackrock's economic investments; (15) the impact of changes to tax legislation, including income, payroll and transaction taxes, and taxation on products or transactions, which could affect the value proposition to clients and, generally, the tax position of the company; (16) blackrock's success in negotiating distribution arrangements and maintaining distribution channels for its products; (17) the failure by a key vendor of blackrock to fulfill its obligations to the company; (18) any disruption to the operations of third parties whose functions are integral to blackrock's exchange-traded funds ("etf") platform; (19) the impact of blackrock electing to provide support to its products from time to time and any potential liabilities related to securities lending or other indemnification obligations; and (20) the impact of problems at other financial institutions or the failure or negative performance of products at other financial institutions.
overview blackrock, inc. (together, with its subsidiaries, unless the context otherwise indicates, "blackrock" or the "company") is a leading publicly traded investment management firm with $5.98 trillion of aum at december 31, 2018. with approximately 14,900 employees in more than 30 countries, blackrock provides a broad range of investment and technology services to institutional and retail clients worldwide.
for further information see business, in part i, item 1 and note 1, introduction and basis of presentation, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements contained in part ii, item 8.
the company adopted accounting standards update ("asu") 2014-09, revenue from contracts with customers ("asu 2014-09") effective january 1, 2018 on a full retrospective basis. accordingly, financial results for 2017 and 2016 were recast to reflect the adoption of the revenue recognition standard. for further information, refer to note 2, significant accounting policies, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements contained in part ii, item 8.
certain prior period presentations and disclosures, while not required to be recast, were reclassified to ensure comparability with current period classifications. beginning with the second quarter of 2018, the company changed the title "technology and risk management revenue" to "technology services revenue" on the consolidated statements of income. prior period amounts have not changed.
united kingdom exit from european union following the june 2016 vote to exit the eu, the united kingdom ("uk") served notice under article 50 of the treaty on european union on march 29, 2017 to initiate the two-year long process of exiting from the eu, commonly referred to as "brexit". there is substantial uncertainty surrounding the terms upon which the uk will ultimately exit the eu. as a result, the uk's relationship with the eu, as well as whether an agreement will be reached by the march 29, 2019 exit deadline, remains unclear. moreover, the passage of time without a resolution in place has become a source of economic, political and regulatory instability. blackrock is implementing a number of steps to prepare for various outcomes, including effecting organizational, governance and operational changes, applying for and receiving licenses and permissions in the eu, and engaging in client communications. these steps, many of which have been time-consuming and costly, are expected to add complexity to blackrock's european operations. in addition, depending on the terms of the uk's exit from the eu, blackrock may experience organizational and operational challenges and incur additional costs in connection with its european operations post-brexit, which may impede the company's growth or impact its financial performance.
acquisitions in august 2018, the company completed the acquisition of tennenbaum capital partners, llc ("tcp transaction"), a leading manager focused on middle market performing credit and special situation credit opportunities. the company believes the acquisition will enhance its
ability to provide clients with private credit solutions across a range of risk level, liquidity and geography. total cash consideration paid at closing was approximately $393 million.
in september 2018, the company completed the acquisition of the asset management business of citibanamex, a subsidiary of citigroup inc. ("citibanamex transaction"). the company acquired aum across local fixed income, equity and multi-asset products, enabling the company to offer a full range of local and international investment solutions for clients in mexico. total consideration at closing was approximately $360 million, including estimated contingent consideration.
divestitures in august 2018, the company completed the sale of its minority interest in dsp blackrock investment managers pvt. ltd. to the dsp group ("dsp transaction"). the company had a 40% stake in the joint venture, which managed and marketed a range of co-branded mutual funds in india. the company recorded a $40 million pre-tax nonoperating gain in connection with the dsp transaction.
in july 2018, the company completed the part vii transfer of the underlying assets and liabilities of its uk defined contribution administration and platform business to aegon n.v. ("aegon transaction"). the company continues to be the primary investment manager for the clients who transferred to aegon in connection with the transaction. this transaction was not material to the company's consolidated statements of financial condition or results of operations.
business outlook blackrock's framework for long-term value creation is predicated on generating differentiated organic growth, leveraging scale to increase operating margins over time, and returning capital to shareholders on a consistent basis. blackrock's diversified platform, in terms of style, product, client and geography, enables it to generate more stable cash flows through market cycles, positioning blackrock to invest for the long-term by striking an appropriate balance between investing for future growth and prudent discretionary expense management.
blackrock's investment management revenue is primarily comprised of fees earned as a percentage of aum and, in some cases, performance fees, which are normally expressed as a percentage of fund returns to the client. numerous factors, including price movements in the equity, debt or currency markets, or in the price of real assets, commodities or alternative investments in which blackrock invests on behalf of clients, could impact blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings.
blackrock manages $3.0 trillion of equity assets across markets globally. significant global equity market declines in the fourth quarter of 2018, which reduced blackrock's aum by approximately $466 billion over that period, negatively impacted blackrock's base fee run-rate entering 2019. in addition, challenged market performance in direct hedge funds and hedge fund solutions in 2018 may also impact performance fees for 2019, as certain quarterly- and annual-locking funds are below high-water marks entering the year.
blackrock's highly diversified multi-product platform was created to meet client needs in all market environments. blackrock is positioned to provide alpha-seeking active, index and cash management investment strategies across asset classes and geographies. in addition, blackrock leverages its world-class risk management, analytics and technology capabilities, including the aladdin platform, on behalf of clients. blackrock serves a diverse mix of institutional and retail clients across the globe, including investors in ishares etfs, maintaining differentiated client relationships and a fiduciary focus. the diversity of blackrock's platform facilitates the generation of organic growth in various market environments, and as client preferences evolve. client demand continues for etfs and illiquid alternatives, which are two areas of focus for blackrock.
the index investing industry has been growing rapidly - with etfs as a major beneficiary - driven by structural tailwinds including the migration from commission-based to fee-based wealth management, clients' focus on value for money, the use of etfs as alpha tools and the growth of all-to-all networked trading. ishares etfs growth strategy is centered on increasing scale and pursuing global growth themes in client and product segments, including core, financial instruments and precision exposures, and fixed income, smart beta & sustainable etfs.
as the wealth management landscape shifts globally from individual product selection to a whole-portfolio approach, blackrock's retail strategy is focused on creating outcome-oriented client solutions. this includes having a diverse platform of alpha-seeking active, index and alternative products, as well as enhanced distribution and portfolio construction technology offerings. digital wealth tools are an important component of blackrock's retail strategy, as blackrock scales and customizes model portfolios, extends aladdin wealth and digital wealth partnerships globally, and helps advisors build better portfolios through portfolio construction and risk management, powered by aladdin.
institutional client behavior was impacted by global market uncertainty in 2018, with many choosing to de-risk from equities. blackrock's institutional results will be driven by enhancing blackrock's solutions-oriented approach; deepening client relationships through product diversification and higher value-add capabilities, including illiquid alternatives; and leveraging aladdin's analytical and risk management expertise.
blackrock continues to invest in technology services offerings, which enhance the ability to manage portfolios and risk, effectively serve clients and operate efficiently. anticipated industry consolidation and regulatory requirements should continue to drive demand for holistic and flexible technology solutions.
(in millions, except shares and per share data)                                2018                      2017(1)                   2016(1)
nonoperating income (expense), less net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling                       (76   )                   (32   )                  (108   )
nonoperating income (expense), less net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling                       (76   )                   (32   )                  (108   )
assets under management (end of period)                                                             $5,975,818                $6,288,195                $5,147,852
book value per share(4)                                                                                $204.23                   $197.45                   $178.32
(1)   results for 2017 and 2016 were recast to reflect the adoption of the new revenue recognition standard. for further information, refer to note 2, significant accounting policies, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements contained in part ii, item 8.
(2)   as adjusted items are described in more detail in non-gaap financial measures.
(3)   nonvoting participating preferred shares are considered to be common stock equivalents for purposes of determining basic and diluted earnings per share calculations.
(4)   total blackrock stockholders' equity, divided by total common and preferred shares outstanding at december 31 of the respective year-end.
2018 compared with 2017
gaap.  operating income of $5,457 million increased $203 million from 2017. operating income growth primarily reflected higher base fees and technology services revenue, partially offset by lower performance fees, higher compensation and benefits, higher general and administration expense, and higher volume-related expense. operating income for 2018 also included a restructuring charge of $60 million recorded in the fourth quarter of 2018 from an initiative to modify the size and shape of the workforce. nonoperating income (expense), less net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests ("nci"), decreased $44 million from 2017 driven by lower net gains on investments, partially offset by higher interest and dividend income during 2018. nonoperating results for 2018 included a $40 million pre-tax gain related to the dsp transaction and a $10 million noncash pre-tax gain related to the revaluation of another strategic investment.
income tax expense for 2018 reflected a reduced tax rate associated with the 2017 tax cuts and jobs act (the "2017 tax act") and included $145 million of discrete tax benefits, primarily related to changes in the company's organizational entity structure and stock-based compensation awards that vested in 2018. income tax expense for 2017 included $1.2 billion of net tax benefit related to the 2017 tax act and $173 million of discrete tax benefits, primarily related to stock-based compensation awards. see income tax expense within discussion of financial results for more information.
diluted earnings per common share decreased $3.54, or 12%, compared with 2017, reflecting a lower tax rate in 2017 due to the net tax benefit from the 2017 tax act and lower nonoperating income in 2018, partially offset by higher operating income in 2018 and the benefit of share repurchases.
as adjusted.  operating income of $5,531 million increased $262 million and operating margin of 44.3% increased 20 bps from 2017. the pre-tax restructuring charge of $60 million described above has been excluded from as adjusted results. on an as adjusted basis, income tax expense for 2017 excludes the previously described $1.2 billion of net noncash tax benefit related to the 2017 tax act and income tax expense for 2018 and 2017 excludes a $3 million net noncash benefit and a $16 million net noncash expense, respectively, associated with the revaluation of certain deferred income tax liabilities. diluted earnings per common share increased $4.44, or 20%, from 2017, reflecting higher operating income, the impact of a lower effective tax rate in 2018 and the benefit of share repurchases, partially offset by lower nonoperating income in 2018.
2017 compared with 2016
gaap.  operating income of $5,254 million increased $689 million and operating margin of 38.6% increased 140 bps from 2016. operating income and operating margin growth primarily reflected higher base fees, performance fees, and technology services revenue, partially offset by higher compensation and benefits, higher volume-related expense, and higher general and administration expense. operating income for 2017 also included approximately $22 million of expense associated with the strategic repositioning of the active equity platform. operating income for 2016 included a restructuring charge of $76 million in connection with a project to streamline and simplify the organization. nonoperating income (expense), less net income (loss) attributable to nci, increased $76 million from 2016 driven by higher net gains on investments.
income tax expense for 2017 included the previously mentioned $1.2 billion net tax benefit related to the 2017 tax act, $173 million of discrete tax benefits, primarily related to stock-based compensation awards, including a $151 million discrete tax benefit reflecting the adoption of new stock-based compensation accounting guidance, and the previously described noncash tax expense of $16 million. income tax expense for 2016 included a $30 million net noncash benefit associated with the revaluation of certain deferred income tax liabilities, including the effect of tax legislation enacted in the united kingdom, and state and local income tax changes. income tax expense for 2016 also included nonrecurring tax benefits of $65 million. see income tax expense within discussion of financial results for more information.
diluted earnings per common share increased $11.10, or 58%, compared with 2016, reflecting the net tax benefit from the 2017 tax act, higher operating income and the benefit of share repurchases.
as adjusted.  operating income of $5,269 million increased $600 million and operating margin of 44.1% increased 30 bps from 2016. the pre-tax restructuring charge of $76 million described above has been excluded from as adjusted results for 2016. on as adjusted basis, income tax expense for 2017 excludes $1,758 million noncash tax benefit and $477 million deemed repatriation tax expense related to the 2017 tax act, and the previously described noncash expense of $16 million and income tax expense for 2016 excludes the previously mentioned net noncash benefit of $30 million. diluted earnings per common share increased $3.22, or 17%, from 2016.
see non-gaap financial measures for further information on as adjusted items.
for further discussion of blackrock's revenue, expense, nonoperating results and income tax expense, see discussion of financial results herein.
non-gaap financial measures blackrock reports its financial results in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states ("gaap"); however, management believes evaluating the company's ongoing operating results may be enhanced if investors have additional non-gaap financial measures. management reviews non-gaap financial measures to assess ongoing operations and considers them to be helpful, for both management and investors, in evaluating blackrock's financial performance over time. management also uses non-gaap financial measures as a benchmark to compare its performance with other companies and to enhance the comparability of this information for the reporting periods presented. non-gaap measures may pose limitations because they do not include all of blackrock's revenue and expense. blackrock's management does not advocate that investors consider such non-gaap financial measures in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information prepared in accordance with gaap. non-gaap measures may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other companies.
management uses both gaap and non-gaap financial measures in evaluating blackrock's financial performance. adjustments to gaap financial measures ("non-gaap adjustments") include certain items management deems nonrecurring or that occur infrequently, transactions that ultimately will not impact blackrock's book value or certain tax items that do not impact cash flow.
computations for all periods are derived from the consolidated statements of income as follows:
management believes operating income, as adjusted, and operating margin, as adjusted, are effective indicators of blackrock's financial performance over time and, therefore, provide useful disclosure to investors.
restructuring charge                                                   60                  -                 76
product launch costs and commissions                                   13                  -                  -
operating income used for operating margin measurement             $5,544             $5,269             $4,669
distribution and servicing costs                                   (1,675   )         (1,663   )         (1,608   )
revenue used for operating margin measurement                     $12,523            $11,937            $10,653
(1)   results for 2017 and 2016 were recast to reflect the adoption of the new revenue recognition standard. for further information, refer to note 2, significant accounting policies, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements contained in part ii, item 8.
•   operating income, as adjusted, includes non-gaap expense adjustments. in 2018 and 2016, a restructuring charge, primarily comprised of severance and accelerated amortization expense of previously granted deferred compensation awards, has been excluded to provide more meaningful analysis of blackrock's ongoing operations and to ensure comparability among periods presented. the portion of compensation expense associated with certain long-term incentive plans ("ltip") funded, or to be funded, through share distributions to participants of blackrock stock held by pnc has been excluded because it ultimately does not impact blackrock's book value.
•   operating income used for measuring operating margin, as adjusted, is equal to operating income, as adjusted, excluding the impact of product launch costs (e.g. closed-end fund launch costs) and related commissions. management believes the exclusion of such costs and related commissions is useful because these costs can fluctuate considerably, and revenue associated with the expenditure of these costs will not fully impact blackrock's results until future periods.
revenue used for operating margin, as adjusted, excludes distribution and servicing costs paid to third parties. management believes such costs represent a benchmark for the amount of revenue passed through to external parties who distribute the company's products. blackrock excludes from revenue used for operating margin, as adjusted, the costs related to distribution and servicing costs as a proxy for such offsetting revenue.
(in millions, except per share data)                 2018             2017(1)           2016(1)
restructuring charge, net of tax                                     47                  -              53
deferred tax revaluation (noncash)                                    -             (1,758   )           -
(1)   results for 2017 and 2016 were recast to reflect the adoption of the new revenue recognition standard. for further information, refer to note 2, significant accounting policies, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements contained in part ii, item 8.
management believes net income attributable to blackrock, inc., as adjusted, and diluted earnings per common share, as adjusted, are useful measures of blackrock's profitability and financial performance. net income attributable to blackrock, inc., as adjusted, equals net income attributable to blackrock, inc., gaap basis, adjusted for significant nonrecurring items, charges that ultimately will not impact blackrock's book value or certain tax items that do not impact cash flow.
see aforementioned discussion regarding operating income, as adjusted, and operating margin, as adjusted, for information on the pnc ltip funding obligation and restructuring charge.
for each period presented, the non-gaap adjustment related to the restructuring charge and pnc ltip funding obligation was tax effected at the respective blended rates applicable to the adjustments. the 2017 noncash deferred tax revaluation benefit of $1,758 million and the other income tax matters were primarily associated with the revaluation of certain deferred tax liabilities related to intangible assets and goodwill. amounts have been excluded from the as adjusted results as these items will not have a cash flow impact and to ensure comparability among periods presented. a deemed repatriation tax expense of $477 million has been excluded from the 2017 as adjusted results due to the one-time nature and to ensure comparability among periods presented.
(3) nonvoting participating preferred stock is considered to be a common stock equivalent for purposes of determining basic and diluted earnings per share calculations.
assets under management aum for reporting purposes generally is based upon how investment advisory and administration fees are calculated for each portfolio. net asset values, total assets, committed assets or other measures may be used to determine portfolio aum.
institutional:
institutional subtotal                     3,183,209                     3,456,115                     2,911,655                    (63,287   )                 55,006                     51,409
cash management                              448,565                       449,949                       403,584                        (21   )                 38,259                     29,228
aum and net inflows (outflows) by investment style and product type aum                                                           net inflows (outflows)
cash management                              448,565                       449,949                       403,584                        (21   )                 38,259                     29,228
equity                                    $3,035,825                    $3,371,641                    $2,657,176                    $15,167                   $130,146             $51,424
currency and commodities(2)                   31,813                        30,814                        28,308                      2,547                        197                      6,123
cash management                              448,565                       449,949                       403,584                        (21   )                 38,259                     29,228
(1)   advisory aum represents long-term portfolio liquidation assignments.
(2)   amounts include commodity ishares etfs.
the following table presents the component changes in blackrock's aum for 2018, 2017 and 2016.
cash management                                     (21   )                  38,259                     29,228
acquisitions and dispositions(2)                 27,500                       3,264                     80,635
market change                                  (384,136   )                 628,901                    326,364
total change                                   (312,377   )               1,140,343                    502,440
(1)   advisory aum represents long-term portfolio liquidation assignments.
(2)   amount for 2018 represents $5.4 billion and $25.6 billion of net aum from the tcp transaction and the citibanamex transaction, respectively. in addition, amounts include $18.6 billion and $2.3 billion of aum reclassifications and net dispositions, respectively, related to the aegon transaction and $1.2 billion of net aum dispositions related to the dsp transaction. amount for 2017 represents $3.3 billion of aum acquired in the first reserve infrastructure business transaction ("first reserve transaction"). amount for 2016 represents $80.6 billion of aum acquired in the bofa global capital management transaction.
(3)   foreign exchange reflects the impact of translating non-us dollar denominated aum into us dollars for reporting purposes.
blackrock has historically grown aum through organic growth and acquisitions. management believes that the company will be able to continue to grow aum organically by focusing on strong investment performance, efficient delivery of beta for index products, client service, developing new products and optimizing distribution capabilities.
component changes in aum for 2018
the following table presents the component changes in aum by client type and product type for 2018.
december 31,            net               acquisitions and             market                 fx                    december 31,          full year inflows                                                                                                              average
(in millions)            2017                          (outflows)           dispositions(1)       change                impact(2)            2018                     aum(3)
equity                                 $233,218            $2,090                    $2,137       $(28,005          )   $(3,726          )                 $205,714   $231,556
equity                                1,329,610           112,817                         -              (159,433   )           (8,732   )                1,274,262           1,360,991
institutional:
equity                                  137,185            (7,895   )                (4,296   )           (11,485   )           (2,533   )                  110,976             131,474
equity                                1,671,628           (91,845   )                 4,749              (122,252   )          (17,407   )                1,444,873           1,648,418
institutional subtotal                3,456,115           (63,287   )                 6,460              (161,101   )          (54,978   )                3,183,209           3,424,509
cash management                         449,949               (21   )                   686                 1,593               (3,642   )                  448,565             453,883
(1)   amounts included net aum impact from the tcp transaction, the citibanamex transaction, the aegon transaction and the dsp transaction.
(2)   foreign exchange reflects the impact of translating non-us dollar denominated aum into us dollars for reporting purposes.
(3)   average aum is calculated as the average of the month-end spot aum amounts for the trailing thirteen months.
(4)   advisory aum represents long-term portfolio liquidation assignments.
the following table presents component changes in aum by investment style and product type for 2018.
december 31,            net               acquisitions and             market                 fx                    december 31,          full year inflows                                                                                                              average
(in millions)                                     2017   (outflows)                dispositions(1)       change                impact(2)            2018                     aum(3)
equity                                        $311,209   $(12,439          )               $(2,160   )   $(33,819          )   $(4,586          )                 $258,205   $300,671
equity                                       1,329,610           112,817                         -              (159,433   )           (8,732   )                1,274,262           1,360,991
equity                                       1,730,822           (85,211   )                 4,750              (127,923   )          (19,080   )                1,503,358           1,710,777
cash management                                449,949               (21   )                   686                 1,593               (3,642   )                  448,565             453,883
the following table presents component changes in aum by product type for 2018.
december 31,            net               acquisitions and         market                 fx                    december 31,          full year inflows                                                                                                          average
(in millions)                               2017        (outflows)           dispositions(1)   change                impact(2)            2018                     aum(3)
equity                                $3,371,641           $15,167                    $2,590   $(321,175         )   $(32,398         )               $3,035,825   $3,372,439
currency and commodities(5)               30,814             2,547                         8            (1,455   )             (101   )                   31,813              31,907
cash management                          449,949               (21   )                   686             1,593               (3,642   )                  448,565             453,883
(1)   amounts included net aum impact from the tcp transaction, the citibanamex transaction, the aegon transaction and the dsp transaction.
(2)   foreign exchange reflects the impact of translating non-us dollar denominated aum into us dollars for reporting purposes.
(3)   average aum is calculated as the average of the month-end spot aum amounts for the trailing thirteen months.
(4)   advisory aum represents long-term portfolio liquidation assignments.
(5)   amounts include commodity ishares etfs.
aum decreased $312.4 billion to $5.98 trillion at december 31, 2018 from $6.29 trillion at december 31, 2017 driven by net market depreciation and the impact of foreign exchange movements, partially offset by positive long-term net inflows, led by ishares etfs, active multi-asset and illiquid alternatives, and net aum added from strategic transactions.
net market depreciation of $384.1 billion was driven by lower global equity markets.
aum decreased $79.4 billion due to the impact of foreign exchange movements, primarily due to the strengthening of the us dollar, largely against the british pound and the euro.
for further discussion on aum, see "part i, item 1 - business - assets under management".
component changes in aum for 2017
the following table presents component changes in aum by client type and product type for 2017.
december 31,            net                                     market                 fx                december 31,          full year inflows                                                                                                   average
(in millions)            2016                          (outflows)       acquisition(1)              change            impact(2)   2017                     aum(3)
equity                                 $196,221            $4,145       $-                         $26,598               $6,254                 $233,218   $216,545
equity                                  951,252           174,377                 -                189,472               14,509                1,329,610           1,143,351
institutional:
equity                                  120,699           (13,594   )             -                 25,681                4,399                  137,185             128,133
equity                                1,389,004           (34,782   )             -                283,684               33,722                1,671,628           1,537,730
institutional subtotal                2,911,655            55,006                 3,264            387,492               98,698                3,456,115           3,183,765
cash management                         403,584            38,259                 -                  1,239                6,867                  449,949             414,835
(1)   amount represents aum acquired in the first reserve transaction.
(2)   foreign exchange reflects the impact of translating non-us dollar denominated aum into us dollars for reporting purposes.
(3)   average aum is calculated as the average of the month-end spot aum amounts for the trailing thirteen months.
(4)   advisory aum represents long-term portfolio liquidation assignments.
the following table presents component changes in aum by investment style and product type for 2017.
december 31,            net                                     market                 fx                december 31,          full year inflows                                                                                                   average
(in millions)                                     2016   (outflows)            acquisition(1)              change            impact(2)   2017                     aum(3)
equity                                        $275,033   $(18,506          )   $-                         $46,134               $8,548                 $311,209   $293,278
equity                                         951,252           174,377                 -                189,472               14,509                1,329,610           1,143,351
equity                                       1,430,891           (25,725   )             -                289,829               35,827                1,730,822           1,589,130
cash management                                403,584            38,259                 -                  1,239                6,867                  449,949             414,835
the following table presents component changes in aum by product type for 2017.
december 31,            net                                     market                 fx                december 31,          full year inflows                                                                                                   average
(in millions)                 2016                          (outflows)       acquisition(1)      change                    impact(2)   2017                     aum(3)
equity                                    $2,657,176          $130,146       $-                  $525,435                    $58,884               $3,371,641   $3,025,759
currency and commodities(5)                   28,308               197                 -                  1,813                  496                   30,814              30,368
cash management                              403,584            38,259                 -                  1,239                6,867                  449,949             414,835
(1)   amount represents aum acquired in the first reserve transaction.
(2)   foreign exchange reflects the impact of translating non-us dollar denominated aum into us dollars for reporting purposes.
(3)   average aum is calculated as the average of the month-end spot aum amounts for the trailing thirteen months.
(4)   advisory aum represents long-term portfolio liquidation assignments.
(5)   amounts include commodity ishares etfs.
aum increased $1.1 trillion to $6.29 trillion at december 31, 2017 from $5.15 trillion at december 31, 2016 driven by net market appreciation, positive net inflows, the impact of foreign exchange movements and aum acquired in the first reserve transaction.
net market appreciation of $628.9 billion was primarily driven by higher us and global equity markets.
aum increased $140.9 billion due to the impact of foreign exchange movements, primarily resulting from the weakening of the us dollar against the euro and the british pound.
discussion of financial results introduction the company derives a substantial portion of its revenue from investment advisory and administration fees, which are recognized as the services are performed over time because the customer is receiving and consuming the benefits as they are provided by the company. fees are primarily based on agreed-upon percentages of aum and recognized for services provided during the period, which are distinct from services provided in other periods. such fees are affected by changes in aum, including market appreciation or depreciation, foreign exchange translation and net inflows or outflows. net inflows or outflows represent the sum of new client assets, additional fundings from existing clients (including dividend reinvestment), withdrawals of assets from, and termination of, client accounts and distributions to investors representing return of capital and return on investments to investors. market appreciation or depreciation includes current income earned on, and changes in the fair value of, securities held in client accounts. foreign exchange translation reflects the impact of translating non-us dollar denominated aum into us dollars for reporting purposes.
the company also earns revenue by lending securities on behalf of clients, primarily to highly rated banks and broker-dealers. the securities loaned are secured by collateral in the form of cash or securities, with minimum collateral generally ranging from approximately 102% to 112% of the value of the loaned securities. generally, the revenue earned is shared between the company and the funds or accounts managed by the company from which the securities are borrowed. historically, securities lending revenue in the second quarter exceeds revenue in the other quarters during the year driven by higher seasonal demand.
investment advisory agreements for certain separate accounts and investment funds provide for performance fees based upon relative and/or absolute investment performance, in addition to base fees based on aum. investment advisory performance fees generally are earned after a given period of time and when investment performance exceeds a contractual threshold. as such, the timing of recognition of performance fees may increase the volatility of the company's revenue and earnings. the magnitude of performance fees can fluctuate quarterly due to the timing of carried interest recognition on alternative products; however, the third and fourth quarters have a greater number of nonalternative products with performance measurement periods that end on either september 30 or december 31.
the company offers investment management technology systems, risk management services, wealth management and digital distribution tools on a fee basis. clients include banks, insurance companies, official institutions, pension funds, asset managers, retail distributors and other investors. fees earned for technology services are recorded as services are performed over time and are generally determined using the value of positions on the aladdin platform or on a fixed-rate basis.
the company records distribution and servicing costs for distributing the company's products and for providing other support services to investment portfolios. the costs are based on net asset values and are recognized when the amount of costs is known.
the company advises global financial institutions, regulators, and government entities across a range of risk, regulatory, capital markets and strategic services. fees earned for advisory services, which are included in advisory and other revenue, are determined using fixed-rate fees and are recognized over time as the related services are completed.
the company earns fees for transition management services primarily comprised of commissions recognized in connection with buying and selling securities on behalf of its customers. commissions related to transition management services are recorded on a trade-date basis as securities transactions occur.
the company also earns revenue related to certain strategic investments accounted for as equity method investments.
operating expense reflects employee compensation and benefits, distribution and servicing costs, direct fund expense, general and administration expense and amortization of finite-lived intangible assets.
•   employee compensation and benefits expense includes salaries, commissions, temporary help, deferred and incentive compensation, employer payroll taxes, severance and related benefit costs.
•   distribution and servicing costs, which are primarily aum driven, include payments made to third parties, primarily associated with obtaining and retaining client investments in certain company products.
•   direct fund expense primarily consists of third-party nonadvisory expense incurred by the company related to certain funds for the use of index trademarks, reference data for indices, custodial services, fund administration, fund accounting, transfer agent services, shareholder reporting services, legal expense, and audit and tax services as well as other fund-related expense directly attributable to the nonadvisory operations of the fund. these expenses may vary over time with fluctuations in aum, number of shareholder accounts, or other attributes directly related to volume of business.
•   general and administration expense includes marketing and promotional, occupancy and office-related costs, portfolio services (including clearing expense related to transition management services), technology, professional services, communications, contingent consideration fair value adjustments, product launch costs, the impact of foreign currency remeasurement, and other general and administration expense. foreign currency remeasurement (gains) losses were $16 million, $5 million and $(6) million for 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
approximately 75% of the company's revenue is generated in us dollars. the company's revenue and expense generated in foreign currencies (primarily the euro and british pound) are impacted by foreign exchange rates. any effect of foreign exchange rate change on revenue is partially offset by a change in expense driven by the company's considerable non-dollar expense base related to its operations outside the united states.
nonoperating income (expense) includes the effect of changes in the valuations on investments (excluding available-for-sale investments) and earnings on equity method investments as well as interest and dividend income and interest expense. other comprehensive income includes changes in valuations related to available-for-sale investments. the company primarily holds seed and co-investments in sponsored investment products that invest in a variety of asset classes, including private equity, hedge funds and real assets. investments generally are made for co-investment purposes, to establish a performance track record or for regulatory purposes, including federal reserve bank stock. the company does not engage in proprietary trading activities that could conflict with the interests of its clients.
in addition, nonoperating income (expense) includes the impact of changes in the valuations of consolidated sponsored investment funds. the portion of nonoperating income (expense) not attributable to the company is allocated to nci on the consolidated statements of income.
revenue the following table presents revenue for 2018, 2017 and 2016.
investment advisory, administration fees and securities lending revenue:
equity:
equity subtotal                                                                       5,888           5,554          4,900
currency and commodities (2)                                                             98              91             83
cash management                                                                         607             558            452
investment advisory performance fees:
equity                                                                                   91             152            102
total performance fees                                                                  412             594            295
technology services revenue                                                             785             657            588
(1)   results for 2017 and 2016 were recast to reflect the adoption of the new revenue recognition standard. for further information, refer to note 2, significant accounting policies, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements contained in part ii, item 8.
(2)   amount include commodity ishares etfs.
the table below lists the asset type mix of investment advisory, administration fees and securities lending revenue (collectively "base fees") and mix of average aum by product type:
equity:
equity subtotal                       51   %                51   %                50   %              53     %                53     %                50   %
currency and commodities (3)           1   %                 1   %                 1   %               1     %                 1     %                 1   %
cash management                        5   %                 5   %                 5   %               7     %                 7     %                 7   %
(1)   results for 2017 and 2016 were recast to reflect the adoption of the new revenue recognition standard. for further information, refer to note 2, significant accounting policies, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements contained in part ii, item 8.
(2)   average aum is calculated as the average of the month-end spot aum amounts for the trailing thirteen months.
(3)   amount include commodity ishares etfs.
2018 compared with 2017
revenue increased $598 million, or 4%, from 2017, driven by growth in base fees and technology services revenue, partially offset by lower performance fees.
investment advisory, administration fees and securities lending revenue of $11,553 million in 2018 increased $685 million from $10,868 million in 2017 reflecting the impact of organic growth and aum acquired in the tcp and citibanamex transactions on average aum, partially offset by lower markets and previously announced pricing changes to select investment products. securities lending revenue of $627 million in 2018 compared with $597 million in 2017.
investment advisory performance fees were $412 million in 2018 compared with $594 million in 2017, primarily reflecting lower revenue from liquid alternative and long-only products.
technology services revenue of $785 million for 2018 increased $128 million from $657 million in 2017 reflecting higher revenue for institutional aladdin, aladdin wealth and digital wealth and distribution technologies.
2017 compared with 2016
revenue increased $1,339 million, or 11%, from 2016, driven by growth in base fees, performance fees, and technology services revenue.
investment advisory, administration fees and securities lending revenue of $10,868 million in 2017 increased $1,020 million from $9,848 million in 2016 reflecting the impact of higher markets and organic growth on average aum, and the effect of aum acquired in the bofa global capital management transaction, partially offset by pricing changes to select investment products. securities lending revenue of $597 million in 2017 compared with $579 million in 2016.
investment advisory performance fees were $594 million in 2017 compared with $295 million in 2016. the increase primarily reflected improved performance in hedge fund and long-only equity products.
technology services revenue of $657 million for 2017 increased $69 million from $588 million in 2016 reflecting ongoing demand for aladdin.
advisory and other revenue of $298 million decreased $34 million from $332 million in 2016, reflecting lower earnings from a strategic minority investment and lower fees for distributing certain exchange-traded products.
expense the following table presents expense for 2018, 2017 and 2016.
employee compensation and benefits                         $4,320         $4,253         $3,878
distribution and servicing costs:
12b-1 costs                                                   399            455            499
total distribution and servicing costs                      1,675          1,663          1,608
marketing and promotional                                     361            333            325
portfolio services                                            271            251            211
technology                                                    234            203            175
communications                                                 37             34             38
foreign exchange remeasurement                                 16              5             (6   )
contingent consideration fair value adjustments                65              8             (2   )
product launch costs                                           12              4              -
restructuring charge                                           60              -             76
amortization of intangible assets                              50             89             99
employee compensation and benefits:
restructuring charge                                           60              -             76
employee compensation and benefits                         $4,306         $4,238         $3,850
distribution and servicing costs                            1,675          1,663          1,608
amortization of intangible assets                              50             89             99
(1)   results for 2017 and 2016 were recast to reflect the adoption of the new revenue recognition standard. for further information, refer to note 2, significant accounting policies, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements contained in part ii, item 8.
(2)   see non-gaap financial measures for further information on non-gaap expense adjustments.
2018 compared with 2017
gaap. expense increased $395 million, or 5%, from 2017, driven primarily by higher general and administration expense, higher volume-related expense, a restructuring charge recorded in 2018, and higher employee compensation and benefits expense, partially offset by lower amortization of intangible assets.
employee compensation and benefits expense increased $67 million, or 2%, to $4,320 million in 2018 from $4,253 million in 2017, primarily reflecting higher headcount and higher operating income, partially offset by lower incentive compensation primarily driven by lower performance fees. employees at december 31, 2018 totaled approximately 14,900 compared with approximately 13,900 at december 31, 2017.
general and administration expense increased $192 million from 2018, reflecting higher technology expense, higher marketing and promotional expense and higher portfolio services expense. the increase included the impact of contingent consideration fair value adjustments, higher professional fees (associated with strategic transactions, tax reform and brexit), product launch costs and foreign exchange remeasurement expense.
restructuring expense of $60 million, primarily comprised of severance and accelerated amortization expense of previously granted deferred compensation awards, was recorded in 2018 in connection with an initiative to modify the size and shape of the workforce.
amortization of intangible assets expense decreased $39 million, or 44%, to $50 million in 2018, primarily reflecting certain finite-lived intangible assets becoming fully amortized.
as adjusted. expense, as adjusted, increased $336 million, or 4%, to $8,667 million in 2018 from $8,331 million in 2017. the increase in total expense, as adjusted, is driven primarily by higher general and administration expense, higher volume-related expense, and higher employee compensation and benefits expense, partially offset by lower amortization of intangible assets. the restructuring charge recorded in 2018 has been excluded from the as adjusted results.
2017 compared with 2016
gaap. expense increased $650 million, or 8%, from 2016, driven primarily by higher employee compensation and benefits expense, higher volume-related expense, and higher general and administration expense, partially offset by a restructuring charge recorded in 2016.
employee compensation and benefits expense increased $375 million, or 10%, to $4,253 million in 2017 from $3,878 million in 2016, reflecting higher incentive compensation, higher headcount, and approximately $20 million of severance and accelerated compensation expense associated with the repositioning of the active equity platform. employees at december 31, 2017 totaled approximately 13,900 compared with approximately 13,000 at december 31, 2016.
distribution and servicing costs totaled $1,663 million in 2017 compared with $1,608 million in 2016 reflecting higher average aum and the effect of aum acquired in the bofa global capital management transaction.
general and administration expense increased $168 million from 2016, reflecting higher portfolio services, professional services fees (associated with strategic transactions, mifid implementation, and tax reform), technology expense, operating errors, contingent consideration fair value adjustments and the impact of foreign exchange remeasurement expense.
as adjusted. expense, as adjusted, increased $739 million, or 10%, to $8,331 million in 2017 from $7,592 million in 2016. the increase in total expense, as adjusted, is driven primarily by higher employee compensation and benefit expense, higher volume-related expense and higher general and administration expense. the restructuring charge recorded in 2016 has been excluded from the as adjusted results.
nonoperating results the summary and reconciliation of us gaap nonoperating income (expense) to nonoperating income (expense), as adjusted for 2018, 2017 and 2016 was as follows:
(1)   amounts included losses of $105 million, gains of $118 million and gains of $16 million attributable to consolidated variable interest entities ("vies") for 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
(3)   management believes nonoperating income (expense), as adjusted, is an effective measure for reviewing the company's nonoperating contribution to results. see non-gaap financial measures for further information on non-gaap financial measures for 2018, 2017 and 2016.
the components of nonoperating income (expense), less net income (loss) attributable to nci for 2018, 2017 and 2016 were as follows:
net gain (loss) on investments(1)(2)
private equity                                               $(5   )             $21                  $6
real assets                                                   26                  17                   8
other investments(4)                                         (70   )              43                  22
other gains(5)                                                51                   5                   -
total net gain (loss) on investments(1)(2)                     4                 124                  57
(2)   management believes nonoperating income (expense), as adjusted, is an effective measure for reviewing the company's nonoperating contribution to results. see non-gaap financial measures for further information on non-gaap financial measures for 2018, 2017 and 2016.
(3)   amounts primarily include net gains (losses) related to direct hedge fund strategies and hedge fund solutions. the prior year periods also included net gains related to opportunistic credit strategies.
(4)   amounts primarily include net gains (losses) related to equity and fixed income investments.
(5)   2018 primarily includes a $40 million pre-tax gain related to the dsp transaction and a $10 million noncash pre-tax gain related to the revaluation of another strategic investment.
(6)   2017 included a "make-whole" redemption premium of $14 million related to the refinancing of $700 million of 6.25% notes, which were repaid prior to their september 2017 maturity.
income before income taxes(3)                      $5,381               $5,222               $4,457              $5,455                $5,237                $4,561
(1)   results for 2017 and 2016 were recast to reflect the adoption of the new revenue recognition standard. for further information, refer to note 2, significant accounting policies, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements contained in part ii, item 8.
(2)   see non-gaap financial measures for further information on and reconciliation of as adjusted items.
(4)   gaap income tax expense and effective tax rate for 2017 reflects a $1.2 billion net tax benefit related to the 2017 tax act.
the company's tax rate is affected by tax rates in foreign jurisdictions and the relative amount of income earned in those jurisdictions, which the company expects to be fairly consistent in the near term. the significant foreign jurisdictions that have different statutory tax rates than the us federal statutory rate of 21% include the united kingdom, germany, canada and switzerland.
o   a reduced tax rate associated with the 2017 tax act;
o   $81 million discrete tax benefits, primarily related to changes in the company's organization entity structure; and
o   a $64 million discrete tax benefit related to stock-based compensation awards that vested in 2018.
o   $106 million tax expense related to the revaluation of certain deferred income tax assets;
o   $1,758 million noncash tax benefit related to the revaluation of certain deferred income tax liabilities; and
o   $477 million tax expense related to the mandatory deemed repatriation of undistributed foreign earnings and profits.
o   a noncash expense of $16 million, primarily associated with the revaluation of certain deferred income tax liabilities as a result of domestic state and local tax changes; and
o   $173 million discrete tax benefits, primarily related to stock-based compensation awards, including $151 million related to the adoption of new accounting guidance related to stock-based compensation awards. see note 2, significant accounting policies, for further information.
the as adjusted effective tax rate of 29.4% for 2017 excluded the noncash deferred tax revaluation benefit of $1,758 million and noncash expense of $16 million mentioned above as it will not have a cash flow impact and to ensure comparability among periods presented. in addition, the deemed repatriation tax expense of $477 million has been excluded from the as adjusted results due to the one-time nature and to ensure comparability among periods presented.
o   a net noncash benefit of $30 million, primarily associated with the revaluation of certain deferred income tax liabilities; and
o   a benefit from $65 million of nonrecurring items, including the resolution of certain outstanding tax matters.
the as adjusted effective tax rate of 29.6% for 2016 excluded the net noncash benefit of $30 million mentioned above as it will not have a cash flow impact and to ensure comparability among periods presented.
balance sheet overview as adjusted balance sheet the following table presents a reconciliation of the consolidated statement of financial condition presented on a gaap basis to the consolidated statement of financial condition, excluding the impact of separate account assets and separate account collateral held under securities lending agreements (directly related to lending separate account securities) and separate account liabilities and separate account collateral liabilities under securities lending agreements and consolidated sponsored investment products.
the company presents the as adjusted balance sheet as additional information to enable investors to exclude certain assets that have equal and offsetting liabilities or noncontrolling interests that ultimately do not have an impact on stockholders' equity or cash flows. management views the as adjusted balance sheet, which contains non-gaap financial measures, as an economic presentation of the company's total assets and liabilities; however, it does not advocate that investors consider such non-gaap financial measures in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information prepared in accordance with gaap.
separate account assets and liabilities and separate account collateral held under securities lending agreements separate account assets are maintained by blackrock life limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of the company that is a registered life insurance company in the united kingdom, and represent segregated assets held for purposes of funding individual and group pension contracts. the company records equal and offsetting separate account liabilities. the separate account assets are not available to creditors of the company and the holders of the pension contracts have no recourse to the company's assets. the net investment income attributable to separate account assets accrues directly to the contract owners and is not reported on the consolidated statements of income. while blackrock has no economic interest in these assets or liabilities, blackrock earns an investment advisory fee for the service of managing these assets on behalf of its clients.
in addition, the company records on its consolidated statements of financial condition the separate account collateral received under blackrock life limited securities lending arrangements as its own asset in addition to an equal and offsetting separate account collateral liability for the obligation to return the collateral. the collateral is not available to creditors of the company, and the borrowers under the securities lending arrangements have no recourse to the company's assets.
consolidated sponsored investment products the company consolidates certain sponsored investment products accounted for as voting rights entities ("vres") and vies, (collectively, "consolidated sponsored investment products"). see note 2, significant accounting policies, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements contained in part ii, item 8 of this filing for more information on the company's consolidation policy.
the company cannot readily access cash and cash equivalents or other assets held by consolidated sponsored investment products to use in its operating activities. in addition, the company cannot readily sell investments held by consolidated sponsored investment products in order to obtain cash for use in the company's operations.
(in millions)                                                             gaap               separate                         consolidated sponsored investment products(2)                           as basis               account                                                                                            adjusted assets/
assets cash and cash equivalents                                               $6,302               $-                                                                         $59                       $6,243
investments                                                              1,796                        -                                                                  76                        1,720
assets of consolidated vies:                                                                          -                                                                   -
investments                                                              2,680                        -                                                               1,019                        1,661
other assets                                                               876                        -                                                                 876                            -
separate account assets and collateral held under securities           110,940                        110,940                                                             -                            -
lending agreements other assets(3)                                                          2,771                        -                                                                  (7   )                    2,778
goodwill and intangible assets, net                                     31,365                        -                                                                   -                       31,365
total assets                                                          $159,573               $110,940                                                                $2,209                      $46,424
liabilities accrued compensation and benefits                                       $1,988               $-                                                                          $-                       $1,988
accounts payable and accrued liabilities                                 1,292                        -                                                                   -                        1,292
liabilities of consolidated vies                                         1,374                        -                                                               1,374                            -
separate account liabilities and collateral liabilities under          110,940                        110,940                                                             -                            -
securities lending agreements deferred income tax liabilities(4)                                       3,571                        -                                                                   -                        3,571
other liabilities                                                        1,889                        -                                                                (331   )                    2,220
total liabilities                                                      126,033                        110,940                                                         1,043                       14,050
equity total stockholders' equity                                              32,374                        -                                                                   -                       32,374
noncontrolling interests                                                 1,166                        -                                                               1,166                            -
total equity                                                            33,540                        -                                                               1,166                       32,374
total liabilities and equity                                          $159,573               $110,940                                                                $2,209                      $46,424
(1)   amounts represent segregated client assets generating advisory fees in which blackrock has no economic interest or liability.
(2)   amounts represent the portion of assets and liabilities of consolidated sponsored investment products attributable to nci.
(3)   amounts include property and equipment and other assets.
(4)   amount included approximately $4.0 billion of deferred income tax liabilities related to goodwill and intangibles. see note 23, income taxes, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements contained in part ii, item 8 of this filing for more information.
the following discussion summarizes the significant changes in assets and liabilities on a gaap basis. please see the consolidated statements of financial condition as of december 31, 2018 and 2017 contained in part ii, item 8 of this filing. the discussion does not include changes related to assets and liabilities that are equal and offsetting and have no impact on blackrock's stockholders' equity.
assets. cash and cash equivalents at december 31, 2018 and 2017 included $59 million and $63 million, respectively, of cash held by consolidated vres (see liquidity and capital resources for details on the change in cash and cash equivalents during 2018).
accounts receivable at december 31, 2018 decreased $42 million from december 31, 2017. investments were $1,796 million at december 31, 2018 (for more information see investments herein). goodwill and intangible assets increased $756 million from december 31, 2017, primarily due to the tcp and citibanamex transactions, partially offset by amortization of intangible assets. other assets (including property and equipment) increased $543 million from december 31, 2017, primarily related to an increase in certain strategic investments, deferred tax assets and current taxes receivable.
liabilities. accrued compensation and benefits at december 31, 2018 decreased $165 million from december 31, 2017, primarily due to lower 2018 incentive compensation accruals. accounts payable and accrued liabilities at december 31, 2018 increased $131 million from december 31, 2017 primarily due to higher current income taxes payables and increased accruals. other liabilities increased $263 million from december 31, 2017, primarily related to an increase in uncertain tax positions and contingent consideration fair value adjustments related to prior acquisitions.
investments and investments of consolidated vies the company's investments and investments of consolidated vies (collectively, "total investments") were $1,796 million and $2,680 million, respectively, at december 31, 2018. total investments include consolidated investments held by sponsored investment products accounted for as vres and vies. management reviews blackrock's total investments on an "economic" basis, which eliminates the portion of total investments that does not impact blackrock's book value or net income attributable to blackrock. blackrock's management does not advocate that investors consider such non-gaap financial measures in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information prepared in accordance with gaap.
the company presents total investments, as adjusted, to enable investors to understand the portion of total investments that is owned by the company, net of nci, as a gauge to measure the impact of changes in net nonoperating income (expense) on investments to net income (loss) attributable to blackrock.
the company further presents net "economic" investment exposure, net of deferred compensation investments and hedged investments, to reflect another helpful measure for investors. the economic impact of total investments held pursuant to deferred compensation arrangements is offset by a change in compensation expense. the impact of certain investments is substantially mitigated by swap hedges. carried interest capital allocations are excluded as there is no impact to blackrock's stockholders' equity until such amounts are realized as performance fees. finally, the company's regulatory investment in federal reserve bank stock, which is not subject to market or interest rate risk, is excluded from the company's net economic investment exposure.
investments, gaap                                      $1,796                $1,981
investments held by consolidated vies, gaap             2,680                 1,493
total investments                                       4,476                 3,474
investments held by consolidated vies                  (2,680   )            (1,493   )
investments held by consolidated vres                    (524   )              (512   )
total investments, as adjusted                          3,381                 3,154
deferred compensation investments                         (34   )               (56   )
hedged investments                                       (483   )              (587   )
total "economic" investment exposure                   $2,385                $2,122
(1)   amount included $369 million and $266 million of carried interest (vies) as of december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively, which has no impact on the company's "economic" investment exposure.
the following table represents the carrying value of the company's economic investment exposure, by asset type, at december 31, 2018 and 2017:
private equity                                    $305              $331
real assets                                        377               313
other investments(2)                             1,504             1,242
total "economic" investment exposure            $2,385            $2,122
(2)   other investments primarily include seed investments in fixed income, equity and multi-asset mutual funds/strategies as well as uk government securities, primarily held for regulatory purposes.
as adjusted investment activity for 2018 and 2017 was as follows:
total investments, as adjusted, beginning balance                                     $3,154                $2,414
purchases/capital contributions/acquisitions                                           1,494                 1,082
sales/maturities                                                                      (1,124   )              (696   )
market appreciation(depreciation)/earnings from equity method investments               (107   )               240
carried interest capital allocations/(distributions)/acquired                             89                   172
total investments, as adjusted, ending balance                                        $3,381                $3,154
(1)   amount includes distributions representing return of capital and return on investments.
liquidity and capital resources blackrock cash flows excluding the impact of consolidated sponsored investment products the consolidated statements of cash flows include the cash flows of the consolidated sponsored investment products. the company uses an adjusted cash flow statement, which excludes the impact of consolidated sponsored investment products, as a supplemental non-gaap measure to assess liquidity and capital requirements. the company believes that its cash flows, excluding the impact of the consolidated sponsored investment products, provide investors with useful information on the cash flows of blackrock relating to its ability to fund additional operating, investing and financing activities. blackrock's management does not advocate that investors consider such non-gaap measures in isolation from, or as a substitute for, its cash flows presented in accordance with gaap.
the following table presents a reconciliation of the consolidated statements of cash flows presented on a gaap basis to the consolidated statements of cash flows, excluding the impact of the cash flows of consolidated sponsored investment products:
(in millions)                                       gaap                      impact on                             cash flows basis                      cash flows                            excluding of consolidated                          impact of sponsored investment products                  consolidated sponsored investment products
cash flows from/(used in) operating activities                                         3,950                                  (303   )                             4,253
cash flows from/(used in) investing activities                                          (608   )                               (91   )                              (517   )
cash flows from/(used in) financing activities                                        (2,630   )                               464                                (3,094   )
effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash            192                                     -                                   192
net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash                                 904                                    70                                   834
cash flows from/(used in) operating activities                                         3,075                                (1,181   )                             4,256
cash flows from/(used in) investing activities                                          (808   )                               (84   )                              (724   )
cash flows from/(used in) financing activities                                        (2,765   )                             1,303                                (4,068   )
effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash            (93   )                                 -                                   (93   )
net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash                                (591   )                                38                                  (629   )
sources of blackrock's operating cash primarily include investment advisory, administration fees and securities lending revenue, performance fees, technology services revenue, advisory revenue and distribution fees. blackrock uses its cash to pay for all operating expense, interest and principal on borrowings, income taxes, dividends on blackrock's capital stock, repurchases of the company's stock, acquisitions, capital expenditures and purchases of co-investments and seed investments.
for details of the company's gaap cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities, see the consolidated statements of cash flows contained in part ii, item 8 of this filing.
cash flows from operating activities, excluding the impact of consolidated sponsored investment products, primarily include the receipt of investment advisory and administration fees, securities lending revenue and performance fees offset by the payment of operating expenses incurred in the normal course of business, including year-end incentive compensation accrued for in the prior year.
cash flows used in investing activities, excluding the impact of consolidated sponsored investment products, for 2018 were $724 million and primarily reflected approximately $600 million net outflows related to the tcp, citibanamex, and dsp transactions, and $204 million of purchases of property and equipment.
cash flows used in financing activities, excluding the impact of consolidated sponsored investment products, for 2018 were $4,068 million, primarily resulting from $2.09 billion of share repurchases, including $1.66 billion in open market transactions and $427 million of employee tax withholdings related to employee stock transactions, and $1.97 billion of cash dividend payments.
the company manages its financial condition and funding to maintain appropriate liquidity for the business. liquidity resources at december 31, 2018 and 2017 were as follows:
credit facility - undrawn                                          4,000                 4,000
total liquidity resources(3)                                     $10,243               $10,831
(1)   the percentage of cash and cash equivalents held by the company's us subsidiaries was approximately 50% and 40% at december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. see net capital requirements herein for more information on net capital requirements in certain regulated subsidiaries.
(2)   the company cannot readily access such cash to use in its operating activities.
(3)   amounts do not reflect a reduction for year-end incentive compensation accruals of approximately $1.4 billion and $1.5 billion for 2018 and 2017, respectively, which are paid in the first quarter of the following year.
total liquidity resources decreased $588 million during 2018, primarily reflecting cash payments of 2017 year-end incentive awards, share repurchases of $2.09 billion, $1.97 billion of cash dividend payments and approximately $600 million net outflows related to the tcp, citibanamex and dsp transactions, partially offset by cash flows from other operating activities.
a significant portion of the company's $3,381 million of total investments, as adjusted, is illiquid in nature and, as such, cannot be readily convertible to cash.
share repurchases. the company repurchased 3.5 million common shares in open market transactions under its share repurchase program for approximately $1.66 billion during 2018. at december 31, 2018, there were 2.9 million shares still authorized to be repurchased.
in january 2019, the board of directors authorized the repurchase of an additional seven million shares under the company's existing share repurchase program for a total remaining capacity of up to approximately 9.9 million shares of blackrock common stock.
net capital requirements. the company is required to maintain net capital in certain regulated subsidiaries within a number of jurisdictions, which is partially maintained by retaining cash and cash equivalent investments in those subsidiaries or jurisdictions. as a result, such subsidiaries of the company may be restricted in their ability to transfer cash between different jurisdictions and to their parents. additionally, transfers of cash between international jurisdictions may have adverse tax consequences that could discourage such transfers.
blackrock institutional trust company, n.a. ("btc") is chartered as a national bank that does not accept deposits or make commercial loans and whose powers are limited to trust and other fiduciary activities. btc provides investment management services, including investment advisory and securities lending agency services, to institutional clients. btc is subject to regulatory capital and liquid asset requirements administered by the office of the comptroller of the currency.
at both december 31, 2018 and 2017, the company was required to maintain approximately $1.8 billion in net capital in certain regulated subsidiaries, including btc, entities regulated by the financial conduct authority and prudential regulation authority in the united kingdom, and the company's broker-dealers. the company was in compliance with all applicable regulatory net capital requirements.
undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries. as a result of the 2017 tax act and the one-time mandatory deemed repatriation tax on untaxed accumulated foreign earnings, us income taxes were provided on the undistributed foreign earnings. the financial statement basis in excess of tax basis of its foreign subsidiaries remains indefinitely reinvested in foreign operations. the company will continue to evaluate its capital management plans throughout 2019.
2018 revolving credit facility. the company's credit facility has an aggregate commitment amount of $4.0 billion and was amended in april 2018 to extend the maturity date to march 2023 (the "2018 credit facility"). the 2018 credit facility permits the company to request up to an additional $1.0 billion of borrowing capacity, subject to lender credit approval, increasing the overall size of the 2018 credit facility to an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $5.0 billion. interest on borrowings outstanding accrues at a rate based on the applicable london interbank offered rate plus a spread. the 2018 credit facility requires the company not to exceed a maximum leverage ratio (ratio of net debt to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, where net debt equals total debt less unrestricted cash) of 3 to 1, which was satisfied with a ratio of less than 1 to 1 at december 31, 2018. the 2018 credit facility provides back-up liquidity to fund ongoing working capital for general corporate purposes and various investment opportunities. at december 31, 2018, the company had no amount outstanding under the 2018 credit facility.
commercial paper program.  the company can issue unsecured commercial paper notes (the "cp notes") on a private-placement basis up to a maximum aggregate amount outstanding at any time of $4.0 billion. the commercial paper program is currently supported by the 2018 credit facility. at december 31, 2018, blackrock had no cp notes outstanding.
long-term borrowings the carrying value of long-term borrowings at december 31, 2018 included the following:
(in millions)           maturity amount      carrying value       maturity
(1)   the carrying value of the 1.25% notes is calculated using the eur/usd foreign exchange rate as of december 31, 2018.
for more information on company's borrowings, see note 13, borrowings, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements contained in part ii, item 8 of this filing.
contractual obligations, commitments and contingencies the following table sets forth contractual obligations, commitments and contingencies by year of payment at december 31, 2018:
contractual obligations and commitments:
investment commitments                                                352             -                 -             -             -                 -           352
total contractual obligations and commitments                       1,803           349             1,014           973           191             4,144         8,474
contingent payments related to business acquisitions(2)               242            44                35             7             -                 -           328
total contractual obligations, commitments and                     $2,045          $393            $1,049          $980          $191            $4,144        $8,802
(1)   the amount of principal and interest payments for the 2025 notes (issued in euros) represents the expected payment amounts using the eur/usd foreign exchange rate as of december 31, 2018.
(2)   the amount of contingent payments reflected for any year represents the expected payments using foreign currency exchange rates as of december 31, 2018. the fair value of the remaining aggregate contingent payments at december 31, 2018 totaled $287 million and is included in other liabilities on the consolidated statements of financial condition.
(3)   at december 31, 2018, the company had approximately $546 million of net unrecognized tax benefits. due to the uncertainty of timing and amounts that will ultimately be paid, this amount has been excluded from the table above.
operating leases. the company leases its primary office locations under agreements that expire on varying dates through 2043. in connection with certain lease agreements, the company is responsible for escalation payments. the contractual obligations table above includes only guaranteed minimum lease payments for such leases and does not project potential escalation or other lease-related payments. these leases are classified as operating leases and, as such, are currently not recorded as liabilities on the consolidated statements of financial condition.
in may 2017, the company entered into an agreement with 50 hymc owner llc, for the lease of approximately 847,000 square feet of office space located at 50 hudson yards, new york, new york. the term of the lease is twenty years from the date that rental payments begin, expected to occur in may 2023, with the option to renew for a specified term. the lease requires annual base rental payments of approximately $51 million per year during the first five years of the lease term, increasing every five years to $58 million, $66 million and $74 million per year (or approximately $1.2 billion in base rent over its twenty-year term). this lease is classified as an operating lease and, as such, is currently not recorded as a liability on the consolidated statements of financial condition.
purchase obligations. in the ordinary course of business, blackrock enters into contracts or purchase obligations with third parties whereby the third parties provide services to or on behalf of blackrock. purchase obligations included in the contractual obligations table above represent executory contracts, which are either noncancelable or cancelable with a penalty. at december 31, 2018, the company's obligations primarily reflected standard service contracts for portfolio services, market data, office-related services and third-party marketing and promotional services, and obligations for equipment. purchase obligations are recorded on the consolidated financial statements when services are provided and, as such, obligations for services and equipment not received are not included in the consolidated statement of financial condition at december 31, 2018.
investment commitments. at december 31, 2018, the company had $352 million of various capital commitments to fund sponsored investment products, including consolidated vies. these products include private equity funds, real assets funds and opportunistic funds. this amount excludes additional commitments made by consolidated funds of funds to underlying third-party funds as third-party noncontrolling interest holders have the legal obligation to fund the respective commitments of such funds of funds. generally, the timing of the funding of these commitments is unknown and the commitments are callable on demand at any time prior to the expiration of the commitment. these unfunded commitments are not recorded on the consolidated statements of financial condition. these commitments do not include potential future commitments approved by the company that are not yet legally binding. the company intends to make additional capital commitments from time to time to fund additional investment products for, and with, its clients.
contingent payments related to business acquisitions. in connection with certain acquisitions, blackrock is required to make contingent payments, subject to achieving specified performance targets, which may include revenue related to acquired contracts or new capital commitments for certain products. the fair value of the remaining aggregate contingent payments at december 31, 2018 totaled $287 million, and is included in other liabilities on the consolidated statements of financial condition.
the following items have not been included in the contractual obligations, commitments and contingencies table:
carried interest clawback. as a general partner in certain investment products, including private equity partnerships and certain hedge funds, the company may receive carried interest cash distributions from the partnerships in accordance with distribution provisions of the partnership agreements. the company may, from time to time, be required to return all or a portion of such distributions to the limited partners in the event the limited partners do not achieve a return as specified in the various partnership agreements. therefore, blackrock records carried interest subject to such clawback provisions in total investments, or cash/cash of consolidated vies to the extent that it is distributed, and as a deferred carried interest liability/other liabilities of consolidated vies on its consolidated statements of financial condition. carried interest is recorded as performance fees on blackrock's consolidated statements of income when fees are no longer probable of significant reversal.
indemnifications. in the ordinary course of business or in connection with certain acquisition agreements, blackrock enters into contracts pursuant to which it may agree to indemnify third parties in certain circumstances. the terms of these indemnities vary from contract to contract and the amount of indemnification liability, if any, cannot be determined or the likelihood of any liability is considered remote and, therefore, has not been included in the table above or recorded in the consolidated statement of financial condition at december 31, 2018. see further discussion in note 14, commitments and contingencies, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements contained in part ii, item 8 of this filing.
on behalf of certain clients, the company lends securities to highly rated banks and broker-dealers. in these securities lending transactions, the borrower is required to provide and maintain collateral at or above regulatory minimums. securities on loan are marked to market daily to determine if the borrower is required to pledge additional collateral. in connection with securities lending transactions, blackrock has agreed to indemnify certain securities lending clients against potential loss resulting from a borrower's failure to fulfill its obligations under the securities lending agreement should the value of the collateral pledged by the borrower at the time of default be insufficient to cover the borrower's obligation under the securities lending agreement. the amount of securities on loan as of december 31, 2018 and subject to this type of indemnification was $201 billion. in the company's capacity as lending agent, cash and securities totaling $214 billion was held as collateral for indemnified securities on loan at december 31, 2018. the fair value of these indemnifications was not material at december 31, 2018.
while the collateral pledged by a borrower is intended to be sufficient to offset the borrower's obligations to return securities borrowed and any other amounts owing to the lender under the relevant securities lending agreement, in the event of a borrower default, the company can give no assurance that the collateral pledged by the borrower will be sufficient to fulfill such obligations. if the amount of such pledged collateral is not sufficient to fulfill such obligations to a client for whom the company has provided indemnification, blackrock would be responsible for the amount of the shortfall. these indemnifications cover only the collateral shortfall described above, and do not in any way guarantee, assume or otherwise insure the investment performance or return of any cash collateral vehicle into which securities lending cash collateral is invested.
compensation and benefit obligations. the company has various compensation and benefit obligations, including bonuses, commissions and incentive payments payable, defined contribution plan matching contribution obligations, and deferred compensation arrangements, that are excluded from the contractual obligations and commitments table above. accrued compensation and benefits at december 31, 2018 totaled $1,988 million and included incentive compensation of $1,424 million, deferred compensation of $310 million and other compensation and benefits related obligations of $254 million. substantially all of the incentive compensation liability was paid in the first quarter of 2019, while the deferred compensation obligations are generally payable over periods of up to three years.
critical accounting policies the preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with gaap requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expense during the reporting periods. actual results could differ significantly from those estimates. management considers the following critical accounting policies important to understanding the consolidated financial statements. for a summary of these and additional accounting policies see note 2, significant accounting policies, in the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this filing, including information regarding the adoption of asu 2014-09.
consolidation in the normal course of business, the company is the manager of various types of sponsored investment vehicles. the company performs an analysis for investment products to determine if the product is a vie or a vre. assessing whether an entity is a vie or a vre involves judgment and analysis. factors considered in this assessment include the entity's legal organization, the entity's capital structure and equity ownership, and any related party or de facto agent implications of the company's involvement with the entity. investments that are determined to be vres are consolidated if the company can exert control over the financial and operating policies of the investee, which generally exists if there is greater than 50% voting interest. see note 5, consolidated voting rights entities, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements contained in part ii, item 8 of this filing for more information. investments that are determined to be vies are consolidated if the company is the primary beneficiary ("pb") of the entity.
at december 31, 2018, blackrock was determined to be the pb for certain investment products that were determined to be vies, which required blackrock to consolidate them. blackrock was deemed to be the pb because it has the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the entities' economic performance and has the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits that potentially could be significant to the vie. the company generally consolidates vies in which it holds an equity ownership interest of 10% or greater and deconsolidates such vies once equity ownership falls below 10%. see note 6, variable interest entities, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements contained in part ii, item 8 of this filing for more information.
investments equity method investments. for equity investments where blackrock does not control the investee, and where it is not the pb of a vie, but can exert significant influence over the financial and operating policies of the investee, the company follows the equity method of accounting. the evaluation of whether the company exerts control or significant influence over the financial and operational policies of its investees requires significant judgment based on the facts and circumstances surrounding each individual investment. factors considered in these evaluations may include the type of investment, the legal structure of the investee, the terms and structure of the investment agreement, including investor voting or other rights, the terms of blackrock's advisory agreement or other agreements with the investee, any influence blackrock may have on the governing board of the investee, the legal rights of other investors in the entity pursuant to the fund's operating documents and the relationship between blackrock and other investors in the entity.
blackrock's equity method investees that are investment companies record their underlying investments at fair value. therefore, under the equity method of accounting, blackrock's share of the investee's underlying net income predominantly represents fair value adjustments in the investments held by the equity method investees. blackrock's share of the investee's underlying net income or loss is based upon the most currently available information and is recorded as nonoperating income (expense) for investments in investment companies, or as advisory and other revenue for certain strategic investments, which are recorded in other assets, since such investees are considered to be an extension of blackrock's core business.
at december 31, 2018, the company had $781 million and $459 million of equity method investments, included in investments and other assets, respectively, and at december 31, 2017, the company had $816 million and $468 million of equity method investments included in investments and other assets, respectively.
other nonequity method minority strategic investments.  other nonequity method minority strategic investments are recorded within other assets on the consolidated statements of financial condition.  at december 31, 2018 and 2017, these investments totaled $199 million and $45 million, respectively, and included investments in equity securities, which are generally measured at fair value or under the measurement alternative to fair value for nonmarketable securities. changes in value of these securities are recorded in nonoperating income (expense) on the consolidated statements of income. see note 2, significant accounting policies, in the consolidated financial statements contained in part ii, item 8 of this filing for more information.
impairments of investments. evaluation of impairments involves significant assumptions and management judgments, which could differ from actual results, and these differences could have a material impact on the consolidated statements of income. see note 2, significant accounting policies, in the consolidated financial statements contained in part ii, item 8 of this filing for more information.
fair value measurements the company's assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement according to the fair value hierarchy (i.e., level 1, 2 and 3 inputs, as defined) in its entirety requires judgment and considers factors specific to the financial instrument. see note 2, significant accounting policies, in the consolidated financial statements contained in part ii, item 8 of this filing for more information on fair value measurements.
changes in valuation. changes in value on $4,476 million of total investments will impact the company's nonoperating income (expense), $280 million are held at cost or amortized cost and the remaining $387 million relates to carried interest, which will not impact nonoperating income (expense). at december 31, 2018, changes in fair value of $2,835 million of consolidated vies/vres will impact blackrock's net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests on the consolidated statements of income. blackrock's net exposure to changes in fair value of consolidated vies/vres was $1,740 million.
goodwill and intangible assets the value of advisory contracts acquired in business acquisitions to manage aum in proprietary open-end investment funds as well as collective trust funds without a specified termination date are classified as indefinite-lived intangible assets. the assignment of indefinite lives to such investment fund contracts is based upon the assumption there is no foreseeable limit on the contract period to manage these funds due to the likelihood of continued renewal at little or no cost. in addition, trade names/trademarks are considered indefinite-lived intangibles as they are expected to generate cash flows indefinitely. goodwill represents the cost of a business acquisition in excess of the fair value of the net assets acquired. indefinite-lived intangible assets and goodwill are not amortized. finite-lived management contracts and investor/customer relationships, which relate to acquired separate accounts and funds with a specified termination date, are amortized over their remaining expected useful lives, which, at december 31, 2018, ranged from 1 to 12 years with a weighted-average remaining estimated useful life of 6.5 years.
goodwill. the company assesses its goodwill for impairment at least annually, considering such factors as the book value and the market capitalization of the company. the impairment assessment performed as of july 31, 2018 indicated no impairment charge was required. the company continues to monitor its book value per share compared with closing prices of its common stock for potential indicators of impairment. at december 31, 2018, the company's common stock closed at $392.82, which exceeded its book value of approximately $204.23 per share.
indefinite-lived and finite-lived intangibles. the company performs assessments to determine if any intangible assets are impaired and whether the indefinite-life and finite-life classifications are still appropriate.
in evaluating whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of indefinite-lived intangibles is less than carrying value, blackrock performed certain quantitative assessments and assessed various significant qualitative factors including aum, revenue basis points, projected aum growth rates, operating margins, tax rates and discount rates. in addition, the company considered other factors including: (i) macroeconomic conditions such as a deterioration in general economic conditions, limitations on accessing capital, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, or other developments in equity and credit markets; (ii) industry and market considerations such as a deterioration in the environment in which an entity operates, an increased competitive environment, a decline in market-dependent multiples or metrics, a change in the market for an entity's services, or regulatory, legal or political developments; and (iii) entity-specific events, such as a change in management or key personnel, overall financial performance and litigation that could affect significant inputs used to determine the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset. if an indefinite-lived intangible is determined to be more likely than not impaired, then the fair value of the asset is compared with its carrying value and any excess of the carrying value over the fair value would be recognized as an expense in the period in which the impairment occurs.
for finite-lived intangible assets, if potential impairment circumstances are considered to exist, the company will perform a recoverability test, using an undiscounted cash flow analysis. actual results could differ from these cash flow estimates, which could materially impact the impairment conclusion. if the carrying value of the asset is determined not to be recoverable based on the undiscounted cash flow test, the difference between the book value of the asset and its current fair value would be recognized as an expense in the period in which the impairment occurs.
in addition, management judgment is required to estimate the period over which finite-lived intangible assets will contribute to the company's cash flows and the pattern in which these assets will be consumed. a change in the remaining useful life of any of these assets, or the reclassification of an indefinite-lived intangible asset to a finite-lived intangible asset, could have a significant impact on the company's amortization expense, which was $50 million, $89 million and $99 million for 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
in 2018, 2017 and 2016, the company performed impairment tests, including evaluating various qualitative factors and performing certain quantitative assessments. the company determined that no impairment charges were required and that the classification of indefinite-lived versus finite-lived intangibles was still appropriate and no changes to the expected lives of the finite-lived intangibles were required. the company continuously monitors various factors, including aum, for potential indicators of impairment.
contingent consideration liabilities in connection with certain acquisitions, blackrock is required to make contingent payments, subject to achieving specified performance targets. the fair value of this contingent consideration is estimated at the time of acquisition closing and is included in other liabilities on the consolidated statements of financial condition. as the fair value of the expected payments amount subsequently change, the contingent consideration liability is adjusted, resulting in contingent consideration fair value adjustments recorded within general and administration expense of the consolidated statements of income. cash payments up to the acquisition date fair value of the contingent consideration liability are reflected as financing activities with excess (if any) cash payments classified in operating activities. any cash payments made soon after the acquisition date will be classified in investing activities.
income taxes deferred income tax assets and liabilities are recognized for future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases using currently enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. the effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date.
significant management judgment is required in estimating the ranges of possible outcomes and determining the probability of favorable or unfavorable tax outcomes and potential interest and penalties related to such unfavorable outcomes. actual future tax consequences relating to uncertain tax positions may be materially different than the company's current estimates. at december 31, 2018, blackrock had $795 million of gross unrecognized tax benefits, of which $462 million, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate.
management is required to estimate the timing of the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities, make assumptions about the future deductibility of deferred income tax assets and assess deferred income tax liabilities based on enacted tax rates for the appropriate tax jurisdictions to determine the amount of such deferred income tax assets and liabilities. at december 31, 2018, the company had deferred income tax assets of $163 million and deferred income tax liabilities of $3,571 million on the consolidated statement of financial condition. changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities may occur in certain circumstances, including statutory income tax rate changes, statutory tax law changes, changes in the anticipated timing of recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities or changes in the structure or tax status of the company.
the company assesses whether a valuation allowance should be established against its deferred income tax assets based on consideration of all available evidence, both positive and negative, using a more likely than not standard. the assessment considers, among other matters, the nature, frequency and severity of recent losses, forecast of future profitability, the duration of statutory carry back and carry forward periods, the company's experience with tax attributes expiring unused, and tax planning alternatives.
the company records income taxes based upon its estimated income tax liability or benefit. the company's actual tax liability or benefit may differ from the estimated income tax liability or benefit. the company had current income taxes receivables of approximately $282 million and current income taxes payables of $341 million at december 31, 2018.
for further information on the 2017 tax act, see note 23, income taxes, in the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this filing.
revenue recognition revenue is recognized upon transfer of control of promised services to customers in an amount to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those services. the company enters into contracts that can include multiple services, which are accounted for separately if they are determined to be distinct. management judgment is required to identify distinct services and involves assessing such factors as whether the promised services significantly modify or customize one another or are highly interdependent or interrelated. management judgment may be also required when determining the following: when variable consideration is no longer probable of significant reversal (and hence can be included in revenue); whether certain revenue should be presented gross or net of certain related costs; when a promised service transfers to the customer; and the applicable method of measuring progress for services transferred to the customer over time. many of blackrock's promised services represent a series of distinct services (e.g., investment advisory services) in which the associated variable consideration (e.g., management fees) is allocated to specific days of service as opposed to over the entire contract term.
investment advisory and administration fees are recognized as the services are performed over time because the customer is receiving and consuming the benefits as they are provided by the company. fees are primarily based on agreed-upon percentages of aum and recognized for services provided during the period, which are distinct from services provided in other periods. such fees are affected by changes in aum, including market appreciation or depreciation, foreign exchange translation and net inflows or outflows. aum represents the broad range of financial assets the company manages for clients on a discretionary basis pursuant to investment management and trust agreements that are expected to continue for at least 12 months. in general, reported aum reflects the valuation methodology that corresponds to the basis used for determining revenue (for example, net asset value).
the company earns revenue by lending securities on behalf of clients, primarily to highly rated banks and broker-dealers. the securities loaned are secured by collateral, generally ranging from 102% to 112% of the value of the loaned securities. for 2018, 2017 and 2016, securities lending revenue earned by the company totaled $627 million, $597 million and $579 million, respectively, and is recorded in investment advisory, administration and securities lending revenue on the consolidated statements of income. investment advisory, administration fees and securities lending revenue are reported together as the fees for these services often are agreed upon with clients as a bundled fee.
the company receives investment advisory performance fees, including incentive allocations (carried interest) from certain actively managed investment funds and certain separately managed accounts. these performance fees are dependent upon exceeding specified relative or absolute investment return thresholds, which may vary by product or account, and include monthly, quarterly, annual or longer measurement periods.
performance fees, including carried interest, are recognized when it is determined that they are no longer probable of significant reversal (such as upon the sale of a fund's investment or when the amount of aum becomes known as of the end of a specified measurement period). given the unique nature of each fee arrangement, contracts with customers are evaluated on an individual basis to determine the timing of revenue recognition. significant judgement is involved in making such determination. performance fees typically arise from investment management services that began in prior reporting periods. consequently, a portion of the fees the company recognizes may be partially related to the services performed in prior periods that meet the recognition criteria in the current period. at each reporting date, the company considers various factors in estimating performance fees to be recognized, including carried interest. these factors include but are not limited to whether: (1) the fees are dependent on the market and thus are highly susceptible to factors outside the company's influence; (2) the fees have a large number and a broad range of possible amounts; and (3) the funds or separately managed accounts have the ability to invest or reinvest their sales proceeds.
the company is allocated carried interest from certain alternative investment products upon exceeding performance thresholds. the company may be required to reverse/return all, or part, of such carried interest allocations/distributions depending upon future performance of these funds. therefore, carried interest subject to such clawback provisions is recorded in investments/investments of consolidated vies or cash/cash of consolidated vies to the extent that it is distributed, on its consolidated statements of financial condition.
the company records a liability for deferred carried interest to the extent it receives cash or capital allocations related to carried interest prior to meeting the revenue recognition criteria. at december 31, 2018 and 2017, the company had $293 million and $219 million, respectively, of deferred carried interest recorded in other liabilities/other liabilities of consolidated vies on the consolidated statements of financial condition. a portion of the deferred carried interest may also be paid to certain employees. the ultimate timing of the recognition of performance fee revenue and related compensation expense, if any, for these products is unknown. see note 15, revenue, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements for detailed changes in the deferred carried interest liability balance for 2018 and 2017.
fees earned for technology services are recorded as services are performed and are generally determined using the value of positions on the aladdin platform or on a fixed-rate basis.
adjustments to revenue arising from initial estimates recorded historically have been immaterial since the majority of blackrock's investment advisory and administration revenue is calculated based on aum and since the company does not record performance fee revenue until: (1) performance thresholds have been exceeded and (2) management determines the fees are no longer probable of significant reversal.
distribution and service fees represent fees earned for distributing investment products and for providing other support services to investment portfolios, are based on net asset values, and are recognized when the amount of fees is known.
accounting developments for accounting pronouncements that the company adopted during the year ended december 31, 2018 and for recent accounting pronouncements not yet adopted, see note 2, significant accounting policies, in the consolidated financial statements contained in part ii, item 8 of this filing.