item 1a. risk factors.
our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows are subject to, and could be materially adversely affected by, various risks and uncertainties, including, without limitation, those set forth below, any one of which could cause our actual results to vary materially from recent results or our anticipated future results. we present these risk factors grouped by category, and the risks factors contained in each respective category are presented in order of their relative priority to us.
risks related to our business our inability to retain or hire qualified employees, as well as the loss of any of our executive officers, could negatively impact our ability to retain existing business and generate new business.
our success depends on our ability to attract and retain skilled and experienced personnel. there is significant competition from within the insurance industry and from businesses outside the industry for exceptional employees, especially in key positions. if we are not able to successfully attract, retain and motivate our employees, our business, financial results and reputation could be materially and adversely affected.
losing employees who manage or support substantial customer relationships or possess substantial experience or expertise could adversely affect our ability to secure and complete customer engagements, which would adversely affect our results of operations. also, if any of our key personnel were to join an existing competitor or form a competing company, some of our customers could choose to use the services of that competitor instead of our services. while our key personnel are generally prohibited by contract from soliciting our employees and customers for a two-year period following separation from employment with us, they are not prohibited from competing with us.
in addition, we could be adversely affected if we fail to adequately plan for the succession of our senior leaders and key executives. while we have succession plans in place and we have employment arrangements with certain key executives, these do not guarantee that the services of these executives will continue to be available to us. although we operate with a decentralized sales and service operating model, the loss of our senior leaders or other key personnel, or our inability to continue to identify, recruit and retain such personnel, could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
our growth strategy depends, in part, on the acquisition of other insurance intermediaries, which may not be available on acceptable terms in the future or which, if consummated, may not be advantageous to us.
our growth strategy partially includes the acquisition of other insurance intermediaries. our ability to successfully identify suitable acquisition candidates, complete acquisitions, integrate acquired businesses into our operations, and expand into new markets requires us to implement and continuously improve our operations and our financial and management information systems. integrated, acquired businesses may not achieve levels of revenues or profitability comparable to our existing operations, or otherwise perform as expected. in addition, we compete for acquisition and expansion opportunities with firms and banks that may have substantially greater resources than we do. acquisitions also involve a number of special risks, such as diversion of management's attention; difficulties in the integration of acquired operations and retention of personnel; increase in expenses and working capital requirements, which could reduce our return on invested capital; entry into unfamiliar markets or lines of business; unanticipated problems or legal liabilities; estimation of the acquisition earn-out payables; and tax and accounting issues, some or all of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. post-acquisition deterioration of operating performance could also result in lower or negative earnings contribution and/or goodwill impairment charges.
a cybersecurity attack, or any other interruption in information technology and/or data security and/or outsourcing relationships, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and reputation.
we rely on information technology and third party vendors to provide effective and efficient service to our customers, process claims, and timely and accurately report information to carriers and which often involves secure processing of confidential sensitive, proprietary and other types of information. cybersecurity breaches of any of the systems we rely on may result from circumvention of security systems, denial-of-service attacks or other cyber-attacks, hacking, "phishing" attacks, computer viruses, ransomware, malware, employee or insider error, malfeasance, social engineering, physical breaches or other actions, any of which could expose us to data loss, monetary and reputational damages and significant increases in compliance costs. an interruption of our access to, or an inability to access, our information technology, telecommunications or other systems could significantly impair our ability to perform such functions on a timely basis. if sustained or repeated, such a business interruption, system failure or service denial could result in a deterioration of our ability to write and process new and renewal business, provide customer service, pay claims in a timely manner or perform other necessary business functions. we have from time to time experienced cybersecurity breaches, such as computer viruses, unauthorized parties gaining access to our information technology systems and similar incidents, which to date have not had a material impact on our business.
additionally, we are an acquisitive organization and the process of integrating the information systems of the businesses we acquire is complex and exposes us to additional risk as we might not adequately identify weaknesses in the targets' information systems, which could expose us to unexpected liabilities or make our own systems more vulnerable to attack. in the future, any material breaches of cybersecurity, or media reports of the same, even if untrue, could cause us to experience reputational harm, loss of clients and revenue, loss of proprietary data, regulatory actions and scrutiny, sanctions or other statutory penalties, litigation, liability for failure to safeguard clients' information or financial losses. such losses may not be insured against or not fully covered through insurance we maintain.
while we have invested and continue to invest in technology security initiatives, policies and resources and employee training, entirely eliminating all risk of improper access to private information is not possible. the cost and operational consequences of implementing, maintaining and enhancing further system protections measures could increase significantly as cybersecurity threats increase. as these threats evolve, cybersecurity incidents will be more difficult to detect, defend against and remediate. any of the foregoing may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and reputation.
rapid technological change may require additional resources and time to adequately respond to dynamics, which may adversely affect our business and operating results.
frequent technological changes, new products and services and evolving industry standards are influencing the insurance business. the internet, for example, is increasingly used to securely transmit benefits and related information to customers and to facilitate business-to-business information exchange and transactions.
we are continuously taking steps to upgrade and expand our information systems capabilities. maintaining, protecting and enhancing these capabilities to keep pace with evolving industry and regulatory standards, and changing customer preferences, requires an ongoing commitment of significant resources. if the information we rely upon to run our businesses was found to be inaccurate or unreliable or if we fail to effectively maintain our information systems and data integrity, we could experience operational disruptions, regulatory or other legal problems, increases in operating expenses, loss of existing customers, difficulty in attracting new customers, or suffer other adverse consequences.
we are currently underway with a multi-year plan to upgrade many of our technology platforms and anticipate investing a total of $30 million to $40 million, which will have an impact on our operating margins and cash flow during this period. we have not determined, however, if additional resources and time for development and implementation may be required, which if required, may result in short-term, unexpected interruptions or impacts to our business, or may result in a competitive disadvantage in price and/or efficiency, as we develop or implement new technologies.
our technological development projects may not deliver the benefits we expect once they are completed, or may be replaced or become obsolete more quickly than expected, which could result in the accelerated recognition of expenses. if we do not effectively and efficiently manage and upgrade our technology portfolio regularly, or if the costs of doing so are higher than we expect, our ability to provide competitive services to new and existing customers in a cost-effective manner and our ability to implement our strategic initiatives could be adversely impacted.
changes in data privacy and protection laws and regulations, or any failure to comply with such laws and regulations, could adversely affect our business and financial results.
we are subject to a variety of continuously evolving and developing laws and regulations globally regarding privacy, data protection, and data security, including those related to the collection, storage, handling, use, disclosure, transfer, and security of personal data. significant uncertainty exists as privacy and data protection laws may be interpreted and applied differently from country to country and may create inconsistent or conflicting requirements. these laws apply to transfers of information among our affiliates, as well as to transactions we enter into with third party vendors. for example, the european union adopted a comprehensive general data privacy regulation ("gdpr") in may 2016 that replaced the former eu data protection directive and related country-specific legislation. the gdpr became fully effective in may 2018 and requires companies to satisfy new requirements regarding the handling of personal and sensitive data, including its use, protection and the ability of persons whose data is stored to correct or delete such data about themselves. failure to comply with gdpr requirements could result in penalties of up to 4% of worldwide revenue. complying with the enhanced obligations imposed by the gdpr may result in significant costs to our business and require us to revise certain of our business practices. in addition, legislators and regulators in the u.s. have enacted and are proposing new and more robust privacy and cybersecurity laws and regulations in light of the recent broad-based cyber attacks at a number of companies, including but not limited to the new york state department of financial services cybersecurity requirements for financial services companies and the california consumer privacy act of 2018.
these and similar initiatives around the world could increase the cost of developing, implementing or securing our servers and require us to allocate more resources to improved technologies, adding to our it and compliance costs. in addition, enforcement actions and investigations by regulatory authorities related to data security incidents and privacy violations continue to increase. the enactment of more restrictive laws, rules, regulations or future enforcement actions or investigations could impact us through increased costs or restrictions on our business, and noncompliance could result in regulatory penalties and significant legal liability.
we derive a significant portion of our commission revenues from a limited number of insurance companies, the loss of which could result in additional expense and loss of market share.
for the year ended december 31, 2018, no insurance company accounted for more than 5.0% of our total core commissions. for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, approximately 5.0% and 6.0%, respectively, of our total core commissions was derived from insurance policies underwritten by one insurance company. should this insurance company seek to terminate its arrangements with us or to otherwise decrease the number of insurance policies underwritten for us, we believe that other insurance companies are available to underwrite the business, although some additional expense and loss of market share could result.
because our business is highly concentrated in arizona, california, florida, georgia, illinois, indiana, kentucky, massachusetts, michigan, minnesota, new jersey, new york, north carolina, oregon, pennsylvania, texas, virginia, washington and wisconsin, adverse economic conditions, natural disasters, or regulatory changes in these states could adversely affect our financial condition.
a significant portion of our business is concentrated in arizona, california, florida, georgia, illinois, indiana, kentucky massachusetts, michigan, minnesota, new jersey, new york, north carolina, oregon, pennsylvania, texas, virginia, washington and wisconsin. for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, we derived $1,976.5 million or 88.6%, $1,692.6 million or 90.0%, and $1,574.0 million or 89.1%, of our annualized revenue, respectively, from our operations located in these states. we believe the current regulatory environment for insurance intermediaries in these states is no more restrictive than in other states. the insurance business is primarily a state-regulated industry, and therefore, state legislatures may enact laws that adversely affect the insurance industry. because our business is concentrated in the states identified above, we face greater exposure to unfavorable changes in regulatory conditions in those states than insurance intermediaries whose operations are more diversified through a greater number of states. in addition, the occurrence of adverse economic conditions, natural or other disasters, or other circumstances specific to or otherwise significantly impacting these states could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. we are susceptible to losses and interruptions caused by hurricanes (particularly in florida, where we have 46 offices and our headquarters, as well as in texas, where we have 14 offices.), earthquakes (including in california, where we have 24 offices), power shortages, telecommunications failures, water shortages, floods, fire, extreme weather conditions, geopolitical events such as terrorist acts and other natural or man-made disasters. our insurance coverage with respect to natural disasters is limited and is subject to deductibles and coverage limits. such coverage may not be adequate, or may not continue to be available at commercially reasonable rates and terms.
our corporate culture has contributed to our success, and if we cannot maintain this culture, or if we experience a change in management, management philosophy, or business strategy, our business may be harmed.
we believe that a significant contributor to our success has been our corporate culture as a lean, decentralized, highly competitive, profit-oriented sales and service organization. as we grow, including from the integration of employees and businesses acquired in connection with previous or future acquisitions, we may find it difficult to maintain important aspects of our corporate culture, which could negatively affect our profitability and/or our ability to retain and recruit people of the highest integrity and quality who are essential to our future success.  we may face pressure to change our culture as we grow, particularly if we experience difficulties in attracting competent personnel who are willing to embrace our culture.  in addition, as our organization grows and we are required to implement more complex organizational structures, or if we experience a change in management, management philosophy, or business strategy, we may find it increasingly difficult to maintain the beneficial aspects of our corporate culture, such as our decentralized sales and service operating model, which could negatively impact our future success.
if we fail to comply with the covenants contained in certain of our agreements, our liquidity, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected.
the credit agreements that govern our debt contain various covenants and other limitations with which we must comply. at december 31, 2018, we believe we were in compliance with the financial covenants and other limitations contained in each of these agreements. however, failure to comply with material provisions of our covenants in these agreements or other credit or similar agreements to which we may become a party could result in a default, rendering them unavailable to us and causing a material adverse effect on our liquidity, results of operations and financial condition. in the event of certain defaults, the lenders thereunder would not be required to lend any additional amounts to or purchase any additional notes from us and could elect to declare all borrowings outstanding, together with accrued and unpaid interest and fees, to be due and payable. if the indebtedness under these agreements or our other indebtedness, were to be accelerated, there can be no assurance that our assets would be sufficient to repay such indebtedness in full.
certain of our agreements contain various covenants that limit the discretion of our management in operating our business and could prevent us from engaging in certain potentially beneficial activities.
the restrictive covenants in our debt agreements may impact how we operate our business and prevent us from engaging in certain potentially beneficial activities. in particular, among other covenants, our debt agreements require us to maintain a minimum ratio of consolidated ebitda (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization), adjusted for certain transaction-related items ("consolidated ebitda"), to consolidated interest expense and a maximum ratio of consolidated net indebtedness to consolidated ebitda. our compliance with these covenants could limit management's discretion in operating our business and could prevent us from engaging in certain potentially beneficial activities.
there are inherent uncertainties involved in estimates, judgments and assumptions used in the preparation of financial statements in accordance with u.s. gaap. any changes in estimates, judgments and assumptions could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations and therefore our business.
the annual consolidated financial statements and condensed consolidated financial statements included in the periodic reports we file with the sec are prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap. the preparation of financial statements in accordance with u.s. gaap involves making estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets (including intangible assets), liabilities and related reserves, revenues, expenses and income. estimates, judgments and assumptions are inherently subject to change in the future, and any such changes could result in corresponding changes to the amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses and income, and could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
improper disclosure of confidential information could negatively impact our business.
we are responsible for maintaining the security and privacy of our customers' confidential and proprietary information and the personal data of their employees. we have put in place policies, procedures and technological safeguards designed to protect the security and privacy of this information, however, we cannot guarantee that this information will not be improperly disclosed or accessed. disclosure of this information could harm our reputation and subject us to liability under our contracts and laws that protect personal data, resulting in increased costs or loss of revenues.
due to inherent limitations, there can be no assurance that our system of disclosure and internal controls and procedures will be successful in preventing all errors or fraud, or in informing management of all material information in a timely manner.
our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and internal controls and procedures will prevent all error and fraud. a control system, no matter how well conceived, operated and tested, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. further, the design of a control system reflects that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the company have been detected. these inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur simply because of error or mistake. additionally, controls can be circumvented by individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of a control.
the design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. over time, a control may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and may not be detected.
our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity may be materially adversely affected by certain actual and potential claims, regulatory actions and proceedings.
we are subject to various actual and potential claims, regulatory actions and other proceedings including those relating to alleged errors and omissions in connection with the placement or servicing of insurance and/or the provision of services in the ordinary course of business, of which we cannot, and likely will not be able to, predict the outcome with certainty. because we often assist customers with matters involving substantial amounts of money, including the placement of insurance and the handling of related claims that customers may assert, errors and omissions claims against us may arise alleging potential liability for all or part of the amounts in question. also, the failure of an insurer with whom we place business could result in errors and omissions claims against us by our customers, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. claimants may seek large damage awards, and these claims may involve potentially significant legal costs, including punitive damages. such claims, lawsuits and other proceedings could, for example, include claims for damages based upon allegations that our employees or sub-agents failed to procure coverage, report claims on behalf of customers, provide insurance companies with complete and accurate information relating to the risks being insured or appropriately apply funds that we hold for our customers on a fiduciary basis. in addition, given the long-tail nature of professional liability claims, errors and omissions matters can relate to matters dating back many years. where appropriate, we have established provisions against these potential matters that we believe to be adequate in the light of current information and legal advice, and we adjust such provisions from time to time according to developments.
while most of the errors and omissions claims made against us (subject to our self-insured deductibles) have been covered by our professional indemnity insurance, our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity may be adversely affected if, in the future, our insurance coverage proves to be inadequate or unavailable, or if there is an increase in liabilities for which we self-insure. our ability to obtain professional indemnity insurance in the amounts and with the deductibles we desire in the future may be adversely impacted by general developments in the market for such insurance or our own claims experience. in addition, regardless of monetary costs, these matters could have a material adverse effect on our reputation and cause harm to our carrier, customer or employee relationships, or divert personnel and management resources.
our business, and therefore our results of operations and financial condition, may be adversely affected by further changes in the u.s.-based credit markets.
although we are not currently experiencing any limitation of access to our revolving credit facility (which matures in 2022) and are not aware of any issues impacting the ability or willingness of our lenders under such facility to honor their commitments to extend us credit, the failure of a lender could adversely affect our ability to borrow on that facility, which over time could negatively impact our ability to consummate significant acquisitions or make other significant capital expenditures. tightening conditions in the credit markets in future years could adversely affect the availability and terms of future borrowings or renewals or refinancing.
we also have a significant amount of trade accounts receivable from some insurance companies with which we place insurance. if those insurance companies were to experience liquidity problems or other financial difficulties, we could encounter delays or defaults in payments owed to us, which could have a significant adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
certain of our existing shareholders have significant control of the company.
we have operations internationally, which may result in a number of additional risks and require more management time and expense than our domestic operations to achieve or maintain profitability.
we have operations in the united kingdom, bermuda, canada and the cayman islands. in the future, we intend to continue to consider additional international expansion opportunities. our international operations may be subject to a number of risks, including:
•difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations;
•   less flexible employee relationships, which may make it difficult and expensive to terminate employees and which limits our ability to prohibit employees from competing with us after their employment ceases;
•political and economic instability (including acts of terrorism and outbreaks of war);
•coordinating our communications and logistics across geographic distances and multiple time zones;
•unexpected changes in regulatory requirements and laws;
•   adverse trade policies, and adverse changes to any of the policies of either the u.s. or any of the foreign jurisdictions in which we operate;
•adverse changes in tax rates;
•variations in foreign currency exchange rates;
•legal or political constraints on our ability to maintain or increase prices;
•governmental restrictions on the transfer of funds to or from us, including to or from our operations outside the united states; and
•   burdens of complying with a wide variety of labor practices and foreign laws, including those relating to export and import duties, environmental policies and privacy issues.
risks related to our industry our current market share may decrease as a result of disintermediation within the insurance industry, including increased competition from insurance companies, technology companies and the financial services industry, as well as the shift away from traditional insurance markets.
the insurance intermediary business is highly competitive and we actively compete with numerous firms for customers and insurance companies, many of which have relationships with insurance companies or have a significant presence in niche insurance markets that may give them an advantage over us. other competitive concerns may include the quality of our products and services, our pricing and the ability of some of our customers to self-insure and the entrance of technology companies into the insurance intermediary business. a number of insurance companies are engaged in the direct sale of insurance, primarily to individuals, and do not pay commissions to agents and brokers. in addition, and to the extent that banks, securities firms, private equity funds, and insurance companies affiliate, the financial services industry may experience further consolidation, and we therefore may experience increased competition from insurance companies and the financial services industry, as a growing number of larger financial institutions increasingly, and aggressively, offer a wider variety of financial services, including insurance intermediary services.
in addition, there has been an increase in alternative insurance markets, such as self-insurance, captives, risk retention groups and non-insurance capital markets. while we collaborate and compete in these segments on a fee-for-service basis, we cannot be certain that such alternative markets will provide the same level of insurance coverage or profitability as traditional insurance markets.
current u.s. economic conditions may adversely affect our business.
if economic conditions were to worsen, a number of negative effects on our business could result, including declines in values of insurable exposure units, declines in insurance premium rates, the financial insolvency of insurance companies, or the reduced ability of customers to pay. also, if general economic conditions are poor, some of our customers may cease operations completely or be acquired by other companies, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. if these customers are affected by poor economic conditions, but yet remain in existence, they may face liquidity problems or other financial difficulties that could result in delays or defaults in payments owed to us, which could have a significant adverse impact on our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. any of these effects could decrease our net revenues and profitability.
our business, and therefore our results of operations and financial condition, may be adversely affected by conditions that result in reduced insurer capacity.
our results of operations depend on the continued capacity of insurance carriers to underwrite risk and provide coverage, which depends in turn on those insurance companies' ability to procure reinsurance. capacity could also be reduced by insurance companies failing or withdrawing from writing certain coverages that we offer to our customers. we have no control over these matters. to the extent that reinsurance becomes less widely available or significantly more expensive, we may not be able to procure the amount or types of coverage that our customers desire and the coverage we are able to procure for our customers may be more expensive or limited.
quarterly and annual variations in our commissions that result from the timing of policy renewals and the net effect of new and lost business production may have unexpected effects on our results of operations.
our commission income (including profit-sharing contingent commissions and override commissions) can vary quarterly or annually due to the timing of policy renewals and the net effect of new and lost business production. we do not control the factors that cause these variations. specifically, customers' demand for insurance products can influence the timing of renewals, new business and lost business (which includes policies that are not renewed), and cancellations. in addition, we rely on insurance companies for the payment of certain commissions. because these payments are processed internally by these insurance companies, we may not receive a payment that is otherwise expected from a particular insurance company in a particular quarter or year until after the end of that period, which can adversely affect our ability to forecast these revenues and therefore budget for significant future expenditures. quarterly and annual fluctuations in revenues based upon increases and decreases associated with the timing of new business, policy renewals and payments from insurance companies may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
profit-sharing contingent commissions are special revenue-sharing commissions paid by insurance companies based upon the profitability, volume and/or growth of the business placed with such companies generally during the prior year. over the last three years these commissions generally have been in the range of 3.0% to 3.5% of our previous year's total core commissions and fees. due to, among other things, potentially poor macroeconomic conditions, the inherent uncertainty of loss in our industry and changes in underwriting criteria due in part to the high loss ratios experienced by insurance companies, we cannot predict the payment of these profit-sharing contingent commissions. further, we have no control over the ability of insurance companies to estimate loss reserves, which affects our ability to make profit-sharing calculations. override commissions are paid by insurance companies based upon the volume of business that we place with them and are generally paid over the course of the year. because profit-sharing contingent commissions and override commissions materially affect our revenues, any decrease in their payment to us could adversely affect our results of operations, profitability and our financial condition.
we could incur substantial losses from our cash and investment accounts if one of the financial institutions that we use fails or is taken over by the u.s. federal deposit insurance corporation ("fdic").
we maintain cash and investment balances, including restricted cash held in premium trust accounts, at numerous depository institutions in amounts that are significantly in excess of the limits insured by the fdic. if one or more of the depository institutions with which we maintain significant cash balances were to fail or be taken over by the fdic, our ability to access these funds might be temporarily or permanently limited, and we could face material liquidity problems and potential material financial losses.
our business practices and compensation arrangements are subject to uncertainty due to potential changes in regulations.
the business practices and compensation arrangements of the insurance intermediary industry, including our practices and arrangements, are subject to uncertainty due to investigations by various governmental authorities. certain of our offices are parties to profit-sharing contingent commission agreements with certain insurance companies, including agreements providing for potential payment of revenue-sharing commissions by insurance companies based primarily on the overall profitability of the aggregate business written with those insurance companies and/or additional factors such as retention ratios and the overall volume of business that an office or offices place with those insurance companies. additionally, to a lesser extent, some of our offices are parties to override commission agreements with certain insurance companies, which provide for commission rates in excess of standard commission rates to be applied to specific lines of business, such as group health business, and which are based primarily on the overall volume of business that such office or offices placed with those insurance companies. the legislatures of various states may adopt new laws addressing contingent commission arrangements, including laws prohibiting such arrangements, and addressing disclosure of such arrangements to insureds. various state departments of insurance may also adopt new regulations addressing these matters which could adversely affect our results of operations.
we conduct business in each of the fifty states of the united states of america and are subject to comprehensive regulation and supervision by government agencies in each of those states. the primary purpose of such regulation and supervision is to provide safeguards for policyholders rather than to protect the interests of our shareholders, and it is difficult to anticipate how changes in such regulation would be implemented and enforced. as a result, such regulation and supervision could reduce our profitability or growth by increasing compliance costs, technology compliance, restricting the products or services we may sell, the markets we may enter, the methods by which we may sell our products and services, or the prices we may charge for our services and the form of compensation we may accept from our customers, carriers and third parties. the laws of the various state jurisdictions establish supervisory agencies with broad administrative powers with respect to, among other things, licensing of entities to transact business, licensing of agents, admittance of assets, regulating premium rates, approving policy forms, regulating unfair trade and claims practices, determining technology and data protection requirements, establishing reserve requirements and solvency standards, requiring participation in guarantee funds and shared market mechanisms, and restricting payment of dividends. also, in response to perceived excessive cost or inadequacy of available insurance, states have from time to time created state insurance funds and assigned risk pools, which compete directly, on a subsidized basis, with private insurance providers. we act as agents and brokers for such state insurance funds and assigned risk pools in california and new york as well as certain other states. these state funds and pools could choose to reduce the sales or brokerage commissions we receive. any such reductions, in a state in which we have substantial operations could affect the profitability of our operations in such state, or cause us to change our marketing focus. further, state insurance regulators and the national association of insurance commissioners continually re-examine existing laws and regulations, and such re-examination may result in the enactment of insurance-related laws and regulations, or the issuance of interpretations thereof, that adversely affect our business. certain federal financial services modernization legislation could lead to additional federal regulation of the insurance industry in the coming years, which could result in increased expenses or restrictions on our operations. other legislative developments that could adversely affect us include: changes in our business compensation model as a result of regulatory developments (for example, the affordable care act); and federal and state governments establishing programs to provide health insurance or, in certain cases, property insurance in catastrophe-prone areas or other alternative market types of coverage, that compete with, or completely replace, insurance products offered by insurance carriers. also, as climate change issues become more prevalent, the u.s. and foreign governments are beginning to respond to these issues. this increasing governmental focus on climate change may result in new environmental regulations that may negatively affect us and our customers. this could cause us to incur additional direct costs in complying with any new environmental regulations, as well as increased indirect costs resulting from our customers incurring additional compliance costs that get passed on to us. these costs may adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition.
although we believe that we are in compliance in all material respects with applicable local, state and federal laws, rules and regulations, there can be no assurance that more restrictive laws, rules, regulations or interpretations thereof, will not be adopted in the future that could make compliance more difficult or expensive.
as of the date of the filing of our annual report on form 10-k for the 2018 fiscal year, we have $3,432.8 million of goodwill recorded on our consolidated balance sheet. we perform a goodwill impairment test on an annual basis and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of our goodwill may not be recoverable from estimated future cash flows. we completed our most recent evaluation of impairment for goodwill as of november 30, 2018 and determined that the fair value of goodwill exceeded the carrying value of such assets. a significant and sustained decline in our stock price and market capitalization, a significant decline in our expected future cash flows, a significant adverse change in the business climate or slower growth rates could result in the need to perform an additional impairment analysis prior to the next annual goodwill impairment test. if we were to conclude that a future write-down of our goodwill is necessary, we would then record the appropriate charge, which could result in material charges that are adverse to our operating results and financial position. see note 1-"summary of significant accounting policies" and note 4-"goodwill" to the consolidated financial statements and "management's report on internal control over financial reporting."
additionally, the carrying value of amortizable intangible assets attributable to each business or asset group comprising the company is periodically reviewed by management to determine if there are events or changes in circumstances that would indicate that its carrying amount may not be recoverable. accordingly, if there are any such circumstances that occur during the year, we assess the carrying value of our amortizable intangible assets by considering the estimated future undiscounted cash flows generated by the corresponding business or asset group. any impairment identified through this assessment may require that the carrying value of related amortizable intangible assets be adjusted; however, no impairments have been recorded for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016.
proposed tort reform legislation, if enacted, could decrease demand for liability insurance, thereby reducing our commission revenues.
legislation concerning tort reform has been considered, from time to time, in the united states congress and in several state legislatures. among the provisions considered in such legislation have been limitations on damage awards, including punitive damages, and various restrictions applicable to class action lawsuits. enactment of these or similar provisions by congress, or by states in which we sell insurance, could reduce the demand for liability insurance policies or lead to a decrease in policy limits of such policies sold, thereby reducing our commission revenues.
risks related to investing in our securities our credit ratings are subject to change.
our credit ratings are an assessment by rating agencies of our ability to pay our debts when due. consequently, real or anticipated changes in our credit ratings will generally affect the market value of our securities. agency ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold any security, and may be revised or withdrawn at any time by the issuing agency. each agency's rating should be evaluated independently of any other agency's rating.
we may experience volatility in our stock price that could affect your investment.
the market price of our common stock may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to various factors, including: quarterly fluctuations in our operating results; changes in securities analysts' estimates of our future earnings; changes in securities analysts' predictions regarding the short-term and long-term future of our industry; changes to the tax code; and our loss of significant customers or significant business developments relating to us or our competitors. our common stock's market price also may be affected by our ability to meet stock analysts' earnings and other expectations. any failure to meet such expectations, even if minor, could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. in addition, stock markets have generally experienced a high level of price and volume volatility, and the market prices of equity securities of many listed companies have experienced wide price fluctuations not necessarily related to the operating performance of such companies. these broad market fluctuations may adversely affect our common stock's market price. in the past, securities class action lawsuits frequently have been instituted against companies following periods of volatility in the market price of such companies' securities. if any such litigation is initiated against us, it could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management's attention and resources, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
general the following discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes to those financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. in addition, please see "information regarding non-gaap measures" below, regarding important information on non-gaap financial measures contained in our discussion and analysis.
we are a diversified insurance agency, wholesale brokerage, insurance programs and services organization headquartered in daytona beach, florida. as an insurance intermediary, our principal sources of revenue are commissions paid by insurance companies and, to a lesser extent, fees paid directly by customers. commission revenues generally represent a percentage of the premium paid by an insured and are affected by fluctuations in both premium rate levels charged by insurance companies and the insureds' underlying "insurable exposure units," which are units that insurance companies use to measure or express insurance exposed to risk (such as property values, or sales and payroll levels) to determine what premium to charge the insured. insurance companies establish these premium rates based upon many factors, including loss experience, risk profile and reinsurance rates paid by such insurance companies, none of which we control.
we have increased revenues every year from 1993 to 2018, with the exception of 2009, when our revenues dropped 1.0%. our revenues grew from $95.6 million in 1993 to $2.0 billion in 2018, reflecting a compound annual growth rate of 13.0%. in the same 25-year period, we increased net income from $8.1 million to $344.3 million in 2018, a compound annual growth rate of 16.2%.
the volume of business from new and existing customers, fluctuations in insurable exposure units, changes in premium rate levels, changes in general economic and competitive conditions, and the occurrence of catastrophic weather events all affect our revenues. for example, level rates of inflation or a general decline in economic activity could limit increases in the values of insurable exposure units. conversely, increasing costs of litigation settlements and awards could cause some customers to seek higher levels of insurance coverage. historically, our revenues have typically grown as a result of our focus on net new business growth and acquisitions. we foster a strong, decentralized sales and service culture with the goal of consistent, sustained growth over the long-term.
the term "organic revenue," a non-gaap measure, is our core commissions and fees less (i) the core commissions and fees earned for the first twelve months by newly-acquired operations, (ii) divested business (core commissions and fees generated from offices, books of business or niches sold or terminated during the comparable period), and (iii) the impact of the adoption of accounting standards update no. 2014-09, "revenue from contracts with customers (topic 606)" and accounting standards codification topic 340 - other assets and deferred cost (the "new revenue standard") effective january 1, 2018. the term "core commissions and fees" excludes profit-sharing contingent commissions and guaranteed supplemental commissions, and therefore represents the revenues earned directly from specific insurance policies sold, and specific fee-based services rendered. "organic revenue" is reported in this manner in order to express the current year's core commissions and fees on a comparable basis with the prior year's core commissions and fees. the resulting net change reflects the aggregate changes attributable to (i) net new and lost accounts, (ii) net changes in our customers' exposure units, (iii) net changes in insurance premium rates or the commission rate paid to us by our carrier partners, (iv) the net change in fees paid to us by our customers and (v) fees earned based upon claim processing volumes within our services segment. organic revenue is reported in "results of operations" and in "results of operations - segment information" of this form 10-k.
we also earn "profit-sharing contingent commissions," which are commissions based primarily on underwriting results, but which may also reflect considerations for volume, growth and/or retention. these commissions which are included in our commissions and fees in the consolidated statement of income, are accrued throughout the year based on actual premiums written and are primarily received in the first and second quarters of each year, based upon the aforementioned considerations for the prior year(s). prior to the adoption of the new revenue standard, these commissions were recorded to income when received. over the last three years, profit-sharing contingent commissions have averaged approximately 3.1% of the previous year's commissions and fees revenue.
certain insurance companies offer guaranteed fixed-base agreements, referred to as "guaranteed supplemental commissions" ("gscs") in lieu of profit-sharing contingent commissions. gscs are accrued throughout the year based upon actual premiums written. for the year ended december 31, 2018, we had earned $10.0 million of gscs, of which $8.9 million remained accrued at december 31, 2018 as most of this will be collected over the first and second quarters of 2019. for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017, and 2016, we earned $10.0 million, $10.4 million and $11.5 million, respectively, from gscs.
combined, our profit-sharing contingent commissions and gscs for the year ended december 31, 2018 increased by $3.3 million over 2017 primarily as a result of an increase in profit-sharing contingent commissions and gscs in the national programs segments. other income decreased by $20.8 million primarily as a result of a legal settlement recognized in the first quarter of 2017.
fee revenues primarily relate to services other than securing coverage for our customers, as well as fees negotiated in lieu of commissions, and are recognized as performance obligations are satisfied. fee revenues have historically been generated primarily by: (1) our services segment, which provides insurance-related services, including third-party claims administration and comprehensive medical utilization management services in both the workers' compensation and all-lines liability arenas, as well as medicare set-aside services, social security disability and medicare benefits advocacy services, and claims adjusting services; (2) our national programs and wholesale brokerage segments, which earn fees primarily for the issuance of insurance policies on behalf of insurance companies; and to a lesser extent
(3) our retail segment in our large-account customer base. fee revenues as a percentage of our total commissions and fees, represented 19.8% in 2018, 31.5% in 2017 and 31.3% in 2016.
for the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017, our commissions and fees growth rate was 8.2% and 5.4%, respectively, and our consolidated organic revenue growth rate was 2.4% and 4.4%, respectively. in the event that the gradual increases in insurable exposure units that occurred in the past few years continues through 2019 and premium rate changes are similar with 2018, we believe we will continue to see positive quarterly organic revenue growth rates in 2019.
historically, investment income has consisted primarily of interest earnings on operating cash and where permitted, on premiums and advance premiums collected and held in a fiduciary capacity before being remitted to insurance companies. our policy is to invest available funds in high-quality, short-term fixed income investment securities. investment income also includes gains and losses realized from the sale of investments. other income primarily reflects legal settlements and other miscellaneous income.
income before income taxes for the year ended december 31, 2018 increased over 2017 by $12.7 million, primarily as a result of net new business and acquisitions completed in the past twelve months offset by lower weather related claims processing revenues in 2018 and a legal settlement recorded in the first quarter of 2017.
information regarding non-gaap measures in the discussion and analysis of our results of operations, in addition to reporting financial results in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap"), we provide references to the following non-gaap financial measures as defined in regulation g of sec rules: organic revenue, organic revenue growth, ebitdac and ebitdac margin. we view these non-gaap financial measures as important indicators when assessing and evaluating our performance on a consolidated basis and for each of our segments because they allow us to determine a more comparable, but non-gaap, measurement of revenue growth and operating performance that is associated with the revenue sources that were a part of our business in both the current and prior year. we believe that organic revenue provides a meaningful representation of our operating performance and view organic revenue growth as an important indicator when assessing and evaluating the performance of our four segments. organic revenue can be expressed as a dollar amount or a percentage rate when describing organic revenue growth. we also use organic revenue growth and ebitdac margin for incentive compensation determinations for executive officers and other key employees. we view ebitdac and ebitdac margin as important indicators of operating performance, because they allow us to determine more comparable, but non-gaap, measurements of our operating margins in a meaningful and consistent manner by removing the significant non-cash items of depreciation, amortization and the change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables, and also interest expense and taxes, which are reflective of investment and financing activities, not operating performance.
these measures are not in accordance with, or an alternative to the gaap information provided in this annual report on form 10-k. we present such non-gaap supplemental financial information because we believe such information is of interest to the investment community and because we believe they provide additional meaningful methods of evaluating certain aspects of our operating performance from period to period on a basis that may not be otherwise apparent on a gaap basis. we believe these non-gaap financial measures improve the comparability of results between periods by eliminating the impact of certain items that have a high degree of variability. our industry peers may provide similar supplemental non-gaap information with respect to one or more of these measures, although they may not use the same or comparable terminology and may not make identical adjustments. this supplemental financial information should be considered in addition to, not in lieu of, our consolidated financial statements.
tabular reconciliations of this supplemental non-gaap financial information to our most comparable gaap information are contained in this annual report on form 10-k under "results of operation - segment information."
acquisitions part of our business strategy is to attract high-quality insurance intermediaries to join our operations. from 1993 through the fourth quarter of 2018, we acquired 513 insurance intermediary operations, excluding acquired books of business (customer accounts). during the year ended december 31, 2018, the company acquired the assets and assumed certain liabilities of twenty insurance intermediaries, all of the stock of three insurance intermediaries and one book of business (customer accounts). collectively, these acquired businesses had annualized revenues of approximately $323.2 million.
on november 15, 2018, we completed the acquisition of certain assets and assumption of certain liabilities of the hays group, inc. and certain of its affiliates (collectively, "hays"). at closing, we delivered a payment of $705 million, consisting of $605 million in cash and the issuance to certain key owners of hays of 3,376,103 shares of our common stock for a total value of $100.0 million. in addition, the company may pay additional consideration to hays in the form of earn-out payments in the aggregate amount of up to $25.0 million in cash over three years, which is subject to certain conditions and the successful achievement of average annual ebitda compound annual growth rate targets for the acquired business during 2019, 2020 and 2021. hays was founded in 1994 providing employee benefits, property & casualty, and personal lines insurance and has grown to be the 22nd largest u.s. broker as measured by business insurance magazine. with headquarters in minneapolis, hays operates across twenty-one states, increasing our presence in the mid-west. this transaction was initially funded through utilization of the company's revolving line of credit within our credit facility, details of which can be found in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition","results of operations" and note 9 "long-term debt" in the "notes to consolidated financial statements".
critical accounting policies our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap. the preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. we continually evaluate our estimates, which are based upon historical experience and on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. these estimates form the basis for our judgments about the carrying values of our assets and liabilities, of which values are not readily apparent from other sources. actual results may differ from these estimates.
we believe that of our significant accounting and reporting policies, the more critical policies include our accounting for revenue recognition, business combinations and purchase price allocations, intangible asset impairments, non-cash stock-based compensation and reserves for litigation. in particular, the accounting for these areas requires significant use of judgment to be made by management. different assumptions in the application of these policies could result in material changes in our consolidated financial position or consolidated results of operations. refer to note 1 "summary of significant accounting policies" in the "notes to consolidated financial statements" for a discussion of the impacts for adopting accounting standards update no. 2014-09, "revenue from contracts with customers (topic 606).
revenue recognition the majority of our revenue is commissions derived from our performance as agents and brokers, acting on behalf of insurance carriers to sell products to customers that are seeking to transfer risk, and conversely, acting on behalf of those customers in negotiating with insurance carriers seeking to acquire risk in exchange for premiums. in these arrangements our performance obligation is complete upon the effective date of the bound policy, as such that is when the associated revenue is recognized. where the company's performance obligations have been completed, but the final amount of compensation is unknown due to variable factors, we estimate the amount of such compensation. we recognize subsequent commission adjustments upon our receipt of additional information or final settlement, whichever occurs first.
to a lesser extent, the company earns revenues in the form of fees. like commissions, fees paid to us in lieu of commission, are recognized upon the effective date of the bound policy. when we are paid a fee for service, however, the associated revenue is recognized over a period of time that coincides with when the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefit of our work, which characterizes most of our claims processing arrangements and various services performed in our employee benefits practices. other fees are typically recognized upon the completion of the delivery of the agreed-upon services to the customer.
management determines a policy cancellation reserve based upon historical cancellation experience adjusted in accordance with known circumstances.
please see note 2 "revenues" in the "notes to consolidated financial statements" for additional information regarding the nature and timing of our revenues.
business combinations and purchase price allocations we have acquired significant intangible assets through acquisitions of businesses. these assets generally consist of purchased customer accounts, non-compete agreements, and the excess of purchase prices over the fair value of identifiable net assets acquired (goodwill). the determination of estimated useful lives and the allocation of purchase price to intangible assets requires significant judgment and affects the amount of future amortization and possible impairment charges.
all of our business combinations initiated after june 30, 2001 have been accounted for using the acquisition method. in connection with these acquisitions, we record the estimated value of the net tangible assets purchased and the value of the identifiable intangible assets purchased, which typically consist of purchased customer accounts and non-compete agreements. purchased customer accounts include the physical records and files obtained from acquired businesses that contain information about insurance policies, customers and other matters essential to policy renewals. however, they primarily represent the present value of the underlying cash flows expected to be received over the estimated future renewal periods of the insurance policies comprising those purchased customer accounts. the valuation of purchased customer accounts involves significant estimates and assumptions concerning matters such as cancellation frequency, expenses and discount rates. any change in these assumptions could affect the carrying value of purchased customer accounts. non-compete agreements are valued based upon their duration and any unique features of the particular agreements. purchased customer accounts and non-compete agreements are amortized on a straight-line basis over the related estimated lives and contract periods, which range from 3 to 15 years. the excess of the purchase price of an acquisition over the fair value of the identifiable tangible and intangible assets is assigned to goodwill and is not amortized.
acquisition purchase prices are typically based upon a multiple of average annual operating profit and/or core revenue earned over a one to three-year period within a minimum and maximum price range. the recorded purchase prices for all acquisitions include an estimation of the fair value of liabilities associated with any potential earn-out provisions, where an earn-out is part of the negotiated transaction. subsequent changes in the fair value of earn-out obligations are recorded in the consolidated statement of income when changes to the expected performance of the associated business are realized.
the fair value of earn-out obligations is based upon the present value of the expected future payments to be made to the sellers of the acquired businesses in accordance with the provisions contained in the respective purchase agreements. in determining fair value, the acquired business's future performance is estimated using financial projections developed by management for the acquired business, and this estimate reflects market participant assumptions regarding revenue growth and/or profitability. the expected future payments are estimated on the basis of the earn-out formula and performance targets specified in each purchase agreement compared to the associated financial projections. these estimates are then discounted to a present value using a risk-adjusted rate that takes into consideration the likelihood that the forecasted earn-out payments will be made.
intangible assets impairment goodwill is subject to at least an annual assessment for impairment measured by a fair-value-based test. amortizable intangible assets are amortized over their useful lives and are subject to an impairment review based upon an estimate of the undiscounted future cash flows resulting from the use of the assets. to determine if there is potential impairment of goodwill, we compare the fair value of each reporting unit with its carrying value. if the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value, an impairment loss would be recorded to the extent that the fair value of the goodwill within the reporting unit is less than its carrying value. fair value is estimated based upon multiples of earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation, amortization and change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables ("ebitdac"), or on a discounted cash flow basis.
management assesses the recoverability of our goodwill and our amortizable intangibles and other long-lived assets annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of such assets may not be recoverable. any of the following factors, if present, may trigger an impairment review: (i) a significant underperformance relative to historical or projected future operating results, (ii) a significant negative industry or economic trend, and (iii) a significant decline in our market capitalization. if the recoverability of these assets is unlikely because of the existence of one or more of the above-referenced factors, an impairment analysis is performed. management must make assumptions regarding estimated future cash flows and other factors to determine the fair value of these assets. if these estimates or related assumptions change in the future, we may be required to revise the assessment and, if appropriate, record an impairment charge. we completed our most recent evaluation of impairment for goodwill as of november 30, 2018 and determined that the fair value of goodwill exceeded the carrying value of such assets. additionally, there have been no impairments recorded for amortizable intangible assets for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016.
non-cash stock-based compensation we grant non-vested stock awards to our employees, with the related compensation expense recognized in the financial statements over the associated service period based upon the grant-date fair value of those awards.
during the first quarter of 2017, the performance conditions for 326,808 shares of the company's common stock granted under the company's stock incentive plan were determined by the compensation committee to have been satisfied relative to performance-based grants issued in 2012. these grants had a performance measurement period that concluded on december 31, 2016.  the vesting condition for these grants requires continuous employment for a period of up to ten years from the january 2012 grant date in order for the awarded shares to become fully vested and nonforfeitable.  as a result of the awarding of these shares, the grantees will be eligible to receive payments of dividends and exercise voting privileges after the awarding date, and the awarded shares will be included as issued and outstanding common stock shares and included in the calculation of basic and diluted net income per share where the net income attributable to unvested awarded stock plans is excluded from the total net income attributable to common shares.
during the first quarter of 2018, the performance conditions for 260,344 shares of the company's common stock granted under the company's stock incentive plan were determined by the compensation committee to have been satisfied relative to performance-based grants issued in 2013. these grants had a performance measurement period that concluded on december 31, 2017.  the vesting condition for these grants requires continuous employment for a period of up to ten years from the january 2013 grant date in order for the awarded shares to become fully vested and nonforfeitable.  during the third quarter of 2018, the performance conditions for 2,229,561 shares of the company's common stock granted under the company's stock incentive plan were determined by the compensation committee to have been satisfied relative to performance-based grants issued in july 2013. these grants had a performance measurement period that concluded on june 30, 2018.  the vesting condition for these grants requires continuous employment for a period of up to seven years from the july 2013 grant date in order for the awarded shares to become fully vested and nonforfeitable. as a result of the awarding of these shares, the grantees will be eligible to receive payments of dividends and exercise voting privileges after the awarding date, and the awarded shares will be included as issued and outstanding common stock shares and included in the calculation of basic and in diluted net income per share where the net income attributable to unvested awarded stock plans is excluded from the total net income attributable to common shares.
during the first quarter of 2019, the performance conditions for approximately 2.0 million shares of the company's common stock granted under the company's stock incentive plan were determined by the compensation committee to have been satisfied relative to performance-based grants issued in 2014 and 2016. these grants had a performance measurement period that concluded on december 31, 2018.  the vesting condition for these grants requires continuous employment for a period of up to seven years from the 2014 grant date and five years from the 2016 grant date in order for the awarded shares to become fully vested and nonforfeitable.  as a result of the awarding of these shares, the grantees will be eligible to receive payments of dividends and exercise voting privileges after the awarding date, and the awarded shares will be included as issued and outstanding common stock shares and included in the calculation of basic and diluted net income per share.
litigation and claims we are subject to numerous litigation claims that arise in the ordinary course of business. if it is probable that a liability has been incurred at the date of the financial statements and the amount of the loss is estimable, an accrual for the costs to resolve these claims is recorded in accrued expenses in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. professional fees related to these claims are included in other operating expenses in the accompanying consolidated statement of income as incurred. management, with the assistance of in-house and outside counsel, determines whether it is probable that a liability has been incurred and estimates the amount of loss based upon analysis of individual issues. new developments or changes in settlement strategy in dealing with these matters may significantly affect the required reserves and affect our net income.
results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016
the following discussion and analysis regarding results of operations and liquidity and capital resources should be considered in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements and related notes.
financial information relating to our consolidated financial results is as follows:
(in thousands, except percentages)                                           2018            %change                    2017            %change                    2016
profit-sharing contingent commissions                                  55,875              7.1     %              52,186             (3.4    )%              54,000
investment income                                                       2,746             68.9     %               1,626             11.7     %               1,456
expenses employee compensation and benefits                                  1,068,914              7.5     %             994,652              7.5     %             925,217
change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables                       2,969            (67.7    )%               9,200              0.2     %               9,185
income before income taxes                                            462,462              2.8     %             449,722              6.2     %             423,499
income before income taxes margin                                        23.0   %                                   23.9   %                                   24.0   %
ebitdac (1)                                                           615,389              1.7     %             605,382              4.4     %             579,831
ebitdac margin (1)                                                       30.6   %                                   32.2   %                                   32.8   %
employee compensation and benefits relative to total revenues            53.1   %                                   52.9   %                                   52.4   %
capital expenditures                                                  $41,520             71.6     %             $24,192             36.2     %             $17,765
total assets at december 31                                        $6,688,668             16.4     %          $5,747,550              9.2     %          $5,262,734
(1) a non-gaap measure nmf = not a meaningful figure commissions and fees commissions and fees, including profit-sharing contingent commissions and gscs for 2018, increased $152.6 million to $2,009.9 million, or 8.2% over 2017. core commissions and fees in 2018 increased $149.3 million, of which $91.2 million represented core commissions and fees from acquisitions that had no comparable revenues in 2017; approximately $43.5 million represented net new and renewal business; approximately $16.1 million related to the impact of the adoption of the new revenue standard; which was offset by $1.5 million related to commissions and fees revenue from businesses divested in 2017 and 2018, which reflected an organic revenue growth rate of 2.4%. profit-sharing contingent commissions and gscs for 2018 increased by $3.3 million, or 5.2%, compared to the same period in 2017. the net increase of $3.3 million was mainly driven by an increase in profit-sharing contingent commissions and gscs in the national programs segment.
commissions and fees, including profit-sharing contingent commissions and gscs for 2017, increased $94.5 million to $1,857.3 million, or 5.4% over 2016. core commissions and fees in 2017 increased $97.4 million, of which approximately $27.7 million represented core commissions and fees from agencies acquired since 2016 that had no comparable revenues. after accounting for divested business of $4.9 million, the remaining net increase of $74.6 million represented net new business, which reflected an organic revenue growth rate of 4.4% for core commissions and fees. profit-sharing contingent commissions and gscs for 2017 decreased by $2.9 million, or 4.5%, compared to the same period in 2016. the net decrease of $2.9 million was mainly driven by a decrease in profit-sharing contingent commissions and gscs in the retail and wholesale brokerage segments, as a result of increased loss ratios and lower premium rates, which was partially offset by an increase in profit-sharing contingent commissions and gscs in the national programs segment.
investment income investment income increased to $2.7 million in 2018, compared with $1.6 million in 2017 and increased to $1.6 million in 2017, compared with $1.5 million in 2016. the increases in both years were due to additional interest income driven by higher interest rates and cash management activities to earn a higher yield on excess cash balances.
other income, net other income for 2018 was $1.6 million, compared with $22.4 million in 2017 and $2.4 million in 2016. other income consists primarily of legal settlements and other miscellaneous income. in 2017, $20.0 million of other income was recognized as a result of a legal settlement with assuredpartners.
employee compensation and benefits employee compensation and benefits expense increased 7.5%, or $74.3 million, in 2018 over 2017. this increase included $34.8 million of compensation costs related to stand-alone acquisitions that had no comparable costs in the same period of 2017. therefore, employee compensation and benefits expense attributable to those offices that existed in the same time periods of 2018 and 2017 increased by $39.5 million or 3.9%. this underlying employee compensation and benefits expense increase was primarily related to (i) an increase in staff salaries attributable to salary inflation, higher volumes in portions of our business and the mix of business across the company; (ii) increased producer commissions due to higher revenue; partially offset by (iii) a decrease of approximately $8.8 million in commission expense as a result of the adoption of the new revenue standard which requires the deferral of incremental costs to obtain a customer contract, and (iv) the increase in the value of corporate-owned life insurance policies associated with our deferred compensation plan which is substantially offset in other operating expenses. employee compensation and benefits expense as a percentage of total revenues was 53.1% for 2018 as compared to 52.9% for the year ended december 31, 2017.
employee compensation and benefits expense increased 7.5%, or $69.4 million, in 2017 over 2016. this increase included $11.1 million of compensation costs related to stand-alone acquisitions that had no comparable costs in the same period of 2016. therefore, employee compensation and benefits expense attributable to those offices that existed in the same time periods of 2017 and 2016 increased by $58.3 million or 6.4%. this underlying employee compensation and benefits expense increase was primarily related to (i) higher bonuses due to increased revenue and operating profit as well as the additional cost associated with the retail segment's performance incentive plan introduced in 2017, (ii) an increase in producer commissions driven by new and renewed business, (iii) an increase in non-cash stock-based compensation expense due to forfeiture credits recognized in 2016, and (iv) increased staff salaries attributable to salary inflation and higher volumes in portions of our business. employee compensation and benefits expense as a percentage of total revenues was 52.9% for 2017 as compared to 52.4% for the year ended december 31, 2016.
other operating expenses other operating expenses in 2018 increased 17.2%, or $48.6 million, over 2017, of which $14.0 million was related to acquisitions that had no comparable costs in the same period of 2017. the other operating expenses for those offices that existed in the same periods in both 2018 and 2017 increased by $34.7 million or 6.6%, which was primarily attributable to (i) additional expenses associated with our investment in information technology and higher value-added consulting services; (ii) an increase of approximately $10.5 million for costs that had previously been reported on a net basis as contra-revenue prior to the adoption of the new revenue standard ; (iii) the increase in the value of corporate-owned life insurance policies associated with our deferred compensation plan which was substantially offset by employee compensation and benefits and partially offset by (iv) the benefits from our strategic purchasing program. other operating expenses as a percentage of total revenues was 16.5% in 2018 as compared to 15.1% for the year ended december 31, 2017.
other operating expenses in 2017 increased 7.8%, or $20.6 million, over 2016, of which $3.3 million was related to acquisitions that had no comparable costs in the same period of 2016. the other operating expenses for those offices that existed in the same periods in both 2017 and 2016, increased by $17.3 million or 6.6%, which was primarily attributable to (i) higher data processing costs related to our multi-year technology investment program, (ii) the receipt of certain premium tax refunds by our national flood program business in 2016, and (iii) professional fees at our national programs division. other operating expenses as a percentage of total revenues was 15.1% in 2017 and 14.9% in 2016.
gain or loss on disposal the company recognized gains on disposal of $2.2 million in 2018 and 2017 and $1.3 million in 2016. the change in the gain on disposal was due to activity associated with book of business sales. although we are not in the business of selling customer accounts, we periodically sell an office or a book of business (one or more customer accounts) that we believe does not produce reasonable margins or demonstrate a potential for growth, or because doing so is in the company's best interest.
amortization amortization expense increased $1.1 million, or 1.3%, in 2018, and decreased $1.2 million, or 1.4%, in 2017. the increase in 2018 is a result of the addition of intangibles associated with newly acquired businesses and the decrease in 2017 is a result of certain intangibles becoming fully amortized or otherwise written off as part of disposed businesses, which was partially offset by the amortization of new intangibles from recently acquired businesses.
depreciation depreciation expense increased $0.1 million, or 0.6%, in 2018, and increased $1.7 million, or 8.1% in 2017 as compared to 2016. these increases are due primarily to the addition of fixed assets resulting from capital projects related to our multi-year technology investment program and other business initiatives.
interest expense interest expense increased $2.3 million, or 5.9%, in 2018 from 2017, and decreased $1.2 million, or 3.0% in 2017 from 2016. the increase in 2018 was due primarily to the additional debt added in the fourth quarter with increased payments for newly acquired businesses, as well as increased interest rate exposure on the company's floating rate notes. the decrease in 2017 was due primarily to having less total debt outstanding.
change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables accounting standards codification ("asc") topic 805-business combinations is the authoritative guidance requiring an acquirer to recognize 100% of the fair value of acquired assets, including goodwill, and assumed liabilities (with only limited exceptions) upon initially obtaining control of an acquired entity. additionally, the fair value of contingent consideration arrangements (such as earn-out purchase price arrangements) at the acquisition date must be included in the purchase price consideration. as a result, the recorded purchase prices for all acquisitions consummated after january 1, 2009 include an estimation of the fair value of liabilities associated with any potential earn-out provisions. subsequent changes in these earn-out obligations are required to be recorded in the consolidated statement of income when incurred or reasonably estimated. estimations of potential earn-out obligations are typically based upon future earnings of the acquired operations or entities, usually for periods ranging from one to three years.
the net charge or credit to the consolidated statement of income for the period is the combination of the net change in the estimated acquisition earn-out payables balance, and the interest expense imputed on the outstanding balance of the estimated acquisition earn-out payables.
as of december 31, 2018, the fair values of the estimated acquisition earn-out payables were re-evaluated and measured at fair value on a recurring basis using unobservable inputs (level 3) as defined in asc 820-fair value measurement. the resulting net changes, as well as the interest expense accretion on the estimated acquisition earn-out payables, for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 were as follows:
change in fair value of estimated acquisition earn-out payables            $603              $6,874              $6,338
net change in earnings from estimated acquisition earn-out payables      $2,969              $9,200              $9,185
for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, the fair value of estimated earn-out payables was re-evaluated and increased by $0.6 million, $6.9 million and $6.3 million, respectively, which resulted in charges to the consolidated statement of income.
as of december 31, 2018, the estimated acquisition earn-out payables equaled $89.9 million, of which $21.1 million was recorded as accounts payable and $68.8 million was recorded as other non-current liability. as of december 31, 2017, the estimated acquisition earn-out payables equaled $36.2 million, of which $25.1 million was recorded as accounts payable and $11.1 million was recorded as other non-current liability.
income taxes the effective tax rate on income from operations was 25.6% in 2018, 11.1% in 2017, and 39.2% in 2016. the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 (the "tax reform act") makes changes to the u.s. tax code that affected our income tax rate in 2017 and 2018. the tax reform act reduces the u.s. federal corporate income tax rate from 35.0% to 21.0% and requires companies to pay a one-time transition tax on certain unrepatriated earnings from foreign subsidiaries that is payable over eight years. the tax reform act also establishes new tax laws that became effective january 1, 2018. the 2018 effective tax rate reflects the reduction in the federal corporate income tax rate. the 2017 effective tax rate reflects the revaluation of deferred tax liabilities as described in part ii, note 10 "income taxes," in addition to adoption of fasb accounting standards update 2016-09, "improvements to employee share based payment accounting" ("asu 2016-09") in the first quarter of 2017. asu 2016-09, which requires upon vesting of stock-based compensation, any tax implications be treated as a discrete credit to the income tax expense in the quarter of vesting, amends guidance issued in asc topic 718, compensation - stock compensation.
results of operations - segment information as discussed in note 16 "segment information" of the notes to consolidated financial statements, we operate four reportable segments: retail, national programs, wholesale brokerage and services. on a segmented basis, changes in amortization, depreciation and interest expenses generally result from activity associated with acquisitions. likewise, other income in each segment reflects net gains primarily from legal settlements and miscellaneous income. as such, in evaluating the operational efficiency of a segment, management focuses on the organic revenue growth rate of core commissions and fees, the ratio of total employee compensation and benefits to total revenues, and the ratio of other operating expenses to total revenues.
the reconciliation of total commissions and fees, included in the consolidated statement of income, to organic revenue for the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017 is as follows:
profit-sharing contingent commissions                            (55,875     )               (52,186     )
acquisition revenues                                             (91,177     )                     -
divested businesses                                                    -                      (1,490     )
the reconciliation of total commissions and fees to organic revenue for the year ended december 31, 2018, by segment, are as follows:
total change                                  $98,535                                     $14,861                                        $15,223                                        $23,968                                      $152,587
profit-sharing contingent commissions         (24,517   )           (23,377   )           (23,896    )            (20,123    )            (7,462    )             (8,686    )                 -           -                           (55,875   )             (52,186   )
acquisition revenues                          (73,405   )                 -                (7,289    )                  -                 (2,514    )                  -                 (7,969   )       -                           (91,177   )                   -
divested business                                   -                (1,270   )                 -                    (114    )                 -                    (106    )                 -           -                                 -                  (1,490   )
(1)   the retail segment includes commissions and fees reported in the "other" column of the segment information in note 16 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements, which includes corporate and consolidation items.
(2)   a non-gaap financial measure.
the reconciliation of total commissions and fees, included in the consolidated statement of income, to organic revenue for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, is as follows:
profit-sharing contingent commissions         (52,186     )               (54,000     )
acquisition revenues                          (27,739     )                     -
divested businesses                                 -                      (4,912     )
the reconciliation of total commissions and fees to organic revenue for the year ended december 31, 2017, by segment, are as follows:
total change                                $25,955                                     $31,209                                        $28,328                                         $8,991                                       $94,483
profit-sharing contingent commissions       (23,377   )           (25,207   )           (20,123    )            (17,306    )            (8,686    )            (11,487    )                 -                     -                 (52,186   )             (54,000   )
acquisition revenues                         (8,151   )                 -                (2,296    )                  -                (16,442    )                  -                   (850   )                 -                 (27,739   )                   -
divested business                                 -                (4,838   )                 -                    (277    )                 -                       -                      -                   203                       -                  (4,912   )
(1)   the retail segment includes commissions and fees reported in the "other" column of the segment information in note 16 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements, which includes corporate and consolidation items.
(2)   a non-gaap financial measure.
the reconciliation of total commissions and fees, included in the consolidated statement of income, to organic revenue for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, is as follows:
profit-sharing contingent commissions         (54,000     )               (51,707     )
acquisition revenues                          (61,713     )                     -
divested businesses                                 -                      (6,669     )
the reconciliation of total commissions and fees to organic revenue for the year ended december 31, 2016, by segment, are as follows:
total change                                $49,619                                     $19,335                                        $26,175                                        $10,707                                      $105,836
profit-sharing contingent commissions       (25,207   )           (22,051   )           (17,306    )            (15,558    )           (11,487    )            (14,098    )                 -                     -                 (54,000   )             (51,707   )
acquisition revenues                        (31,151   )                 -                (1,680    )                  -                (20,164    )                  -                 (8,718   )                 -                 (61,713   )                   -
divested business                                 -                (1,926   )                 -                  (1,296    )                 -                       -                      -                (3,447   )                   -                  (6,669   )
(1)   the retail segment includes commissions and fees reported in the "other" column of the segment information in note 16 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements, which includes corporate and consolidation items.
(2)   a non-gaap financial measure.
the reconciliation of income before incomes taxes, included in the consolidated statement of income, to ebitdac, a non-gaap measure, and income before income taxes margin to ebitdac margin, a non-gaap measure, for the year ended december 31, 2018, is as follows:
(in thousands)                                                retail           national programs            wholesale brokerage             services   other                         total income before income taxes                             $217,845                 $117,375                       $70,171                  $34,508        $22,563                $462,462
income before income taxes margin                          20.9    %                23.7       %                  24.4        %            18.2    %   nmf                        23.0   %
change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables         1,081                      875                           815                      198        -                         2,969
ebitdac                                                $304,570                 $175,871                       $89,259                  $43,946        $1,743                 $615,389
ebitdac margin                                             29.2    %                35.6       %                  31.1        %            23.2    %   nmf                        30.6   %
the reconciliation of income before incomes taxes, included in the consolidated statement of income, to ebitdac, a non-gaap measure, and income before income taxes margin to ebitdac margin, a non-gaap measure, for the year ended december 31, 2017, is as follows:
(in thousands)                                                retail           national programs            wholesale brokerage             services              other                 total income before income taxes                             $196,616                 $109,961                       $68,844                  $30,498             $43,803              $449,722
income before income taxes margin                          20.8    %                22.9       %                  25.3        %            18.4    %            nmf                  23.9   %
change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables         8,087                      786                           327                        -                   -                 9,200
ebitdac                                                $283,210                 $179,910                       $88,775                  $40,168             $13,319              $605,382
ebitdac margin                                             30.0    %                37.5       %                  32.7        %            24.3    %            nmf                  32.2   %
nmf = not a meaningful figure the reconciliation of income before incomes taxes, included in the consolidated statement of income, to ebitdac, a non-gaap measure, and income before income taxes margin to ebitdac margin, a non-gaap measure, for the year ended december 31, 2016, is as follows:
(in thousands)                                                retail           national programs            wholesale brokerage             services              other                 total income before income taxes                             $188,001                  $91,762                       $62,623                  $24,338             $56,775              $423,499
income before income taxes margin                          20.5    %                20.5       %                  25.8        %            15.6    %            nmf                  24.0   %
change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables        10,253                      207                          (274        )          (1,001    )              -                 9,185
ebitdac                                                $286,108                 $173,495                       $79,101                  $34,653              $6,474              $579,831
ebitdac margin                                             31.2    %                38.7       %                  32.5        %            22.2    %            nmf                  32.8   %
retail segment the retail segment provides a broad range of insurance products and services to commercial, public and quasi-public, professional and individual insured customers. approximately 85.9% of the retail segment's commissions and fees revenue is commission based. because most of our other operating expenses are not correlated to changes in commissions on insurance premiums, a significant portion of any fluctuation in the commissions we receive, net of related producer compensation and cost to fulfill expense deferrals and releases as required by the new revenue standard, will result in a similar fluctuation in our income before income taxes, unless we make incremental investments or modifications to the costs in the organization.
financial information relating to our retail segment is as follows:
(in thousands, except percentages)                                           2018            % change                    2017            % change                    2016
profit-sharing contingent commissions                                  24,517              4.9      %              23,377             (7.3     )%              25,207
investment income                                                           2            (75.0     )%                   8            (78.4     )%                  37
expenses employee compensation and benefits                                    570,222             10.6      %             515,477              6.0      %             486,303
change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables                       1,081            (86.6     )%               8,087            (21.1     )%              10,253
income before income taxes                                           $217,845             10.8      %            $196,616              4.6      %            $188,001
income before income taxes margin (1)                                    20.9   %                                    20.8   %                                    20.5   %
ebitdac (1)                                                           304,570              7.5      %             283,210             (1.0     )%             286,108
ebitdac margin (1)                                                       29.2   %                                    30.0   %                                    31.2   %
employee compensation and benefits relative to total revenues            54.7   %                                    54.6   %                                    53.0   %
capital expenditures                                                   $6,858             52.6      %              $4,494            (24.5     )%              $5,951
total assets at december 31                                        $5,850,045             37.5      %          $4,255,515             10.4      %          $3,854,393
(1) a non-gaap measure nmf = not a meaningful figure the retail segment's total revenues in 2018 increased 10.5%, or $99.3 million, over the same period in 2017, to $1,042.8 million. the $98.9 million increase in core commissions and fees was driven by the following: (i) approximately $73.4 million related to the core commissions and fees from acquisitions that had no comparable revenues in the same period of 2017; (ii) $28.1 million related to net new and renewal business; offset by (iii) $1.3 million related to the impact of adopting the new revenue standard; and (iv) a decrease of $1.3 million related to commissions and fees from businesses divested in 2017 and 2018. profit-sharing contingent commissions and gscs in 2018 increased 1.7%, or $0.6 million, over 2017, to $33.1 million. the retail segment's growth rate for total commissions and fees was 10.6% and the organic revenue growth rate was 3.0% for 2018. the organic revenue growth rate was driven by increased new business and higher retention across most lines of business the preceding twelve months.
income before income taxes for 2018 increased 10.8%, or $21.2 million, over the same period in 2017, to $217.8 million. the primary factors affecting this increase were: (i) the net increase in revenue as described above, (ii) offset by a 10.6%, or $54.7 million, increase in employee compensation and benefits, due primarily to the year-on-year impact of salary inflation and additional teammates to support revenue growth, (iii) operating expenses which increased by increased by $22.0 million, or 15.0%, primarily due to our multi-year technology investment program and increased professional services to support our customers; (iv) a combined increase in amortization, depreciation and intercompany interest expense of $7.2 million resulting from our acquisition activity over the past twelve months; offset by (v) a reduction in the change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables of $7.0 million, or 86.6%, to $1.1 million.
ebitdac for 2018 increased 7.5%, or $21.4 million, from the same period in 2017, to $304.6 million. ebitdac margin for 2018 decreased to 29.2% from 30.0% in the same period in 2017. ebitdac margin was impacted by the net increase in revenue as described above, including the new revenue standard, which impacted the ebitdac margin by approximately 90 basis points.
the retail segment's total revenues in 2017 increased 2.8%, or $26.1 million, over the same period in 2016, to $943.5 million. the $28.0 million increase in core commissions and fees was driven by the following: (i) $24.6 million related to net new business; (ii) approximately $8.2 million related to the core commissions and fees from acquisitions that had no comparable revenues in the same period of 2016; and (iii) an offsetting decrease of $4.8 million related to commissions and fees from businesses divested in 2016 and 2017. profit-sharing contingent commissions and gscs in 2017 decreased 7.2%, or $2.5 million, over 2016, to $32.5 million. the retail segment's growth rate for total commissions and fees was 2.8%, and the organic revenue growth rate was 2.9% for 2017. the organic revenue growth rate was driven by increased new business and higher retention during the preceding twelve months, along with continued increases in commercial auto and employee benefits rates and underlying exposure unit values that drive insurance premiums.
income before income taxes for 2017 increased 4.6%, or $8.6 million, over the same period in 2016, to $196.6 million. the primary factors affecting this increase were: (i) the net increase in revenue as described above, which was offset by (ii) a 6.0%, or $29.2 million, increase in employee compensation and benefits, due primarily to the year-on-year impact of salary inflation, additional teammates to support revenue growth and the incremental investment in our performance incentive plan, (iii) an increase in operating expenses by $0.8 million, or 0.5%, primarily due to our multi-year technology investment program and increased value-added consulting services to support our customers; offset by (iv) a reduction in the change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables of $2.2 million, or 21.1%, to $8.1 million, and (v) a combined decrease in amortization, depreciation and intercompany interest expense of $9.3 million.
ebitdac for 2017 decreased 1.0%, or $2.9 million, from the same period in 2016, to $283.2 million. ebitdac margin for 2017 decreased to 30.0% from 31.2% in the same period in 2016. ebitdac margin was impacted by the factors impacting employee compensation and benefits as well as other operating expenses described above, partially offset by the net increase in revenue as described above.
national programs segment the national programs segment manages over 40 programs supported by approximately one hundred well-capitalized carrier partners. in most cases, the insurance carriers that support the programs have delegated underwriting and, in many instances, claims-handling authority to our programs operations. these programs are generally distributed through a nationwide network of independent agents and brown & brown retail agents, and offer targeted products and services designed for specific industries, trade groups, professions, public entities and market niches. the national programs segment operations can be grouped into five broad categories: professional programs, personal lines programs, commercial programs, public entity-related programs and the national flood program. the national programs segment's revenue is primarily commission based.
financial information relating to our national programs segment is as follows:
(in thousands, except percentages)                                            2018            % change                    2017            % change                    2016
profit-sharing contingent commissions                                  23,896              18.7   %                 20,123             16.3      %              17,306
investment income                                                         506              31.8   %                    384            (38.9     )%                 628
expenses employee compensation and benefits                                    219,166               8.6   %                201,816              5.6      %             191,199
change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables                         875              11.3   %                    786              nmf                        207
income before income taxes                                           $117,375               6.7   %               $109,961             19.8      %             $91,762
income before income taxes margin (1)                                    23.7    %                                    22.9   %                                    20.5   %
ebitdac (1)                                                           175,871              (2.2   )%               179,910              3.7      %             173,495
ebitdac margin (1)                                                       35.6    %                                    37.5   %                                    38.7   %
employee compensation and benefits relative to total revenues            44.3    %                                    42.1   %                                    42.6   %
capital expenditures                                                  $12,391             108.7   %                 $5,936            (14.9     )%              $6,977
total assets at december 31                                        $2,940,097             (10.0   )%            $3,267,486             20.5      %          $2,711,378
(1) a non-gaap measure nmf = not a meaningful figure the national programs segment's total revenues in 2018 increased 3.1%, or $14.7 million, over 2017, to a total $494.5 million. the $11.0 million increase in core commissions and fees was driven by the following: (i) $7.9 million related to the impact of adopting the new revenue standard; (ii) an increase of approximately $7.3 million related to core commissions and fees from acquisitions that had no comparable revenues in 2017; which was offset by (iii) $4.1 million related to net new and renewal business, which was impacted by lower weather related claims revenue as compared to the prior year; and (iv) a decrease of $0.1 million related to commissions and fees recorded in 2017 from businesses since divested. profit-sharing contingent commissions and gscs were $24.0 million in 2018, which was an increase of $3.8 million over 2017, which was primarily driven by the improved loss experience of our carrier partners.
the national programs segment's growth rate for total commissions and fees was 3.1% and the organic revenue growth rate was (0.9)% for 2018. the total commissions and fees growth was mainly due to recognizing a full year of revenues for our core commercial program, new acquisitions, strong growth in our earthquake programs, increased profit-sharing contingent commissions and a non-recurring adjustment of approximately $8.0 million relating to the new revenue standard with an offset for the lower weather-related claims revenue. the organic revenue growth rate decline was driven substantially by lower flood claims revenue as compared to the prior year.
income before income taxes for 2018 increased 6.7%, or $7.4 million, from the same period in 2017, to $117.4 million. the increase was the result of a lower intercompany interest charge of $9.4 million, growth in a number of our programs, and was offset by the investment in our core commercial program, and lower weather-related claims revenue.
ebitdac for 2018 decreased 2.2%, or $4.0 million, from the same period in 2017, to $175.9 million. ebitdac margin for 2018 decreased to 35.6% from 37.5% in the same period in 2017. the decrease in ebitdac margin was related to (i) increased employee compensation and benefits primarily driven by the investment in our core commercial program; (ii) a decrease in weather-related claims revenue compared to the prior year which has a margin higher than the average margin of the national programs segment; partially offset by (iii) the total revenue growth.
the national programs segment's total revenues in 2017 increased 7.0%, or $31.3 million, over 2016, to a total of $479.8 million. the $28.4 million increase in core commissions and fees was driven by the following: (i) $26.4 million related to net new business; (ii) an increase of approximately $2.3 million related to core commissions and fees from acquisitions that had no comparable revenues in 2016; and which was offset by (iii) a decrease of $0.3 million related to commissions and fees recorded in 2016 from businesses since divested. profit-sharing contingent commissions and gscs were $20.2 million in 2017, which was an increase of $2.8 million over 2016, which was primarily driven by the improved loss experience of our carrier partners.
the national programs segment's growth rate for total commissions and fees was 7.0% and the organic revenue growth rate was 6.1% for 2017. this organic revenue growth rate was mainly due to increased flood claims revenues and our new core commercial program with qbe. growth in these businesses was partially offset by certain programs that have been affected by certain carriers changing their risk appetite for new or existing programs or lower premium rates for certain lines of business.
income before income taxes for 2017 increased 19.8%, or $18.2 million, from the same period in 2016, to $110.0 million. the increase was the result of a lower intercompany interest charge of $10.2 million, along with leveraging revenue growth of $31.3 million.
ebitdac for 2017 increased 3.7%, or $6.4 million, from the same period in 2016, to $179.9 million. ebitdac margin for 2017 decreased to 37.5% from 38.7% in the same period in 2016. the decrease in ebitdac margin was related to (i) the investment in our new core commercial program; which was partially offset by (ii) increased flood claims processing revenue which has a higher than average margin.
wholesale brokerage segment the wholesale brokerage segment markets and sells excess and surplus commercial and personal lines insurance, primarily through independent agents and brokers, including brown & brown retail agents. like the retail and national programs segments, the wholesale brokerage segment's revenues are primarily commission based.
financial information relating to our wholesale brokerage segment is as follows:
(in thousands, except percentages)                                           2018            % change                    2017             % change                    2016
profit-sharing contingent commissions                                   7,462            (14.1     )%               8,686             (24.4     )%              11,487
investment income                                                         165                -      %                   -            (100.0     )%                   4
expenses employee compensation and benefits                                    147,571              6.7      %             138,297              13.5      %             121,863
change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables                         815              nmf                        327               nmf                       (274   )
income before income taxes                                            $70,171              1.9      %             $68,844               9.9      %             $62,623
income before income taxes margin (1)                                    24.4   %                                    25.3   %                                     25.8   %
ebitdac (1)                                                            89,259              0.5      %              88,775              12.2      %              79,101
ebitdac margin (1)                                                       31.1   %                                    32.7   %                                     32.5   %
employee compensation and benefits relative to total revenues            51.4   %                                    50.9   %                                     50.1   %
capital expenditures                                                   $2,518             37.1      %              $1,836              41.1      %              $1,301
total assets at december 31                                        $1,283,877              1.9      %          $1,260,239              13.7      %          $1,108,829
(1) a non-gaap measure nmf = not a meaningful figure the wholesale brokerage segment's total revenues for 2018 increased 5.6%, or $15.3 million, over 2017, to $287.0 million. the $16.3 million increase in core commissions and fees was driven by the following: (i) $14.9 million related to net new and renewal business; (ii) $2.5 million related to the core commissions and fees from acquisitions that had no comparable revenues in 2017; which was offset by (iii) a decrease of $0.9 million related to the impact of adopting the new revenue standard; and (iv) a decrease of $0.1 million related to commissions and fees recorded in 2017 from businesses since divested. profit-sharing contingent commissions and gscs for 2018 decreased $1.1 million over 2017, to $8.8 million. this decrease was driven by higher loss ratios experienced for several carriers due to losses associated with 2017 weather-related events. the wholesale brokerage segment's growth rate for total commissions and fees was 5.6%, and the organic revenue growth rate was 5.7% for 2018. the organic revenue growth rate was driven by net new business and modest increases in exposure units that were partially offset by slightly decreasing rates.
income before income taxes for 2018 increased 1.9%, or $1.3 million, over 2017, to $70.2 million, primarily due to the following: (i) the net increase in revenue as described above, which was offset by (ii) an increase in employee compensation and benefits of $9.3 million, related to additional teammates to support increased transaction volumes, compensation increases for existing teammates, and additional non-cash stock-based compensation expense; (iii) a decrease in profit from lower profit-sharing contingent commissions and gscs; and (iv) a net $5.5
million increase in operating expenses, primarily related to intercompany technology charges that had no comparable expenses in the same period of 2017.
ebitdac for 2018 increased 0.5%, or $0.5 million, from the same period in 2017, to $89.3 million. ebitdac margin for 2018 decreased to 31.1% from 32.7% in the same period in 2017. the decrease in ebitdac margin was primarily driven by the net decrease in profit-sharing contingent commissions as described above and to a lesser extent the intercompany technology charges and increased non-cash stock-based compensation costs, which more than offset margin expansion from leveraging of organic revenue growth.
the wholesale brokerage segment's total revenues for 2017 increased 11.8%, or $28.6 million, over 2016, to $271.7 million. the $31.6 million net increase in core commissions and fees was driven by the following: (i) $16.5 million related to the core commissions and fees from acquisitions that had no comparable revenues in 2016; and (ii) $15.1 million related to net new business. profit-sharing contingent commissions and gscs for 2017 decreased $3.2 million over 2016, to $9.9 million. this decrease was driven by higher loss ratios experienced for several carriers, and partially offset by profit-sharing contingent commissions received from acquisitions that had no comparable profit-sharing contingent commissions in 2016. the wholesale brokerage segment's growth rate for total commissions and fees was 11.7%, and the organic revenue growth rate was 6.6% for 2017, which were driven by net new business and modest increases in exposure units that were partially offset by significant contraction in insurance premium rates for catastrophe-prone properties during the first half of the year, which moderated in the latter part of the year.
income before income taxes for 2017, increased 9.9%, or $6.2 million, over 2016, to $68.8 million, primarily due to the following: (i) the net increase in revenue as described above, offset by (ii) an increase in employee compensation and benefits of $16.4 million, of which $10.4 million was related to acquisitions that had no comparable compensation and benefits in the same period of 2016, with the remainder related to additional teammates to support increased transaction volumes and compensation increases for existing teammates, (iii) a decrease in profit from lower profit-sharing contingent commissions and gscs, (iv) a net $2.5 million increase in operating expenses, of which $3.1 million was related to acquisitions that had no comparable expenses in the same period of 2016 and (v) higher intercompany interest charges related to acquisitions completed in the previous year.
ebitdac for 2017 increased 12.2%, or $9.7 million, from the same period in 2016, to $88.8 million. ebitdac margin for 2017 increased to 32.7% from 32.5% in the same period in 2016. the increase in ebitdac margin was primarily driven by: (i) growth of core commissions and fees of 13.7%; and (ii) improving the ebitdac margin of a business acquired in 2016, which were partially offset by (iii) the net decrease in profit-sharing contingent commissions as a result of higher loss ratios.
services segment the services segment provides insurance-related services, including third-party claims administration and comprehensive medical utilization management services in both the workers' compensation and all-lines liability arenas. the services segment also provides medicare set-aside account services, social security disability and medicare benefits advocacy services, and claims adjusting services.
financial information relating to our services segment is as follows:
(in thousands, except percentages)                                         2018            % change                  2017             % change                  2016
profit-sharing contingent commissions                                     -                -      %                 -                 -      %                 -
investment income                                                       205            (31.4     )%               299               5.7      %               283
expenses employee compensation and benefits                                   85,930              6.2      %            80,944               2.7      %            78,804
change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables                       198                -      %                 -            (100.0     )%            (1,001   )
income before income taxes                                          $34,508             13.1      %           $30,498              25.3      %           $24,338
income before income taxes margin (1)                                  18.2   %                                  18.4   %                                   15.6   %
ebitdac (1)                                                          43,946              9.4      %            40,168              15.9      %            34,653
ebitdac margin (1)                                                     23.2   %                                  24.3   %                                   22.2   %
employee compensation and benefits relative to total revenues          45.4   %                                  48.9   %                                   50.4   %
capital expenditures                                                 $1,525             47.6      %            $1,033              57.5      %              $656
total assets at december 31                                        $471,572             18.1      %          $399,240               7.4      %          $371,645
(1) a non-gaap measure nmf = not a meaningful figure the services segment's total revenues for 2018 increased 14.4%, or $23.9 million, over 2017, to $189.2 million. the $24.0 million increase in core commissions and fees was driven primarily by the following: (i) $10.3 million related to the impact of adopting the new revenue standard; (ii) $8.0 million related to the core commissions and fees from acquisitions that had no comparable revenues in the same period of 2017; and (iii) $5.7 million related to net new and renewal business. the services segment's growth rate for total commissions and fees was 14.5%, and the organic revenue growth rate was 3.4% for 2018. the organic revenue growth rate was driven by growth across multiple businesses.
income before income taxes for 2018 increased 13.1%, or $4.0 million, over 2017, to $34.5 million due to a combination of: (i) organic revenue growth; and (ii) lower intercompany interest charges, which were partially offset by (iii) the growth in other operating expenses associated with the new revenue standard and professional fees to support organic revenue growth.
ebitdac for 2018 increased 9.4%, or $3.8 million, over the same period in 2017, to $43.9 million. ebitdac margin for 2018 decreased to 23.2% from 24.3% in the same period in 2017. the decrease in ebitdac margin was due to the impact of the new revenue standard, which resulting in recording $10.0 million of incremental year on year revenues and expenses which therefore compresses margins, along with higher non-cash stock-based compensation costs, and costs associated with onboarding new customers.
the services segment's total revenues for 2017 increased 5.8%, or $9.0 million, over 2016, to $165.4 million. the $9.0 million increase in core commissions and fees was driven primarily by the following: (i) $7.9 million related to net new business; (ii) $0.9 million related to the core commissions and fees from acquisitions that had no comparable revenues in the same period of 2016; and (iii) an increase of $0.2 million related to commissions and fees recorded in 2016 from business since divested. the services segment's growth rate for total commissions and fees was 5.8% and the organic revenue growth rate was 5.1% for 2017, primarily driven by our claims offices that handle catastrophe claims.
income before income taxes for 2017 increased 25.3%, or $6.2 million, over 2016, to $30.5 million due to a combination of: (i) new business realized across most of our businesses, (ii) our claims offices that handled catastrophe claims, (iii) the continued efficient operation of our businesses, and (iv) lower intercompany interest charges.
ebitdac for 2017 increased 15.9%, or $5.5 million, over the same period in 2016, to $40.2 million. ebitdac margin for 2017 increased to 24.3% from 22.2% in the same period in 2016. the increase in ebitdac margin was due to net increase in revenue as described above and effective control of expenses.
other as discussed in note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements, the "other" column in the segment information table includes any income and expenses not allocated to reportable segments, and corporate-related items, including the intercompany interest expense charges to reporting segments.
liquidity and capital resources the company seeks to maintain a conservative balance sheet and liquidity profile. our capital requirements to operate as an insurance intermediary are low and we have been able to grow and invest in our business principally through cash that has been generated from operations. we have the ability to utilize our revolving credit facility (the "facility"), which provides up to $800.0 million in available cash, and we believe that we have access to additional funds, if needed, through the capital markets to obtain further debt financing under the current market conditions. the company believes that its existing cash, cash equivalents, short-term investment portfolio and funds generated from operations, together with the funds available under the facility, will be sufficient to satisfy our normal liquidity needs, including principal payments on our long-term debt, for at least the next twelve months.
our cash and cash equivalents of $439.0 million at december 31, 2018 reflected a decrease of $134.4 million from the $573.4 million balance at december 31, 2017. during 2018, $567.5 million of cash was generated from operating activities, representing an increase of 28.4%. during this period, $923.9 million of cash was used for acquisitions, $26.6 million was used for acquisition earn-out payments, $41.5 million was used to purchase additional fixed assets, $84.7 million was used for payment of dividends, $100.0 million was used for share repurchases, and $120.0 million was used to pay outstanding principal balances owed on long-term debt.
our cash and cash equivalents of $573.4 million at december 31, 2017 reflected an increase of $57.8 million from the $515.6 million balance at december 31, 2016. during 2017, $442.0 million of cash was generated from operating activities, representing an increase of 7.5%. during this period, $41.5 million of cash was used for acquisitions, $43.8 million was used for acquisition earn-out payments, $24.2 million was used to purchase additional fixed assets, $77.7 million was used for payment of dividends, $139.9 million was used for share repurchases, and $96.8 million was used to pay outstanding principal balances owed on long-term debt.
our cash and cash equivalents of $515.6 million at december 31, 2016 reflected an increase of $72.2 million from the $443.4 million balance at december 31, 2015. during 2016, $411.0 million of cash was generated from operating activities. during this period, $122.6 million of cash was used for acquisitions, $28.2 million was used for acquisition earn-out payments, $17.8 million was used for additions to fixed assets, $70.3 million was used for payment of dividends, $7.7 million was used for share repurchases, and $73.1 million was used to pay outstanding principal balances owed on long-term debt.
our ratio of current assets to current liabilities (the "current ratio") was 1.22 and 1.13 at december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
other liabilities(1)                                        53,187                   4,907                     5,570                   2,470                  40,240
unrecognized tax benefits                                    1,639                       -                     1,639                       -                       -
maximum future acquisition contingency payments(2)         198,627                  43,184                   155,443                       -                       -
(1)   includes the current portion of other long-term liabilities.
debt total debt at december 31, 2018 was $1,507.0 million net of unamortized discount and debt issuance costs, which was an increase of $530.8 million compared to december 31, 2017. the increase reflects the addition of $650.0 million in principal balances, total debt repayments of $120.0 million, net of the amortization of discounted debt related to our senior notes due 2024, with a fixed interest rate of 4.200% per year and debt issuance cost amortization of $1.6 million. the company also added $0.8 million in debt issuance costs related to the term loan credit agreement (as defined below) that was executed in december 2018.
on may 10, 2018, the company elected to prepay in full the principal balance of $100.0 million from the series e senior notes, along with accrued interest of $0.7 million and a prepayment premium of $0.7 million as the notes were to mature on september 15, 2018. this resulted in a net interest expense savings of $0.8 million after deducting the pro-rated interest expense and prepayment premiums paid when compared to holding the note to maturity paying the full semi-annual coupon interest expense of $2.3 million.
on june 28, 2017, the company entered into an amended and restated credit agreement (the "amended and restated credit agreement") with the lenders named therein, jpmorgan chase bank, n.a. as administrative agent and certain other banks as co-syndication agents and co-documentation agents. the amended and restated credit agreement amended and restated the credit agreement dated april 17, 2014, among such parties. the amended and restated credit agreement extends the applicable maturity date of the facility of $800.0 million to june 28, 2022 and re-evidences the unsecured term loans in the amount of $400.0 million, while also extending the applicable maturity date to june 28, 2022.
the company borrowed approximately $600.0 million under its revolving credit facility on november 15, 2018 in connection with the closing of the acquisition of certain assets and assumption of certain liabilities of hays.
on december 21, 2018, the company borrowed $300.0 million under a term loan credit agreement with wells fargo bank, national association, as administrative agent, bank of america, n.a., bmo harris bank n.a. and suntrust bank as co-syndication agents, and wells fargo securities, llc, merrill lynch, pierce, fenner & smith incorporated, bmo capital markets corp. and suntrust robinson humphrey, inc. as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners (the "term loan credit agreement"). the term loan credit agreement provides for an unsecured term loan in the initial amount of $300.0 million, which may, subject to lenders' discretion, potentially be increased up to an aggregate amount of $450.0 million (the "term loan"). the term loan is repayable over the five-year term from the effective date of the term loan credit agreement, which was december 21, 2018. based on the company's net debt leverage ratio or a non-credit enhanced senior unsecured long-term debt rating as determined by moody's investor service and standard & poor's rating service, the current rate of interest on the term loan is 1.25% above the adjusted 1-month london interbank offered rate ("libor"). the company used $250.0 million of the borrowings to reduce indebtedness under the facility.
total debt at december 31, 2017 was $976.1 million net of unamortized discount and debt issuance costs, which was a decrease of $97.7 million compared to december 31, 2016. the decrease reflects the repayment of $96.8 million in principal, related to our credit agreements, repayment of the $0.5 million in a short-term note payable related to the 2016 acquisition of social security advocates for the disabled, llc ("ssad"), net of the amortization of discounted debt related to our senior notes due 2024, with a fixed interest rate of 4.200% per year and debt issuance cost amortization of $1.9 million. the company also added $2.8 million in debt issuance costs related to the amended and restated credit agreement (as defined below) that was executed in june 2017.
off-balance sheet arrangements neither we nor our subsidiaries have ever incurred off-balance sheet obligations through the use of, or investment in, off-balance sheet derivative financial instruments or structured finance or special purpose entities organized as corporations, partnerships or limited liability companies or trusts.
for further discussion of our cash management and risk management policies, see "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk."