item 1a. risk factors
as a large global health service company operating in a complex industry, we encounter a variety of risks and uncertainties that could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, results of operations, financial condition or the trading price of our securities. you should carefully consider each of the risks and uncertainties discussed below, together with other information contained in this annual report on form 10-k, including management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition. these risks and uncertainties are not the only ones we face. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect us. the following risk factors have been organized by category for ease of use; however many of the risks may have impacts in more than one category. these categories, therefore, should be viewed as a starting point for understanding the significant risks facing us and not as a limitation on the potential impact of the matters discussed. risk factors are not necessarily listed in order of importance.
future performance of our business will depend on our ability to execute our strategic and operational initiatives effectively.
the future performance of our business will depend in large part on our ability to effectively implement and execute our strategic and operational initiatives. successfully executing on these initiatives depends on a number of factors, including our ability to:
differentiate our products and services from those of our competitors;
leverage purchase volume to deliver discounts to health benefit providers;
attract, develop and maintain collaborative relationships with a sufficient number of qualified partners;
transition health care providers from volume-based fee-for-service arrangements to a value-based system;
improve medical cost competitiveness in our targeted markets;
contract with pharmaceutical manufacturers and pharmacy providers on favorable terms.
for our strategic initiatives to succeed, we must effectively integrate our operations, including with express scripts and other acquired businesses, actively work to ensure consistency throughout the organization, and promote a global mind-set along with a focus on individual customers and clients. if we fail to do so, our business may be unable to grow as planned, or the result of expansion may be unsatisfactory. we will be unable to rapidly respond to competitive, economic and regulatory changes if we do not make important strategic and operational decisions quickly, define our appetite for risk specifically, implement new governance, managerial and organizational processes smoothly and communicate roles and responsibilities clearly. if these initiatives fail or are not executed on effectively, our consolidated financial position and results of operations could be negatively affected.
we operate in a highly competitive, evolving and rapidly changing industry and our failure to adapt could negatively impact our business.
the health service industry continues to be dynamic and rapidly evolving. any significant shifts in the structure of the industry could alter industry dynamics and adversely affect our ability to attract or retain clients. industry shifts could result (and have resulted) from, among other things:
continuing consolidation among physicians, hospitals and other health care providers, as well as changes in the organizational structures chosen by physicians, hospitals and health care providers;
new market entrants, including those not traditionally in the health service industry;
the ability of larger employers and clients to contract directly with providers;
back to contents part i item 1a. risk factors
changes in the united states postal service or the consolidation of shipping carriers;
increased drug acquisition cost or unexpected changes to drug pricing trend;
a general increase in utilization under risk-based contracts in the medical benefit management market.
our failure to anticipate or appropriately adapt to changes in the industry could negatively impact our competitive position and adversely affect our business and results of operations.
our failure to compete effectively to differentiate our products and services from those of our competitors and maintain or increase market share could materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
we operate in a highly competitive environment and an industry subject to significant market pressures brought about by customer and client needs, legislative and regulatory developments and other market factors. in particular markets, our competitors may have greater, better or more established capabilities, resources, market share, reputation or business relationships, or lower profit margin or financial return expectations. our clients are well informed and organized and can easily move between our competitors and us. our express scripts client contracts generally have three-year terms. as described in greater detail in the description of our business in item 1 above (see page 11 of this form 10-k), one of our key clients in the health services segment is the united states department of defense. if one or more of our large clients either terminates or does not renew a contract for any reason, including as a result of being acquired, or if the provisions of a contract with a large client are modified, renewed or otherwise changed with terms less favorable to us, our results of operations could be adversely affected and we could experience a negative reaction in the investment community resulting in decreases in the trading price of our securities or other adverse effects.
our success depends, in part, on our ability to compete effectively in our markets, set prices appropriately in highly competitive markets to keep or increase our market share, increase customers as planned, differentiate our business offerings by innovating and delivering products and services that provide enhanced value to our customers, provide quality and satisfactory levels of service, and retain accounts with favorable medical cost experience or more profitable products versus retaining or increasing our customer base in accounts with unfavorable medical cost experience or less profitable products.
we must remain competitive to attract new customers, retain existing customers, and further integrate additional product and service offerings. to succeed in this highly competitive marketplace, it is imperative we maintain a strong reputation. the negative reputational impact of a significant event, including a failure to execute on customer or client contracts or strategic or operational initiatives, or failure to innovate and deliver products and services that demonstrate greater value to our customers, could affect our ability to grow and retain profitable arrangements, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
we face price competition and other pressures that could compress our margins or result in premiums that are insufficient to cover the cost of services delivered to our customers.
while we compete on the basis of many service and quality-related factors, we expect that price will continue to be a significant basis of competition. our client contracts are subject to negotiation as clients seek to contain their costs, including by reducing benefits offered. increasingly, our clients seek to negotiate performance guarantees that require us to pay penalties if the guaranteed performance standard is not met. clients can easily move between our competitors and us. our clients are well-informed and typically have knowledgeable consultants that seek competing bids from our competitors before contract renewal. in addition, as brokers and benefit consultants seek to enhance their revenue streams, they look to take on services that we typically provide. each of these events could negatively impact our financial results.
further, federal and state regulatory agencies may restrict our ability to implement changes in premium rates. fiscal or other concerns related to the government-sponsored programs in which we participate, such as medicare, may cause decreasing reimbursement rates, delays in premium payments or insufficient increases in reimbursement rates. any limitation on our ability to maintain or increase our premium or reimbursement levels, or a significant loss of customers or clients resulting from our need to increase or maintain premium or reimbursement levels, could adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
premiums in the integrated medical segment are generally set for one-year periods and are priced well in advance of the date on which the contract commences or renews. our revenue on medicare policies is based on bids submitted mid-year in the year before the contract year. although we base the premiums we charge and our medicare bids on our estimate of future health care costs over the contract period, actual costs may exceed what we estimate in setting premiums. our health care costs also are affected by external events that we cannot forecast or project and over which we have little or no control, as well as changes in customers' health care utilization patterns and provider billing practices. our profitability depends, in part, on our ability to accurately predict, price for and effectively manage future health care costs. relatively small differences between predicted and actual medical costs or utilization rates as a percentage of revenue can result in significant changes in our financial results.
back to contents part i item 1a. risk factors failure to identify and implement new ways to mitigate pricing pressures, could negatively impact our ability to attract or retain clients or sell additional services, which could negatively impact our margins and have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
the reserves we hold for expected medical claims are based on estimates that involve an extensive degree of judgment and are inherently variable. if actual claims exceed our estimates, our operating results could be materially adversely affected, and our ability to take timely corrective actions to contain future costs may be limited.
we maintain and record medical claims reserves on our balance sheet for estimated future payments. our estimates of health care costs payable are based on a number of factors, including historical claim experience, but this estimation process requires extensive judgment. considerable variability is inherent in such estimates, and the accuracy of the estimates is highly sensitive to changes in medical claims submission and processing patterns and/or procedures, changes in customer base and product mix, changes in the utilization of medical and/or other covered services, changes in medical cost trends, changes in our medical management practices and the introduction of new benefits and products. if we are not able to accurately and promptly anticipate and detect medical cost trends, our ability to take timely corrective actions to limit future costs and reflect our current benefit cost experience in our pricing process may be limited. because establishing these reserves is an inherently uncertain process involving estimates of future losses, there can be no certainty that ultimate losses will not exceed existing medical claims reserves.
if we fail to develop and maintain satisfactory relationships with physicians, hospitals and other health service providers, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected.
we contract with physicians, hospitals and other health service providers and facilities to provide health services to our customers. our results of operations are substantially dependent on our ability to contract for these services at competitive prices. in any particular market, physicians, hospitals and health service providers may enter into exclusive arrangements with competitors or simply refuse to contract with us, demand higher payments or take other actions that could result in higher medical costs or less desirable products or services for our customers. in some markets, certain providers, particularly hospitals, physician/hospital organizations and multi-specialty physician groups, may have significant or controlling market positions that could result in a diminished bargaining position for us. if providers refuse to contract with us, use their market position to negotiate more favorable contracts or place us at a competitive disadvantage, our ability to market products or to be profitable in those areas could be materially and adversely affected. establishing collaborative arrangements with physician groups, specialist groups, independent practice associations, hospitals and health care delivery systems is key to our strategic focus to transition from volume-based fee-for-service arrangements to a value-based health care system. if such collaborative arrangements do not result in the lower medical costs that we project or if we fail to attract health care providers to such arrangements, or are less successful at implementing such arrangements than our competitors, our attractiveness to customers may be reduced and our ability to profitably grow our business may be adversely affected.
our ability to develop and maintain satisfactory relationships with providers may also be negatively impacted by other factors not associated with us, such as changes in medicare and/or medicaid reimbursement levels, increasing pressure on revenue and other pressures on health care providers and increasing consolidation activity among hospitals, physician groups and providers. continuing consolidation among physicians, hospitals and other providers, the emergence of accountable care organizations, vertical integration of providers and other entities, changes in the organizational structures chosen by physicians, hospitals and providers and new market entrants, including those not traditionally in the health care industry, may affect the way providers interact with us and may change the competitive landscape in which we operate. in some instances, these organizations may compete directly with us, potentially affecting the way we price our products and services or cause us to incur increased costs if we change our operations to be more competitive.
out-of-network providers are not limited by any agreement with us in the amounts they bill. while benefit plans place limits on the amount of charges that will be considered for reimbursement, out-of-network providers have become increasingly sophisticated and aggressive and such limitations can be difficult to enforce. as a result, the outcome of disputes where we do not have a provider contract may cause us to pay higher medical or other benefit costs than we projected.
if we lose our relationship with one or more key pharmaceutical manufacturers, or if the payments made or discounts provided by pharmaceutical manufacturers decline, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected.
we maintain contractual relationships with numerous pharmaceutical manufacturers, which provide us with, among other things:
access to limited distribution specialty pharmaceuticals by our specialty pharmacies.
our contracts with pharmaceutical manufacturers are typically non-exclusive and terminable on relatively short notice by either party. the consolidation of pharmaceutical manufacturers, the termination or material alteration of our contractual relationships, or our failure to renew such contracts on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. in addition, arrangements between payors and pharmaceutical manufacturers have been the subject of debate in federal and state legislatures and various other public and governmental forums. adoption of new laws, rules or regulations or changes in, or new interpretations of, existing laws, rules or regulations, relating to any of these programs could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations.
back to contents part i item 1a. risk factors if significant changes occur within the pharmacy provider marketplace, or if other issues arise with respect to our pharmacy networks, including the loss of or adverse change in our relationship with one or more key pharmacy providers, our business and financial results could be impaired.
more than 68,000 retail pharmacies, which represent over 99% of all united states retail pharmacies, participated in one or more of our networks as of december 31, 2018. the ten largest retail pharmacy chains represent approximately 61% of the total number of stores in our largest network. in certain geographic areas of the united states, our networks may be comprised of higher concentrations of one or more large pharmacy chains. contracts with retail pharmacies are generally non-exclusive and are terminable on relatively short notice by either party. if one or more of the larger pharmacy chains terminates its relationship with us, or is able to renegotiate terms substantially less favorable to us, our customers' access to retail pharmacies and/or our business could be materially adversely affected. the entry of one or more additional large pharmacy chains into the pharmacy benefit management business, the consolidation of existing pharmacy chains or increased leverage or market share by the largest pharmacy providers could increase the likelihood of negative changes in our relationship with such pharmacies. changes in the overall composition of our pharmacy networks, or reduced pharmacy access under our networks, could have a negative impact on our claims volume and/or our competitiveness in the marketplace, which could cause us to fall short of certain guarantees in our contracts with clients or otherwise impair our business or results of operations.
contracts in the prescription drug industry, including our contracts with retail pharmacy networks and our pharmacy and specialty pharmacy clients, generally use "average wholesale price" or "awp," which is published by a third party, as a benchmark to establish pricing for prescription drugs. if awp is no longer published by third parties, we adopt other pricing benchmarks for establishing prices within the industry or future changes in drug prices substantially deviate from our expectations, the short- or long-term impacts may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
as a global company, we face political, legal, operational, regulatory, economic and other risks that present challenges and could negatively affect our multinational operations and/or our long-term growth.
as a global company, our business is increasingly exposed to risks inherent in foreign operations. these risks can vary substantially by market, and include political, legal, operational, regulatory, economic and other risks, including government intervention that we do not face in our u.s. operations. the global nature of our business and operations may present challenges including, but not limited to, those arising from:
geopolitical business conditions and demands, including the june 2016 referendum in the united kingdom to leave the european union;
price controls or other pricing issues and exchange controls; restrictions that prevent us from transferring funds out of the countries in which we operate; foreign currency exchange rates and fluctuations and restrictions on converting currencies from foreign operations into other currencies; uncertainty with respect to the interpretation of tax positions;
managing our partner relationships in countries outside of the united states;
general economic and political conditions.
these factors may increase in significance as we continue to expand globally and operating in new foreign markets may require considerable management time before operations generate any significant revenues and earnings. any one of these challenges could negatively affect our operations or long-term growth. for example, due to the concentration of our international business in south korea, the international markets segment is exposed to potential losses resulting from economic and regulatory changes in that country and the geopolitical climate in the korean peninsula, as well as foreign currency movements affecting the south korean currency, that could have a significant impact on the segment's results and our consolidated financial results.
international operations also require us to devote significant resources to implement controls and systems in new markets to comply with, and to ensure that our vendors and partners comply with, u.s. and foreign laws prohibiting bribery, corruption and money laundering, in addition to other regulations regarding, among other things, our products, direct-to-consumer communications, customer privacy, data protection and data residency. violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines, criminal sanctions against us, our officers or employees, restrictions or outright prohibitions on the conduct of our business and significant reputational harm. our success depends, in part, on our ability to anticipate these risks and manage these challenges. our failure to comply with laws and regulations governing our conduct outside the united states or to establish constructive relations with non-u.s. regulators could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and long-term growth.
we are dependent on the success of our relationships with third parties for various services and functions.
back to contents part i item 1a. risk factors contractual dispute between us and the third party. even though contracts are intended to provide certain protections, we have limited control over the actions of third parties. for example, noncompliance with any privacy or security laws and regulations, any security breach involving one of our third-party vendors or a dispute between us and a third-party vendor related to our arrangement could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and reputation.
outsourcing also may require us to change our existing operations, adopt new processes for managing these service providers and/or redistribute responsibilities to realize the potential productivity and operational efficiencies. if there are delays or difficulties in changing business processes or our third-party vendors do not perform as expected, we may not realize, or not realize on a timely basis, the anticipated economic and other benefits of these relationships. this could result in substantial costs or regulatory compliance issues, divert management's attention from other strategic activities, negatively affect employee morale or create other operational or financial problems for us. terminating or transitioning in whole or in part arrangements with key vendors could result in additional costs or penalties, risks of operational delays or potential errors and control issues during the termination or transition phase. we may not be able to find an alternative vendor in a timely manner or on acceptable terms. if there is an interruption in business or loss of access to data resulting from a security breach, termination or transition in services, we may not be able to meet the demands of our customers and, in turn, our business and results of operations could be adversely impacted.
a significant disruption in service within our operations or among our key suppliers or other third parties could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations.
our business is highly dependent upon our ability to perform, in an efficient and uninterrupted fashion, necessary business functions, such as claims processing and payment, internet support and customer call centers, data centers and corporate facilities, processing new and renewal business, maintaining appropriate shipment and storage conditions for prescriptions (such as temperature and protection from contamination) and mail order processing. in some instances, our ability to provide services or products (including processing and dispensing prescriptions) depends on the availability of services and products provided by suppliers, pharmaceutical manufacturers, vendors or shipping carriers. any failure or disruption of our performance of, or our ability to perform, key business functions, including through unavailability or cyber-attack of our information technology systems or those of third parties, could cause slower response times, decreased levels of service satisfaction and harm to our reputation. in addition, because our information technology and other systems interface with and depend on third-party systems, we could experience service denials if demand for such service exceeds capacity or a third-party system fails or experiences an interruption. our failure to implement adequate business continuity and disaster recovery strategies could significantly reduce our ability to provide products and services to our customers and clients, which could have material adverse effects on our business and results of operations.
acquisitions, including our acquisition of express scripts, joint ventures and other transactions involve risks and we may not realize the expected benefits because of integration difficulties, underperformance relative to our expectations and other challenges.
as part of our growth strategy, we regularly consider and enter into strategic transactions, including mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures, licensing arrangements and other relationships (collectively referred to as "strategic transactions"). our ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of these strategic transactions is subject to numerous uncertainties and risks, including our ability to integrate operations, resources and systems, including data security systems, in an efficient and effective manner.
the success of the express scripts acquisition will depend, in part, on our ability to successfully combine the businesses of cigna and express scripts and realize the anticipated benefits, including synergies, cost savings, innovation and operational efficiencies, from the combination. this integration is a complex, costly and time-consuming process, which may divert management's attention from ongoing business concerns.
key risks of the express scripts integration include, but are not limited to, retaining existing clients and attracting new clients on profitable terms; maintaining employee morale and retaining key management and other employees; integrating two unique corporate cultures; consolidating corporate and administrative infrastructures and realizing operational synergies; integrating information technology, communications programs, financial procedures and operations, and other systems, procedures and policies; coordinating geographically separate organizations; managing tax costs or inefficiencies associated with integrating the operations of the combined company; and necessary modifications to internal financial control standards.
integration activities may result in additional and unforeseen expenses, and the anticipated benefits of integration, including with respect to express scripts, may not be fully realized or may take longer to realize than expected. delays or issues encountered in the integration process could have a material adverse effect on the revenues, expenses, operating results and financial condition of the combined company.
strategic transactions could result in increased costs, including facilities and systems consolidation costs and costs to retain key employees, decreases in expected revenues, earnings or cash flows, and goodwill or other intangible asset impairment charges. additional unanticipated costs may be incurred in the integration of express scripts' businesses. although we expect that the elimination of duplicative costs, as well as the realization of other efficiencies related to the integration of those businesses, should allow us to more than offset incremental transaction and merger-related costs over time, this net benefit may not be achieved in the near term, or at all. in addition, the trading price of our securities may decline if, among other things, we are unable to achieve the expected growth in earnings, if our operational cost savings estimates are not realized, or the transaction costs related to the acquisition and integration are greater than expected. the trading price also may decline if we do not achieve the perceived benefits of the acquisition as rapidly or to the extent anticipated by financial or industry analysts.
further, we may finance strategic transactions by issuing common stock for some or all of the purchase price that could dilute the ownership interests of our shareholders, or by incurring additional debt that could impact our ability to access capital in the future.
in addition, effective internal controls are necessary to provide reliable and accurate financial reports and to mitigate the risk of fraud. the integration of businesses, including express scripts, is likely to cause increasing complexity in our systems and internal controls and make them more difficult to manage. any difficulties in assimilating businesses into our control system could cause us to fail to meet our financial reporting
back to contents part i item 1a. risk factors obligations. ineffective internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information that could negatively impact the trading price of our securities and our access to capital.
our business depends on our ability to effectively invest in, implement improvements to and properly maintain the uninterrupted operation and data integrity of our information technology and other business systems.
our business is highly dependent on maintaining effective information systems as well as the integrity and timeliness of the data we use to serve our customers and health care professionals and to operate our business. if our data were found to be inaccurate or unreliable due to fraud or other error, or if we, or any of the third-party service providers we engage, were to fail to maintain information systems and data integrity effectively, we could experience operational disruptions that may impact our clients, customers and health care professionals and hinder our ability to provide services and products, establish appropriate pricing for products and services, retain and attract clients and customers, establish reserves and report financial results timely and accurately and maintain regulatory compliance, among other things.
our information technology strategy and execution are critical to our continued success. we must continue to invest in long-term solutions that will enable us to anticipate customer needs and expectations, enhance the customer experience, act as a differentiator in the market and protect against cybersecurity risks and threats. our success is dependent, in large part, on maintaining the effectiveness of existing technology systems and continuing to deliver and enhance technology systems that support our business processes in a cost-efficient and resource-efficient manner. increasing regulatory and legislative changes will place additional demands on our information technology infrastructure that could have a direct impact on resources available for other projects tied to our strategic initiatives. in addition, recent trends toward greater consumer engagement in health care require new and enhanced technologies, including more sophisticated applications for mobile devices. connectivity among technologies is becoming increasingly important. we must also develop new systems to meet current market standards and keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, evolving industry and regulatory standards and customer needs. failure to do so may present compliance challenges and impede our ability to deliver services in a competitive manner. further, because system development projects are long-term in nature, they may be more costly than expected to complete and may not deliver the expected benefits upon completion. our failure to effectively invest in, implement improvements to and properly maintain the uninterrupted operation and data integrity of our information technology and other business systems could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flow.
as a large health service company, we are subject to cyber-attacks or other privacy or data security incidents. if we are unable to prevent or contain the effects of any such attacks, we may suffer exposure to substantial liability, reputational harm, loss of revenue or other damages.
our business depends on our clients' and customers' willingness to entrust us with their health-related and other sensitive personal information. computer systems may be vulnerable to physical break-ins, computer viruses or malware, programming errors, attacks by third parties or similar disruptive problems. we have been, and will likely continue to be, the target of computer viruses or other malicious codes, unauthorized access, cyber-attacks or other computer-related penetrations. there have been, and will likely continue to be, large scale cyber-attacks within the health service industry. as we increase the amount of personal information that we store and share digitally, our exposure to data security and related cybersecurity risks increases, including the risk of undetected attacks, damage, loss or unauthorized access or misappropriation of proprietary or personal information, and the cost of attempting to protect against these risks also increases. if disruptions or breaches are not detected quickly, their effect could be compounded. we have implemented security technologies, processes and procedures to protect consumer identity and provide employee awareness training around phishing, malware and other cyber risks; however, there are no assurances that such measures will be effective against all types of breaches.
cyber-security threats are rapidly evolving and those threats and the means for obtaining access to our proprietary systems are becoming increasingly sophisticated. cyber-attacks can originate from a wide variety of sources including third parties, such as external service providers, and the techniques used change frequently or are often not recognized until after they have been launched. those parties may also attempt to fraudulently induce employees, customers or other users of our systems to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to our data or that of our customers. in addition, while we have certain standards for all vendors that provide us services, our vendors, and in turn, their own service providers, may become subject to the same types of security breaches. finally, our offices may be vulnerable to security incidents or security attacks, acts of vandalism or theft, misplaced or lost data, human error or similar events that could negatively affect our systems and our customers' and clients' data.
the costs to eliminate or address security threats and vulnerabilities before or after a cyber-incident could be significant. our remediation efforts may not be successful and could result in interruptions, delays, or cessation of service and loss of existing or potential customers.
in addition, breaches of our security measures and the unauthorized dissemination of sensitive personal information or proprietary information or confidential information about us, our customers or other third-parties could expose our customers' private information and our customers to the risk of financial or medical identity theft. unauthorized dissemination of confidential and proprietary information about our business and strategy also could negatively affect the achievement of our strategic initiatives. such events could cause us to breach our contractual confidentiality obligations and violate applicable laws. these events would negatively affect our ability to compete, others' trust in us, our reputation, customer base and revenues and expose us to mandatory disclosure (including to the media), litigation and other enforcement proceedings, material fines, penalties and/or remediation costs, and compensatory, special, punitive and statutory damages, consent orders and other adverse actions, any of which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition or liquidity.
part i item 1a. risk factors in managing medical practices and operating onsite clinics and other types of medical facilities, we may be subject to additional liability that could result in significant time and expense.
in addition to contracting with physicians and other health care providers for services, we employ physicians, nurses and other health care professionals at onsite low acuity and primary care practices and infusion clinics that we manage and operate for our customers, as well as certain clinics for our employees. we also provide in-home care through health care professionals that we employ, as well as, through third-party contractors. as such, we are subject to liability for negligent acts, omissions, or injuries occurring at one of these clinics or caused by one of our employees. the defense of any actions may result in significant expenses that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and reputation.
our business is subject to substantial government regulation, as well as new laws or regulations or changes in existing laws or regulations that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
our business is regulated at the federal, state, local and international levels. the laws and rules governing our business and related interpretations are increasing in number and complexity, are subject to frequent change and can be inconsistent or in conflict with each other.
noncompliance with applicable regulations by us or our third-party vendors could have material adverse effects on our business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and reputation.
we must identify, assess and respond to new trends in the legislative and regulatory environment, as well as comply with the various existing regulations applicable to our business. from time to time, certain legislative and/or regulatory proposals are made which seek to manage the health care industry, including managing prescription drug cost, regulating drug distribution and managing health records. the trading price of our securities may react to the announcement of such proposals. we are unable to predict whether any such policies or proposals will be enacted, or the specific terms thereof. certain of these policies or proposals could, if enacted, adversely impact our business and results of operations.
existing or future laws, rules, regulatory interpretations or judgments could force us to change how we conduct our business, affect the products and services we offer, restrict revenue and enrollment growth, increase our costs, including operating, health care technology and administrative costs, and require enhancements to our compliance infrastructure and internal controls environment. we are required to obtain and maintain insurance and other regulatory approvals to market many of our products, increase prices for certain regulated products and consummate some of our acquisitions and dispositions. delays in obtaining or failure to obtain or maintain these approvals could reduce our revenue or increase our costs. existing or future laws and rules could also require or lead us to take other actions such as changing our business practices, and could increase our liability.
further, failure to effectively implement or adjust our strategic and operational initiatives, such as by reducing operating costs, adjusting premium pricing or benefit design or transforming our business model in response to regulatory changes may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, including, but not limited to, our ability to maintain the value of our goodwill and other intangible assets.
for more information on regulations to which we are subject, see "business – regulation" in part i, item 1 of this form 10-k.
there are various risks associated with participating in government-sponsored programs, such as medicare, including dependence upon government funding, compliance with government contracts and increased regulatory oversight.
through our government business, we contract with cms and various state governmental agencies to provide managed health care services including medicare advantage plans and medicare-approved prescription drug plans. if we fail to comply with cms's contractual requirements, including data submission, enrollment and marketing, provider network adequacy, provider directory accuracy, quality measures, claims payment, continuity of care and call center performance, we may be subject to administrative actions, fines or other penalties that could impact our profitability.
revenues from medicare programs are dependent, in whole or in part, upon annual funding from the federal government through cms and/or applicable state or local governments. funding for these programs is dependent on many factors outside our control including general economic conditions, continuing government efforts to contain health care costs and budgetary constraints at the federal or applicable state or local level and general political issues and priorities. these entities generally have the right to not renew or cancel their contracts with us on short notice without cause or if funds are not available. unanticipated changes in funding, such as the application of sequestration by the federal or state governments or the failure to provide for continued appropriations or regular ongoing scheduled payments to us, could substantially reduce our revenues and profitability.
the medicare program has been the subject of regulatory reform initiatives. the premium rates paid to medicare advantage plans and medicare part d plans are established by contract, although the rates differ depending on a combination of factors, many of which are outside our control. the star rating system is subject to change annually by cms, which may make it more difficult to achieve four stars or greater. a plan's star rating affects its image in the market and plans that perform well are able to market more effectively and for longer periods of time than other plans. our medicare advantage plans' and medicare part d plans' operating results, premium revenue and benefit offerings are likely to continue to be significantly determined by their star ratings. a portion of each medicare advantage plan's reimbursement is tied to the plan's star rating, with those plans receiving a rating of four or more stars eligible for quality-based bonus payments. there can be no assurances that we will be successful in maintaining or improving our star ratings in future years. in addition, audits of our performance for past or future periods may result in downgrades to our star ratings. accordingly, our plans may not be eligible for full level quality bonuses,
back to contents part i item 1a. risk factors which could adversely affect the benefits such plans can offer, reduce membership and/or impact our financial performance. see part ii, item 7 – management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of information – health care industry developments and other matters affecting our global health care segment for additional information on our star ratings.
on november 1, 2018, cms released a proposed rule that would revise its risk adjustment data validation methodology by, among other things, excluding an adjustment for underlying fee-for-service data errors and extrapolating radv results at the contract level. if adopted in its current form, the rule could have a detrimental impact to all medicare advantage insurers and affect the ability of plans to deliver high quality health care for the population served. while it is uncertain that cms will issue the rule as proposed, if adopted, it could have a material impact on the company's future results of operations.
our participation in health insurance exchanges for individuals and small employers involves uncertainties associated with mix and volume of business and could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. the executive order signed in october 2017 that halted payment of the cost sharing reduction subsidies has created additional uncertainty regarding the future of public health insurance exchanges. risk adjustment balances are subject to audit and adjustment by cms.
any failure to comply with various state and federal health care laws and regulations, including those directed at preventing fraud and abuse in government funded programs, could result in investigations or litigation, such as actions under the federal false claims act and similar whistleblower statutes under state laws. this could subject us to damage awards, fines, penalties or other enforcement actions, restrictions on our ability to market or enroll new customers, limits on expansion, restrictions or exclusions from programs or other agreements with federal or state governmental agencies, which could adversely impact our business, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and reputation.
we face risks related to litigation, regulatory audits and investigations.
we are routinely involved in numerous claims, lawsuits, regulatory audits, investigations and other legal matters arising, for the most part, in the ordinary course of business, including that of administering and insuring employee benefit programs. these legal matters could include benefit claims, breach of contract actions, tort claims, claims arising from consumer protection laws, false claims act laws, claims disputes under federal or state laws and disputes regarding reinsurance arrangements, employment and employment discrimination-related suits, antitrust claims, employee benefit claims, wage and hour claims, tax, privacy, intellectual property and whistleblower claims, shareholder suits and other securities law claims and real estate disputes. in addition, we have incurred and likely will continue to incur liability for practices and claims related to our health care business, such as marketing misconduct, failure to timely or appropriately pay for or provide health care, provider network structure, poor outcomes for care delivered or arranged, provider disputes including disputes over compensation or contractual provisions, erisa claims, allegations related to calculations of cost sharing and claims related to our administration of self-funded business. there are currently, and may be in the future, attempts to bring class action lawsuits against the company and other companies in our industry; individual plaintiffs also may bring multiple claims regarding the same subject matter against us and other companies in our industry.
court decisions and legislative activity may increase our exposure for any of these types of claims. in some cases, substantial non-economic or punitive damages may be sought. we seek to procure insurance coverage to cover some of these potential liabilities. however, certain potential liabilities may not be covered by insurance, insurers may dispute coverage or the amount of insurance may be insufficient to cover the entire damages awarded. in addition, certain types of damages, such as punitive damages, may not be covered by insurance, and insurance coverage for all or certain forms of liability may become unavailable or prohibitively expensive in the future. it is possible that the resolution of current or future legal matters and claims could result in changes to our industry and business practices, losses material to our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity or damage to our reputation.
we are frequently the subject of regulatory market conduct and other reviews, audits and investigations by state insurance and health and welfare and pharmacy departments, attorneys general, cms and the oig and comparable authorities in foreign jurisdictions. with respect to our medicare advantage and medicare part d businesses, cms and oig perform audits to determine a health plan's compliance with federal regulations and contractual obligations, including compliance with proper coding practices and fraud and abuse enforcement practices through audits designed to detect and correct improper payments. the department of justice is conducting an industry review of the risk adjustment data submission practices and business processes, including review of medical charts, of cigna and a number of other medicare advantage organizations under medicare parts c and d. there also continues to be heightened review by federal and state regulators of business and reporting practices within the health service, disability and life insurance industries, including with respect to claims payment and related escheat practices, and increased scrutiny by other state and federal governmental agencies (such as state attorneys general) empowered to bring criminal actions in circumstances that could have previously given rise only to civil or administrative proceedings.
in addition, various governmental agencies have conducted investigations and audits into certain pharmacy benefit management practices. many of these investigations and audits have resulted in other companies agreeing to civil penalties, including the payment of money and corporate integrity agreements. we cannot predict what effect, if any, such governmental investigations and audits may ultimately have on us or on the industry in general. however, we may experience government scrutiny and audit activity which may result in the payment or offset of prior reimbursements from the government.
regulatory audits or reviews or actions by other governmental agencies could result in changes to our business practices, retroactive adjustments to certain premiums, significant fines, penalties, civil liabilities, criminal liabilities or other sanctions, including restrictions on our ability to market certain products or engage in business-related activities, that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operation, financial condition and liquidity. in addition, disclosure of an adverse investigation or audit or the imposition of fines or other sanctions could negatively affect our reputation in certain markets and make it more difficult for us to sell our products and services.
a description of material pending legal actions and other legal and regulatory matters is included in note 19 to our consolidated financial statements included in this form 10-k. the outcome of litigation and other legal or regulatory matters is always uncertain.
back to contents part i item 1a. risk factors if we fail to comply with applicable privacy, security and data laws, regulations and standards, our business and reputation could be materially and adversely affected.
most of our activities involve the receipt, use, storage or transmission of a substantial amount of individuals' protected health information and personally identifiable information. we also use aggregated and anonymized data for research and analysis purposes, and in some cases, provide access to such data to pharmaceutical manufacturers and third-party data aggregators and analysts. the collection, maintenance, protection, use, transmission, disclosure and disposal of sensitive personal information are regulated at the federal, state, international and industry levels and requirements are imposed on us by contracts with clients. in some cases, such laws, rules, regulations and contractual requirements also apply to our vendors and require us to obtain written assurances of their compliance with such requirements or may hold us liable for any violations by our vendors. we are also subject to various other consumer protection laws that regulate our communications with customers. certain of our businesses are also subject to the payment card industry data security standard, which is designed to protect credit card account data as mandated by payment card industry entities. international laws, rules and regulations governing the use and disclosure of such information, such as the gdpr, are generally more stringent than in the united states, and they vary across jurisdictions.
these laws, rules, and contractual requirements are subject to change. compliance with new privacy, security and data laws, regulations and requirements may result in increased operating costs, and may constrain or require us to alter our business model or operations. for example, the hitech amendments to hipaa may further restrict our ability to collect, disclose and use sensitive personal information and may impose additional compliance requirements on our business.
hipaa requires covered entities to comply with the hipaa privacy, security and breach rules. in addition, business associates must comply with the hipaa security and breach requirements. while we provide for appropriate protections through our contracts with our third-party service providers and in certain cases assess their security controls, we have limited oversight or control over their actions and practices. several of our businesses act as business associates to their covered entity customers and, as a result, collect, use, disclose and maintain sensitive personal information in order to provide services to these customers. hhs has continued its audit program to assess hipaa compliance efforts by covered entities and has expanded it to include business associates. in addition, hhs has increased its enforcement efforts. these efforts can result in enforcement actions that are the result of investigations brought on by the notification to hhs of a breach. an audit resulting in findings or allegations of noncompliance or the implementation of an enforcement action could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, cash flows and reputation.
effective prevention, detection and control systems are critical to maintain regulatory compliance and prevent fraud and failure of these systems could adversely affect us.
federal and state governments have made investigating and prosecuting health care and other insurance fraud and abuse a priority. fraud and abuse prohibitions encompass a wide range of activities including kickbacks for referral of customers, billing for unnecessary medical services, improper marketing and violations of patient privacy rights. the regulations and contractual requirements applicable to us are complex and subject to change. in addition, ongoing vigorous law enforcement, a highly technical regulatory scheme and the dodd-frank act legislation and related regulations enhance regulators' enforcement powers and whistleblower incentives and protections. our compliance efforts in this area will continue to require significant resources. failure of our prevention, detection or control systems related to regulatory compliance or the failure of employees to comply with our internal policies including data systems security or unethical conduct by managers and employees, could adversely affect our reputation and also expose us to litigation and other proceedings, fines and penalties.
in addition, provider or customer fraud that is not prevented or detected could impact our medical costs or those of our self-insured clients. further, during an economic downturn, we may experience increased fraudulent claims volume that may lead to additional costs due to an increase in disputed claims and litigation.
significant stock market or interest rate declines could result in additional unfunded pension obligations resulting in the need for additional plan funding by us and increased pension expenses.
we currently have unfunded obligations in our frozen pension plans. a significant decline in the value of the plans' equity and fixed income investments or unfavorable changes in applicable laws or regulations could materially increase our expenses and change the timing and amount of required plan funding. this could reduce the cash available to us, including our subsidiaries. we are also exposed to interest rate and equity risk associated with our pension and other post-retirement obligations. sustained declines in interest rates could have an adverse impact on the funded status of our pension plans and our reinvestment yield on new investments. see note 13 to our consolidated financial statements for more information on our obligations under the pension plans.
significant changes in market interest rates affect the value of our financial instruments that promise a fixed return or benefit and the value of particular assets and liabilities.
as an insurer, we have substantial investment assets that support insurance and contractholder deposit liabilities. generally low levels of interest rates on investments, such as those experienced in u.s. and foreign financial markets during recent years, have negatively impacted our level of investment income earned in recent periods.
a substantial portion of our investment assets are in fixed interest-yielding debt securities of varying maturities, fixed redeemable preferred securities and commercial mortgage loans. the value of these investment assets can fluctuate significantly with changes in market conditions. a rise in interest rates would likely reduce the value of our investment portfolio and increase interest expense if we were to access our available lines of credit.
back to contents part i item 1a. risk factors a downgrade in the financial strength ratings of our insurance subsidiaries could adversely affect new sales and retention of current business, and a downgrade in our debt ratings would increase the cost of borrowed funds and could negatively affect our ability to access capital.
financial strength, claims paying ability and debt ratings by recognized rating organizations are each important factors in establishing the competitive position of insurance and health benefits companies. ratings information by nationally recognized ratings agencies is broadly disseminated and generally used throughout the industry. we believe that the claims paying ability and financial strength ratings of our principal insurance subsidiaries are important factors in marketing our products to certain customers. our debt ratings impact both the cost and availability of future borrowings and, accordingly, our cost of capital. each of the rating agencies reviews ratings periodically and there can be no assurance that current ratings will be maintained in the future. a downgrade of any of these ratings in the future could make it more difficult to either market our products successfully or raise capital to support business growth within our insurance subsidiaries.
global market, economic and geopolitical conditions may cause fluctuations in equity market prices, interest rates and credit spreads that could impact our ability to raise or deploy capital and affect our overall liquidity.
if the equity and credit markets experience extreme volatility and disruption, there could be downward pressure on stock prices and restricted access to capital for certain issuers without regard to those issuers' underlying financial strength. extreme disruption in the credit markets could adversely impact our access to, and cost of, capital in the future.
in the event of adverse economic and industry conditions, we may be required to dedicate a greater percentage of our cash flow from operations to the payment of principal and interest on our debt, thereby reducing the funds we have available for other purposes, such as investments and other expenditures in ongoing businesses, acquisitions, dividends and stock repurchases. in these circumstances, our ability to execute our strategy may be limited, our flexibility in planning for or reacting to changes in business and market conditions may be reduced, or our access to capital markets may be limited such that additional capital may not be available or may be available only on unfavorable terms.
in connection with the combination with express scripts, we have considerably higher levels of indebtedness than cigna and express scripts previously carried, which will result in higher relative debt service costs and less cash flow from operations available to fund growth, stock repurchases and other corporate purposes during our deleveraging process.
requires us to dedicate a greater percentage of our cash flow from operations to debt payments, thereby reducing the availability of cash flow to fund capital expenditures, pursue other acquisitions or investments in new technologies, make stock repurchases, pay dividends and for general corporate purposes;
increases our vulnerability to general adverse economic conditions, including increases in interest rates for our borrowings that bear interest at variable rates and are in a greater amount than floating rate assets held, or if such indebtedness is refinanced at a time when interest rates are higher; and
limits our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in or challenges relating to our business and industry.
the covenants to which we have agreed in connection with the financing, and our indebtedness and higher debt-to-equity ratio in comparison to that of cigna or express scripts on a recent historical basis, may have the effect, among other things, of restricting our financial and operating flexibility to respond to changing business and economic conditions, creating competitive disadvantages compared to other competitors with lower debt levels during the deleveraging process.
unfavorable developments in economic conditions may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
many factors, including geopolitical issues, future economic downturns, availability and cost of credit and other capital and consumer spending can negatively impact the u.s. and global economies. our results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by the impact of unfavorable economic conditions on our customers (both employers and individuals), health care providers, pharmacy manufacturers, pharmacy providers and third-party vendors. for example:
because of unfavorable economic conditions or the aca, employers may stop offering health care coverage to employees or elect to offer this coverage on a voluntary, employee-funded basis as a means to reduce their operating costs.
our historical disability claim experience and industry data indicate that submitted disability claims rise under adverse economic conditions.
back to contents part i item 1a. risk factors
a prolonged unfavorable economic environment could adversely impact the financial position of hospitals and other health care providers, potentially increasing our medical costs as these providers attempt to maintain revenue levels in their efforts to adjust to their own economic challenges.
our third-party vendors could significantly and quickly increase their prices or reduce their output to reduce their operating costs. our business depends on our ability to perform necessary business functions in an efficient and uninterrupted fashion.
in addition, during a prolonged unfavorable economic environment, state and federal budgets could be materially and adversely affected, resulting in reduced or delayed reimbursements or payments in state and federal government programs such as medicare and social security or under contracts with government entities. these state and federal budgetary pressures also could cause the government to impose new or a higher level of taxes or assessments on us, such as premium taxes on insurance companies and hmos and surcharges or fees on select fee-for-service and capitated medical claims. although we could attempt to mitigate or cover our exposure from such increased costs through, among other things, increases in premiums, there can be no assurance that we will be able to mitigate or cover all of such costs, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
we are subject to the credit risk of our reinsurers.
we enter into reinsurance arrangements with other insurance companies, primarily to limit losses from large exposures or to permit recovery of a portion of direct losses. we also may enter into reinsurance arrangements in connection with acquisition or divestiture transactions when the underwriting company is not being acquired or sold.
under all reinsurance arrangements, reinsurers assume insured losses, subject to certain limitations or exceptions that may include a loss limit. these arrangements also subject us to various obligations, representations and warranties with the reinsurers. reinsurance does not relieve us of liability as the originating insurer. we remain liable to the underlying policyholders if a reinsurer defaults on obligations under the reinsurance arrangement. although we regularly evaluate the financial condition of reinsurers to minimize exposure to significant losses from reinsurer insolvencies, reinsurers may become financially unsound. if a reinsurer fails to meet its obligations under the reinsurance contract or if the liabilities exceed any applicable loss limit, we will be forced to cover the claims on the reinsured policies.
the collectability of amounts due from reinsurers is subject to uncertainty arising from a number of factors, including whether the insured losses meet the qualifying conditions of the reinsurance contract, whether reinsurers or their affiliates have the financial capacity and willingness to make payments under the terms of the reinsurance contract and the magnitude and type of collateral supporting our reinsurance recoverable, such as holding sufficient qualifying assets in trusts or letters of credit issued. although a portion of our reinsurance exposures are secured, the inability to collect a material recovery from a reinsurer could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
part i item 1b. unresolved staff comments
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
liquidity and capital resources      48
critical accounting estimates        52
group disability and other           60
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a") is intended to provide information to assist you in better understanding and evaluating our financial condition and results of operations. we encourage you to read this md&a in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k ("form 10-k") and the "risk factors" contained in part i, item 1a of this form 10-k.
unless otherwise indicated, financial information in the md&a is presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america ("gaap"). see note 2 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the company's significant accounting policies. in some of our financial tables in this md&a, we present either percentage changes or "n/m" when those changes are so large as to become not meaningful. changes in percentages are expressed in basis points ("bps").
in this md&a, our consolidated measures "adjusted income from operations," earnings per share on that same basis, and "adjusted revenues" are not determined in accordance with gaap and should not be viewed as substitutes for the most directly comparable gaap measures "shareholders' net income," "earnings per share" and "total revenues." as discussed in note 21, we also use pre-tax adjusted income from operations and adjusted revenues to measure the results of our segments.
we use adjusted income from operations as our principal financial measure of operating performance because management believes it best reflects the underlying results of our business operations and permits analysis of trends in underlying revenue, expenses and profitability. we define adjusted income from operations as shareholders' net income (or income before taxes for the segment metric) excluding realized investment gains and losses, amortization of acquired intangible assets, results of anthem, inc. and coventry health care inc. ("coventry") (collectively, the "transitioning clients") (see the "key transactions and developments" section of the md&a for further discussion of transitioning clients) and special items. beginning in 2018, cigna's share of certain realized investment results of its joint ventures reported using the equity method of accounting are also excluded. income or expense amounts excluded from adjusted income from operations because they are not indicative of underlying performance or the responsibility of operating segment management include:
realized investment gains (losses), including changes in market values of certain financial instruments between balance sheet dates, as well as gains and losses associated with invested asset sales.
amortization of acquired intangible assets, because these relate to costs incurred for acquisitions.
results of transitioning clients, because those results are not indicative of ongoing results.
special items, if any, that management believes are not representative of the underlying results of operations due to the nature or size of these matters. see note 21 to the consolidated financial statements for descriptions of special items.
adjusted revenues is defined as total revenues excluding the following adjustments: revenue contributions from transitioning clients, special items and, beginning in 2018, cigna's share of certain realized investment results of its joint ventures reported using the equity method of accounting.
cigna corporation, together with its subsidiaries (either individually or collectively referred to as "cigna," the "company," "we," "our" or "us") is a global health service organization dedicated to a mission of helping those we serve improve their health, well-being and peace of mind. our evolved strategy in support of our mission is go deeper, go local, go beyond using a differentiated set of medical, pharmacy, dental, disability, life and accident insurance and related products and services offered by our subsidiaries. for further information on our business and strategy, see item 1, "business" in this form 10-k.
as described more fully in note 3 to our consolidated financial statements, on march 8, 2018, we entered into a merger agreement with express scripts holding company ("express scripts"). following entry into the merger agreement and throughout the pendency of the transaction, cigna and express scripts designed integration plans to implement a new management and business reporting structure for the combined company upon closing. on december 20, 2018, we completed the acquisition of express scripts and, our segments have changed effective in the fourth quarter of 2018. see note 1 to our consolidated financial statements for a description of our segments. prior year financial information has been restated to reflect this new segment presentation. additionally, as described further in note 2 to the
back to contents part ii item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations consolidated financial statements, we adopted article 5 of regulation s-x issued by the securities and exchange commission effective december 31, 2018. results of 2018 include 11 days of express scripts activity beginning december 21.
group disability and other                                                     5,061               5,075               5,108                       –                     (1)
revenue contributions from transitioning clients                                 459                   –                   –                     n/m                     n/m net realized investment (losses) from equity method subsidiaries                (43)                   –                   –                     n/m                     n/m special items reported in transaction-related costs (1)                          123                   –                   –                     n/m                     n/m total revenues                                                         $48,650             $41,806             $39,838                           16%                      5%
group disability and other                                             529                 517                 275                 2                       88
adjustment for transitioning clients                                              62                   –                   –                     n/m                     n/m income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests                 14                            (2)                (20)       800                     90
special items                                                                  (879)               (520)               (330)                    (69)                    (58)
for additional information related to net investment income included in transaction-related costs, please refer to note 3 to the consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k.
back to contents part ii item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations consolidated results of operations (gaap basis)
medical costs and other benefit expenses                           27,528              25,263              24,341                2,265         9                922                 4
total benefits and expenses                                        44,490              37,864              36,750                6,626         17                     1,114         3
– adjustment for transitioning clients                                                                                   (47)                 –                     –                 (0.19)                 –                      –
special items
– charges associated with litigation matters discussed in note 19d. to our consolidated financial statements             19                   –                     25                0.08                   –                      0.10
back to contents part ii item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations earnings and revenue commentary
shareholders' net income increased in 2018 compared with 2017, primarily driven by a lower effective tax rate. income before income taxes was essentially flat, reflecting higher adjusted income from operations, largely offset by reduced realized investment results and higher special item charges due to transaction costs associated with the express scripts acquisition. in 2017, the increase in shareholders' net income as compared to 2016 was due to higher adjusted income from operations, with special item charges for debt extinguishment costs and charges resulting from u.s. tax reform partially offsetting the increase.
adjusted income from operations increased in 2018 compared with 2017, primarily due to earnings growth across all of our segments, including contributions from the acquired express scripts business and the lower effective tax rate in 2018. in 2017, the increase in adjusted income from operations compared with 2016 was due to earnings growth across all of our segments.
medical customers increased in both 2018 and 2017, compared with each prior year primarily resulting from growth in the commercial and government segments. see the integrated medical segment section for additional discussion.
revenues increased in both 2018 and 2017, primarily due to business growth in the integrated medical and international markets segments. in 2018, revenues from the acquired express scripts business of $2.6 billion also contributed to the increase. detailed revenue items are discussed further below.
•premiums increased in 2018 compared with 2017, primarily reflecting customer growth in integrated medical including contributions from specialty products as well as growth in international markets. also contributing to the increase were higher premium rates in our integrated medical segment driven by: 1) underlying medical trend; 2) suspension of the government's cost share reduction subsidies; and 3) resumption of the health insurance industry tax. the increase in 2017 compared with 2016 primarily resulted from customer growth in the commercial segment and in international markets, partially offset by decreases in government segment premiums due to medicare disenrollment.
•pharmacy revenues increased in 2018 compared with 2017 primarily resulting from contributions from the acquired express scripts business. see the health services section of this md&a for further discussion of pharmacy revenues and costs.
compared with each prior year were primarily attributable to growth in our specialty businesses and an increased customer base for our administrative services only ("aso") business. in 2018, contributions from the acquired express scripts business also contributed to the increase.
•net investment income was higher in 2018 compared with 2017, reflecting growth in average assets and higher yields, largely driven by increased partnership income. net investment income in 2018 also included $123 million earned from proceeds on the debt issued in september 2018 that is reported as a special item. those debt proceeds were used to finance the express scripts acquisition on december 20, 2018. in 2017, net investment income increased compared with 2016, driven by growth in average invested assets, partially offset by lower yields.
medical costs and other benefit expenses increased in both 2018 and 2017, compared with the prior year, reflecting customer growth in integrated medical and international markets, as well as medical cost inflation in integrated medical.
selling, general and administrative expenses increased in 2018 compared with 2017, driven by higher transaction-related costs associated with the acquisition of express scripts, resumption of the health insurance industry tax and volume-based expenses reflecting business growth. in 2017, the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses compared with 2016 reflected a long-term care guaranty fund assessment and higher volume-based expenses reflecting business growth. these increases were offset by suspension of the health insurance industry tax in 2017 and a reduction in costs related to our center for medicare and medicaid services ("cms") audit response.
amortization of acquired intangible assets increased in 2018 compared with 2017, primarily reflecting the impact of the acquired express scripts business. the decrease in 2017 compared with 2016 was driven by the expected continuing decline in amortization from our 2012 acquisition of healthspring, inc.
interest expense and other increased significantly in 2018 compared with 2017, primarily due to $227 million of interest incurred on debt issued in the third quarter of 2018 prior to the acquisition of express scripts. this amount is included in the overall special item for transaction-related costs, net of $123 million of investment income earned on the debt proceeds through the closing date of the transaction.
realized investment results  declined significantly in 2018 compared with 2017, resulting from lower gains on sales of alternative, partnership and fixed maturity investments as well as mark-to-market losses on equity securities reported in net income as required by accounting standards update 2016-01, recognition and measurement of financial assets and liabilities, beginning in 2018 (see note 2 to our consolidated financial statements). in 2017, realized investment results increased compared with 2016, primarily due to higher gains on sales of alternative and real estate investments, as well as lower impairment losses.
the consolidated effective tax rate  decreased in 2018 compared with 2017, primarily due to a lower u.s. tax rate in 2018, partially offset by resumption of the non-deductible health insurance industry tax and the absence of the incremental tax benefit recognized in the second quarter of 2017 for certain transaction costs associated with the terminated merger with anthem. in 2017, the effective tax rate was flat compared with 2016. the unfavorable impact of additional tax expense associated with the u.s. tax reform legislation enacted in 2017 was offset by favorable effects of a suspension of the health insurance industry tax in 2017 and an incremental tax benefit from previously non-deductible transaction-related costs. see note 18 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
part ii item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations key transactions and developments
acquisition of express scripts as discussed in more detail in note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, cigna acquired express scripts on december 20, 2018 in a cash and stock transaction valued at $52.8 billion. see the "liquidity" section of this md&a for further discussion of the financing of this transaction.
we incurred a significant amount of costs related to this acquisition, both before and after closing. these costs are being reported in "transaction-related costs" as a special item and excluded from adjusted income from operations. the results of express scripts are included in cigna's consolidated financial information from the date of the acquisition.
on january 30, 2019, anthem exercised its early termination right and terminated the pharmacy benefit management services agreement with us, effective march 1, 2019. there is a twelve-month transition period ending march 1, 2020. it is expected that the transition of anthem's customers will occur at various dates, as informed by anthem's technology platform migration schedule. over the next twelve months, we will focus on an effective transition of this relationship and related services over anthem's accelerated timeline. we exclude the results of express scripts' contract with anthem (and also coventry) from our non-gaap reporting metric "adjusted income from operations." we refer to this adjustment as "transitioning clients."
back to contents part ii item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations health care industry developments and other matters affecting our integrated medical and health services segments
the "regulation" section of this form 10-k provides a detailed description of the patient protection and affordable care act provisions and other legislative initiatives that impact our health care business, including regulations issued by cms and the departments of the treasury and health and human services ("hhs"). the table presented below provides an update of the impact of these items and other matters affecting our integrated medical and health services segments as of december 31, 2018.
item                                     description medicare advantage                       medicare star quality ratings ("star ratings"): medicare advantage ("ma") plans must have a star rating of four stars or greater to qualify for bonus payments. approximately 60% of our medicare advantage customers were in a four star or greater plan for bonus payments received in 2018. we expect this percentage to increase to 72% for bonus payments to be received in 2019 and to 76% in 2020.
risk adjustment validation ("radv") audits: as discussed in the "regulation" and "risk factors" sections of this form 10-k, our ma business is subject to reviews, including radv audits. in 2012, cms released a payment methodology that provided for sample audit error rates to be extrapolated to the entire ma contract after comparing audit results to a similar audit of medicare fee for service (the "ffs adjuster"), including any errors in the medicare ffs data. this comparison is necessary to determine the true economic impact of the audit, if any, because the government uses the medicare ffs data to determine adjustments to ma payment rates for various health conditions to establish actuarial equivalency in payment rates as required by the medicare statute.
in the fourth quarter of 2018, cms issued a proposed rule that included, among other things, extrapolation of the error rate related to audit findings without applying the ffs adjuster. this rule is discussed further in the regulation section of this form 10-k on page 20. if adopted in its current form, the rule could have a detrimental impact to all medicare advantage insurers and affect the ability of plans to deliver high quality health care for the population served. while it is uncertain that cms will issue the rule as proposed, if they did, it could have a material impact on the company's future results of operations.
health care reform act tax               health insurance industry tax: federal legislation imposed a moratorium on the health insurance industry tax for 2017 and 2019. the industry tax was assessed in 2018 and, under current law, will be imposed in 2020. the industry tax for cigna in 2018 was $370 million ($205 million for commercial and $165 million for government). for our commercial business, the tax was reflected in our 2018 premium rates and did not have a material effect on shareholders' net income in 2018. for our medicare business, the earnings impact in 2018 resulting from this renewed tax was somewhat offset with benefit and pricing changes. because this tax is not deductible for federal income tax purposes, it negatively impacted our effective tax rate in 2018.
cost sharing reduction subsidies: the patient protection and the affordable care act ("aca") provides for cost sharing reductions that offset the amount that qualifying customers pay for deductibles, copayments and coinsurance. the federal government provided funding for the cost sharing reduction subsidies to the qualifying customer's insurer until october 2017 when these payments were stopped. the attorneys general of 18 states and the district of columbia sued the current administration, seeking to require the administration to continue paying these subsidies. in october 2017, the court denied the attorney generals' request for an injunction, allowing the government to stop paying the cost sharing reduction subsidies to insurers during the pendency of the matter. in july 2018, the court granted a motion by the states to dismiss the lawsuit without prejudice, meaning the states may refile a lawsuit at a later time. certain insurers have sued the federal government for failure to pay cost sharing reduction subsidies as well, and a judge in two of those actions has ruled in favor of the insurers. we will continue to monitor developments. our premium rates for the 2018 and 2019 plan years reflect the government's decision to cease paying these subsidies.
prescription drug pricing                as discussed in the regulation section on page 20 of this form 10-k, prescription drug pricing and the role of pharmacy benefit managers have been a focus of the current administration. in february 2019, the hhs proposed changes to the federal anti-kickback safe harbor to exclude regulatory protection for rebates between drug manufacturers and medicare part d plans, medicaid managed care organizations and pharmacy benefit managers in the context of these government programs. the proposed regulations in their current form apply solely to medicare part d and medicaid programs that include our government business in the integrated medical segment. the proposed regulations also seek to create new safe harbor protections for fixed fee services arrangements between drug manufacturers and pharmacy benefit managers, as well as protections for discounts offered at the point of sale. these proposed regulations, if adopted as written, could affect current industry practices. we do not expect them to have a material effect on our business or results of operations. this area continues to be the subject of legislative and regulatory activity.
part ii item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations risk mitigation programs
in 2016, we recorded an allowance for the balance of our risk corridor receivable based on court decisions and the large program deficit. during 2018, the u.s. federal circuit court ruled that health insurers are not entitled to receive amounts due under the risk corridor program that have been withheld by congress. the plaintiffs have petitioned the u.s. supreme court to review this unfavorable decision. as of december 31, 2018, we continue to carry this allowance of $109 million based on the current status of court decisions.
risk adjustment balances are subject to audit and adjustment by cms following each program year. in february 2018, a federal judge issued a decision invalidating the use of statewide average premium for risk adjustment purposes. in response, in july 2018, cms issued a final rule clarifying the 2017 program methodology and addressing issues raised in the ruling by the federal judge. this rule clears the way for cms to resume risk adjustment collections and payments for the 2017 program year. despite this final rule, resolution of the legal matter remains uncertain. as of december 31, 2018, our financial statements reflect the risk adjustment balances for the 2018 and 2017 plan years under the rules currently in effect for the program.
the following table presents our balances associated with the risk adjustment program as of december 31, 2018 and 2017.
payables are reported in accrued expenses and other liabilities (current) in the consolidated balance sheets.
after-tax charges for the risk adjustment program were $116 million in 2018 and $105 million in 2017, compared with after-tax benefits of $25 million in 2016.
liquidity and capital resources
shareholders' equity              $41,028         $13,711         $13,699
liquidity
we maintain liquidity at two levels: the subsidiary level and the parent company level.
liquidity requirements at the subsidiary level generally consist of:
• medical costs, pharmacy and other benefit payments; • expense requirements, primarily for employee compensation and benefits, information technology and facilities costs; and • income taxes.
• maintaining appropriate levels of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments; • using cash flows from operating activities;
• matching investment durations to those estimated for the related insurance and contractholder liabilities; • selling investments; and
• borrowing from affiliates, subject to applicable regulatory limits.
liquidity requirements at the parent company level generally consist of:
the parent company normally meets its liquidity requirements by:
• maintaining appropriate levels of cash and various types of marketable investments; • collecting dividends from its subsidiaries;
• using proceeds from issuance of debt and common stock; and • borrowing from its subsidiaries, subject to applicable regulatory limits.
dividends from our insurance, health maintenance organization ("hmo") and foreign subsidiaries are subject to regulatory restrictions. see note 17 to the consolidated financial statements for additional discussion of these restrictions. because most of express scripts' subsidiaries are not subject to regulatory restrictions on paying dividends, acquiring express scripts provides significantly increased financial flexibility to cigna.
back to contents part ii item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations cash flows for the years ended december 31, were as follows:
net cash provided by operating activities                        $3,770               $4,086              $4,026
net cash (used in) investing activities:
other acquisitions                                                        (393)             (209)                   (4)
net investing activities                                               (26,378)             (1,703)             (2,574)
net cash provided by (used in) financing activities debt proceeds used to finance express scripts acquisition                22,856             –                         –
net financing activities                                                 23,515             (2,651)               (225)
operating activities cash flows from operating activities consist principally of cash receipts and disbursements for premiums, fees, pharmacy revenues and costs, investment income, taxes, benefit costs and other expenses.
cash flows from operating activities decreased in 2018 compared with 2017 primarily driven by the timing of settlement of pharmacy payables, partially offset by higher net income.
cash flows from operating activities increased slightly in 2017 compared with 2016 primarily driven by higher net income, partially offset by lower receipts from medicare part d and medicare advantage programs and a voluntary pension contribution of $150 million in 2017.
investing and financing activities our most significant investing and financing activities of 2018 related to acquiring express scripts. see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on the acquisition. cigna financed a portion of the acquisition in cash, primarily with debt financing as shown above and described more fully in note 5 to the consolidated financial statements, with the remaining required cash coming from cash on hand. in 2018, cigna also acquired onepath life for approximately $480 million, largely with cash held in our foreign operations.
net investment purchases increased in 2018 compared with 2017, largely due to reinvesting our cash flows into fixed income investments. the decrease in net investment purchases in 2017 compared with 2016 primarily reflects higher cash used for share repurchases in 2017.
stock repurchases declined in 2018 compared with 2017 as cigna suspended stock repurchase activity to provide liquidity for the express scripts acquisition. stock repurchase activity was significantly higher in 2017 than 2016, as stock repurchase activity was suspended for much of 2016 during the pendency of the anthem transaction.
we maintain a share repurchase program authorized by our board of directors. under this program, we may repurchase shares from time to time, depending on market conditions and alternate uses of capital. the timing and actual number of shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including price, general business and market conditions and alternate uses of capital. the share repurchase program may be effected through open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions in compliance with rule 10b-18 under the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended, including through rule 10b5-1 trading plans. the program may be suspended or discontinued at any time.
in 2018, we repurchased 1.6 million shares for approximately $330 million. from january 1, 2019 through february 27, 2019 we repurchased 1.9 million shares for approximately $356 million. the remaining share repurchase authority as of february 27, 2019 was $590 million. we repurchased 15.7 million shares for $2.8 billion in 2017 and 0.8 million shares for $110 million in 2016.
capital resources
our capital resources (primarily cash flows from operating activities and proceeds from the issuance of debt and equity securities) provide protection for policyholders, furnish the financial strength to underwrite insurance risks and facilitate continued business growth.
our acquisition of express scripts increased our debt and shareholders' equity in 2018 as follows:
stock.  express scripts shareholders received 0.2434 of a share of common stock of cigna for every one share of express scripts. cigna issued 137.6 million additional shares to express scripts shareholders.
debt.  see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for further description of the debt issued to finance the acquisition.
assumption of express scripts senior notes.  see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for further description of the notes assumed in the acquisition of express scripts.
at december 31, 2018, our debt-to-capitalization ratio was 50.9%. we expect to deleverage to the upper 30s within 18 to 24 months by using cash flows from operating activities.
back to contents part ii item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations cigna entered into a new revolving credit agreement and term loan credit agreement in financing the express scripts acquisition. a select number of subsidiaries guarantee cigna obligations under the revolving credit agreement and the term loan credit agreement. see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on these guarantees, as well as information on our revolving credit agreement and the term loan credit agreement. cigna had $22 million of letters of credit outstanding as of december 31, 2018.
management, guided by regulatory requirements and rating agency capital guidelines, determines the amount of capital resources that we maintain. management allocates resources to new long-term business commitments when returns, considering the risks, look promising and when the resources available to support existing business are adequate.
we prioritize our use of capital resources to:
provide the capital necessary to support growth and maintain or improve the financial strength ratings of subsidiaries and to fund pension obligations;
consider acquisitions that are strategically and economically advantageous; and
return capital to investors primarily through share repurchases.
we continue to maintain a capital management strategy to retain overseas a significant portion of the earnings from our foreign operations. these undistributed earnings are deployed outside of the united states predominantly in support of the liquidity and regulatory capital requirements of our foreign operations as well as to support growth initiatives overseas. this strategy does not materially limit our ability to meet our liquidity and capital needs in the united states.
liquidity and capital resources outlook
at december 31, 2018, there was approximately $4.2 billion in cash and short-term investments, $1.2 billion of which was held by the parent or subsidiaries with no regulatory or other restrictions on transferring cash to the parent via dividend or loan. in 2019, we expect to generate an additional $6.2 billion of capital available for deployment, including $2.1 billion of dividends that our regulated insurance companies may pay without prior regulatory approval. the parent company's cash obligations in 2019 are expected to approximate $3.2 billion primarily for repayment of debt, interest and anticipated dividends. we expect to re-issue the $1.5 billion commercial paper borrowing upon its maturity.
we expect to have sufficient liquidity to meet the obligations discussed above, based on the cash currently available to the parent and current projections for subsidiary dividends and cash flows from the newly acquired express scripts operations. in addition, we actively monitor our debt obligations and engage in issuance or redemption activities as needed in accordance with our capital management strategy.
our cash projections may not be realized and the demand for funds could exceed available cash if our ongoing businesses experience unexpected shortfalls in earnings, or we experience material adverse effects from one or more risks or uncertainties described more fully in the risk factors section of this form 10-k. in those cases, we expect to have the flexibility to satisfy liquidity needs through a variety of measures, including intercompany borrowings. the parent company can borrow an additional $650 million from its insurance subsidiaries without additional state approval. we have additional liquidity available through short-term commercial paper borrowing capacity and the $3.25 billion revolving credit agreement discussed in note 5 to the consolidated financial statements.
as of december 31, 2018, our unfunded pension liability was $590 million, reflecting a decrease of $98 million from december 31, 2017, primarily attributable to an increase in discount rates of approximately 75 basis points. contributions required in 2019 under the pension protection act of 2006 are immaterial. see note 13 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding our pension plans.
though we believe we have adequate sources of liquidity, significant disruption or volatility in the capital and credit markets could affect our ability to access those markets for additional borrowings or increase costs associated with borrowing funds.
we are contingently liable for various contractual obligations entered into in the ordinary course of business. see the "liquidity and capital resources" section of this md&a beginning on page 48 for additional background on how we manage our liquidity requirements related to these obligations. the maturities of our primary contractual cash obligations as of december 31, 2018 are estimated to be as follows:
on-balance sheet insurance liabilities contractholder deposit funds           $7,133             $619              $741               $641              $5,132
future policy benefits                       11,517       709                      1,224             1,153              8,431
other long-term liabilities                     636               137                 95                81                323
back to contents part ii item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations on balance sheet:
insurance liabilities.  excluded from the table above are $4 billion of insurance liabilities ($3 billion in contractholder deposit funds; $1 billion in future policy benefits) associated with the sold retirement benefits and individual life insurance and annuity businesses, as well as the reinsured workers' compensation, personal accident and supplemental benefits businesses as their related net cash flows are not expected to impact our cash flows. excluding these amounts, the sum of the obligations presented above exceeds the corresponding insurance and contractholder liabilities of $22 billion recorded on the balance sheet because some of the recorded insurance liabilities reflect discounting for interest and the recorded contractholder liabilities exclude future interest crediting, charges and fees. the timing and amount of actual future cash flows may differ from those presented above.
•contractholder deposit funds: see note 7 to our consolidated financial statements for our accounting policy for this liability. expected future cash flows presented above also include estimated future interest crediting on current fund balances based on current investment yields less the estimated cost of insurance charges and mortality and administrative fees for universal life policies.
•future policy benefits and unpaid claims and claim expenses: see note 7 to our consolidated financial statements for our accounting policies for these liabilities. expected future cash flows for these liabilities presented in the table above are undiscounted. the expected future cash flows for guaranteed minimum death benefit ("gmdb," reported in future policy benefits) do not consider any of the related reinsurance arrangements.
long-term debt includes scheduled interest payments. capital leases are included in long-term debt and primarily represent obligations for information technology network storage, servers and equipment.
other non-current liabilities include estimated payments for guaranteed minimum income benefit ("gmib") contracts (without considering any related reinsurance arrangements), pension and other postretirement and postemployment benefit obligations, supplemental and deferred compensation plans, interest rate and foreign currency swap contracts, and reinsurance liabilities. estimated payments of $78 million for deferred compensation, non-qualified and international pension plans and other postretirement and postemployment benefit plans are expected to be paid in less than one year and are included in the table above. we expect to make immaterial contributions to the qualified domestic pension plans during 2019 and they are reflected in the above table. we expect to make payments subsequent to 2019 for these obligations; however, subsequent payments have been excluded from the table as their timing is based on plan assumptions that may materially differ from actual activities. see note 13 to our consolidated financial statements for further information on pension and other postretirement benefit obligations.
the liability for uncertain tax positions that could result in future payments was $928 million as of december 31, 2018. this amount has been excluded from the table above because we are not able to provide a reasonably reliable estimate of the timing of such future tax payments. see note 18 for additional information on uncertain tax positions.
purchase obligations.   as of december 31, 2018, purchase obligations consisted of estimated payments required under contractual arrangements for future services and investment commitments as follows:
fixed maturities                                               $106
limited liability entities (other long-term investments)             1,472
total investment commitments                                         1,632
future service commitments                                             663
see note 9 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
our estimated future service commitments primarily represent contracts for certain outsourced business processes and information technology maintenance and support. we generally have the ability to terminate these agreements, but do not anticipate doing so at this time. purchase obligations exclude contracts that are cancelable without penalty and those that do not contractually require minimum levels of goods or services to be purchased.
operating leases.   for additional information, see note 16 to our consolidated financial statements.
we are contingently liable for various financial and other guarantees provided in the ordinary course of business. see note 19 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information on guarantees.
part ii item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations critical accounting estimates
the preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with gaap requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts and related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. management considers an accounting estimate to be critical if:
it requires assumptions to be made that were uncertain at the time the estimate was made; and
changes in the estimate or different estimates that could have been selected could have a material effect on our consolidated results of operations or financial condition.
management has discussed how critical accounting estimates are developed and selected with the audit committee of our board of directors and the audit committee has reviewed the disclosures presented below.
in addition to the estimates presented in the following table, there are other accounting estimates used in preparing our consolidated financial statements, including estimates of liabilities for future policy benefits, as well as estimates with respect to postemployment and postretirement benefits other than pensions, certain compensation accruals, and income taxes.
management believes the current assumptions used to estimate amounts reflected in our consolidated financial statements are appropriate. however, if actual experience differs from the assumptions used in estimating amounts reflected in our consolidated financial statements, the resulting changes could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations and, in certain situations, could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and financial condition. the table below presents the adverse impacts of certain possible changes in assumptions. the effect of assumption changes in the opposite direction would be a positive impact to our consolidated results of operations, liquidity or financial condition, except for assessing impairment of goodwill and fixed maturities carried at a fair value below cost. the tax rate used to calculate the after-tax impact of assumption changes is based on the new corporate income tax rate discussed in the "key developments" section of this md&a.
back to contents part ii item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations see note 2 to our consolidated financial statements for further information on significant accounting policies.
goodwill and other intangible assets goodwill represents the excess of the cost of businesses acquired over the fair value of their net assets at the acquisition date. intangible assets primarily reflect the value of customer relationships and other intangibles acquired in business            if we do not achieve our earnings objectives or our cost of capital rises significantly, the assumptions and estimates underlying these impairment evaluations could be adversely affected and result in future impairment charges that would negatively combinations. fair values of reporting units are estimated using models and assumptions that we believe a hypothetical market participant would use to determine a current                                                                                       impact our operating results. except for the recent acquisitions of express scripts and onepath life, where fair value equals carrying value, based on our most recent transaction price. the significant assumptions and estimates used in determining fair value include the discount rate and future cash flows. a discount rate is used, corresponding with each reporting unit's weighted average cost of capital,                 evaluations, the fair value estimates of our reporting units exceed their carrying values by adequate margins. future changes in the funding for our medicare programs by consistent with that used for investment decisions considering the specific and detailed operating plans and strategies within each reporting unit. projections of future cash flows are consistent with our annual planning process for revenues, claims,       the federal government could materially reduce revenues and profitability in our government reporting unit and have a significant impact on its fair value.
operating expenses, taxes, capital levels and long-term growth rates. in addition to these assumptions, we consider market data to evaluate the fair value of each reporting unit. the fair value of intangibles and the amortization method were determined using an income approach that relies on projected future cash flows including key assumptions for the customer attrition and discount rates. management revises amortization periods if it believes there has been a change in the length of time that an intangible asset will continue to have value. we completed our normal annual evaluations for impairment of goodwill and intangible assets during the third quarter of 2018. the evaluations indicated that the fair value estimates of our reporting units exceed their carrying values by adequate margins and no impairment was required. as a result of the changes in our reportable segments, we reallocated existing goodwill to reporting units based on their relative fair values and updated our evaluations for impairment of goodwill. these evaluations indicated that the fair value estimates of our reporting units continue to exceed their carrying values by adequate margins and no impairments were required. during the fourth quarter of 2018, goodwill and intangible assets increased by $38.4 billion as a result of the acquiring express scripts and onepath life.
our government operating segment contracts with cms and various state governmental agencies to provide managed health care services, including medicare advantage plans and medicare-approved prescription drug plans. estimated future cash flows for this reporting unit's business incorporate the potential effects of medicare advantage reimbursement rates for 2019 and beyond as discussed in the "executive overview" section of this md&amp;a. revenues from the medicare programs are dependent, in whole or in part, upon annual funding from the federal government through cms. funding for these programs is dependent on many factors including general economic conditions, continuing government efforts to contain health care costs and budgetary constraints at the federal level and general political issues and priorities.
see note 15 to our consolidated financial statements for additional discussion of our goodwill and other intangible assets.
income taxes – uncertain tax positions we evaluate tax positions to determine whether their benefits are more likely than not to be sustained on audit based on their technical merits. if not, we establish a liability for unrecognized tax benefits. these amounts have increased               the factors that could impact our estimates of uncertain tax positions include the likelihood of being sustained upon audit based on the technical merits of the tax position and related assumed interest and penalties. if our positions are upheld significantly in 2018 as a result of acquiring express scripts. the acquired amounts primarily relate to federal and state uncertain positions of the value and timing of deductions and uncertain positions of attributing taxable income to states.       upon audit, our net income would increase.
balances that are included in other non-current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets are as follows:
• 2017 – $35 million see note 18 to our consolidated financial statements for additional discussion around uncertain tax positions.
back to contents part ii item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
pharmaceutical manufacturer receivables we bill pharmaceutical manufacturers based on management's interpretation of the contractual terms and estimate contractual allowances at the time a claim is processed for uncertainty in the amount we are entitled to collect. we determine these       actual contractual allowances could differ from our estimates due to disputes regarding contractual terms, changes in the business environment as well as factors and risks associated with specific customers. our estimates of the allowance for doubtful accounts could be impacted by changes in economic and market conditions as well as changes to our customers' financial condition.
contractual allowances by reviewing each manufacturer's payment experience and specific known items that potentially could be adjusted under contract terms. we may also record allowances for doubtful accounts based on a variety of factors including the length of time the receivables are past due, the financial health of the manufacturer and our past experience.
in determining the fair value of express scripts' accounts receivable at the acquisition date, the historical allowances were eliminated. prospectively, we expect these allowances to become significant to the consolidated financial statements.
unpaid claims and claim expenses – integrated medical unpaid claims and claim expenses include both reported claims and estimates for losses incurred but not yet reported. unpaid claims and claim expenses in integrated                                                                                            based on studies of our claim experience, it is reasonably possible that a 100 basis point change in the medical cost trend and a 50 basis point change in completion factors could occur in the near term. a 100 basis point increase in the medical cost trend rate would increase this liability by approximately $35 million, resulting in a decrease in net income of approximately medical are primarily impacted by assumptions related to completion factors and medical cost trend. changes in either assumption from actual results could impact the unpaid claims balance as noted below. a large number of factors may cause the             $30 million after-tax, and a 50 basis point decrease in completion factors would increase this liability by approximately $80 million, resulting in a decrease in net income of approximately $65 million after-tax.
medical cost trend to vary from the company's estimates, including: changes in medical management practices, changes in the level and mix of benefits offered and services utilized, and changes in medical practices. completion factors may be affected if actual claims submission rates from providers differ from estimates (that can be influenced by a number of factors, including provider mix, and electronic versus manual submissions), or if changes to the company's internal claims processing patterns occur.
these liabilities are presented above both gross and net of reinsurance and other recoverables.
see note 7 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding assumptions and methods used to estimate this liability.
back to contents part ii item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
unpaid claims and claim expenses – long-term disability reserves the liability for long-term disability reserves is the present value of estimated future benefits payments over the expected disability period and includes estimates for both reported claims and for claims incurred but not yet reported. key assumptions in the calculation of long-term disability reserves include the discount rate and claim resolution rates, both of which are reviewed annually and updated when       based on recent and historical resolution rate patterns and changes in investment portfolio yields, it is reasonably possible that a five percent change in claim resolution rates and a 25 basis point change in the discount rate could occur.
experience or future expectations would indicate a necessary change. the discount rate is the interest rate used to discount the projected future benefit payments to their present value. the discount rate assumption is based on the projected                                                                                                                                                                                 a five percent decrease in the claim resolution rate would increase long-term disability reserves by approximately $90 million and decrease net income by approximately investment yield of the assets supporting the reserves. claim resolution rate assumptions involve many factors including claimant demographics, the type of contractual benefit provided and the time since initially becoming disabled. the company uses                                                                                                                                                                         $70 million after-tax. a 25 basis point decrease in the discount rate would increase long-term disability reserves by approximately $45 million and decrease net its own historical experience to develop its claim resolution rates.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              income by approximately $35 million after-tax.
long-term disability reserves as of december 31 were as follows (in millions):
these liabilities are presented above both gross and net of reinsurance recoverables.
see note 7c. to our consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding assumptions and methods used to estimate this liability.
valuation of fixed maturity investments most fixed maturities are classified as available for sale and are carried at fair value with changes in fair value recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) within shareholders' equity. fair value is defined as the price at which an asset could be exchanged in an orderly transaction between market participants at the balance sheet date.       if the interest rates used to calculate fair value increased by 100 basis points, the fair value of the total fixed maturity portfolio of $23 billion would decrease by approximately $1.5 billion, resulting in an after-tax decrease to shareholders' equity of approximately $0.9 billion.
determining fair value for a financial instrument requires management judgment. the degree of judgment involved generally correlates to the level of pricing readily observable in the markets. financial instruments with quoted prices in active markets or with market observable inputs to determine fair value, such as public securities, generally require less judgment. conversely, private placements including more complex securities that are traded infrequently are typically measured using pricing models that require more judgment as to the inputs and assumptions used to estimate fair value. there may be a number of alternative inputs to select based on an understanding of the issuer, the structure of the security and overall market conditions. in addition, these factors are inherently variable in nature as they change frequently in response to market conditions. approximately two-thirds of our fixed maturities are public securities, and one-third are private placement securities.
typically, the most significant input in the measurement of fair value is the market interest rate used to discount the estimated future cash flows of the instrument. such market rates are derived by calculating the appropriate spreads over comparable u.s. treasury securities, based on the credit quality, industry and structure of the asset.
see notes 9a. and 10 to our consolidated financial statements for a discussion of our fair value measurements, the procedures performed by management to determine that the amounts represent appropriate estimates and our accounting policy regarding unrealized appreciation on fixed maturities.
back to contents part ii item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
assessment of "other-than-temporary" impairments on fixed maturities certain fixed maturities with a fair value below amortized cost are carried at fair value with changes in fair value recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income. for these investments, we have determined that the decline in fair value below       if we subsequently determine that the excess of amortized cost over fair value is other-than-temporary for any or all of these fixed maturities, the amount recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income would be reclassified to shareholders' net its amortized cost is temporary. to make this determination, we evaluated the expected recovery in value and our intent to sell or the likelihood of a required sale of the fixed maturity prior to an expected recovery. in making this evaluation, we       income as an impairment loss.
considered a number of general and specific factors including the regulatory, economic and market environments, length of time and severity of the decline, and the financial health and specific near term prospects of the issuer.
the after-tax amounts as of december 31 in accumulated other comprehensive income for fixed maturities in an unrealized loss position were as follows (in millions):
see note 9 to our consolidated financial statements for additional discussion of our review of declines in fair value, including information regarding our accounting policies for fixed maturities.
the following section of this md&a discusses the results of each of our segments. as a result of the express scripts acquisition, during the fourth quarter of 2018, we changed our segment reporting to reflect the new management and business reporting structure of the combined company. prior year financial information has been restated to conform to the new segment presentation. see note 1 to our consolidated financial statements for a description of our segments.
in segment discussions, we present adjusted revenues and "pre-tax adjusted income from operations," defined as income before taxes excluding realized investment gains (losses), amortization of acquired intangible assets, results of transitioning clients and special items. ratios presented in this segment discussion exclude the same items as adjusted income from operations. see note 21 to our consolidated financial statements for additional discussion of these metrics and a reconciliation of income before income taxes to pre-tax adjusted income from operations.
the integrated medical segment includes the businesses previously reported in "global health care" except as follows: 1) international health care products are now reported in the international markets segment; 2) mail order pharmacy business is now reported in the health services segment; and 3) medicare supplement business previously reported in "global supplemental benefits" is now reported in integrated medical.
the business section of this form 10-k (see the "integrated medical" section beginning on page 3) describes the various products and funding solutions offered by this segment, including the various revenue sources. as described in the introduction to segment reporting above, performance of the integrated medical segment is measured using pre-tax adjusted income from operations. key factors affecting profitability for this segment include:
percentage of medicare advantage customers in plans eligible for quality bonus payments;
benefit expenses as a percentage of premiums (medical care ratio or "mcr") for our insured commercial and government businesses; and
we adopted new accounting guidance for revenue recognition effective january 1, 2018. prior year revenues along with adjusted margin and both the medical care and expense ratios for the integrated medical segment have been retrospectively adjusted to conform to this new basis of accounting. see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
back to contents part ii item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations results of operations financial summary
pre-tax adjusted income from operations increased, reflecting higher earnings in both our commercial and government operating segments. the increase in the commercial segment reflects customer growth including increased contributions from our specialty products. the government segment's earnings growth reflects lower operating expenses related to the moratorium of the health insurance industry tax in 2017 and our 2016 cms audit response as well as favorable claims experience in our individual business, partially offset by lower customer enrollment in our medicare advantage business. pre-tax adjusted income from operations included favorable prior year reserve development of $148 million for 2017; prior year reserve development in 2016 was not material.
expense ratio.   the expense ratio decreased, reflecting suspension of the health insurance industry tax in 2017 and lower costs related to our 2016 cms audit response.
other items affecting integrated medical results unpaid claims and claim expenses unpaid claims and claim expenses were higher as of december 31, 2018 compared with 2017 and were higher as of december 31, 2017 compared with 2016, primarily due to customer growth and medical cost trend. see note 7 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
part ii item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations medical customers a medical customer is defined as a person meeting any one of the following criteria:
our medical customer base was higher at december 31, 2018 compared to december 31, 2017, primarily reflecting growth across our targeted commercial markets as well as our government segment businesses. our medical customer base increased as of december 31, 2017 compared with 2016, reflecting growth across our commercial and government segments. the government segment growth was primarily driven by our medicare supplement and individual businesses, partially offset by declines in our medicare advantage business.
we established the health services segment to include the pharmacy benefit management ("pbm") and health services operations of express scripts effective with the acquisition, as well as cigna's legacy mail order pharmacy business. as described in the introduction to segment reporting on page 56, performance of the health services segment is measured using pre-tax adjusted income from operations.
the key factors that impact health services revenues and costs of revenues are volume, mix and price. these key factors are discussed further below. see note 2 for additional information on revenue and cost recognition policies for this segment.
as our clients' claim volumes increase or decrease, our resulting revenues and cost of revenues correspondingly increase or decrease. our gross profit could also increase or decrease as a result of changes in purchasing discounts.
the mix of claims generally considers the type of drug and distribution method used for dispensing and fulfilling. as our mix of drugs changes, our resulting pharmacy revenues and cost of revenues correspondingly may increase or decrease. the primary driver of fluctuations within our mix of claims is the generic fill rate. generally, higher generic fill rates reduce revenues, as generic drugs are typically priced lower than the branded drugs they replace. however, as ingredient cost paid to pharmacies on generic drugs is incrementally lower than the price charged to our clients, higher generic fill rates generally have a favorable impact on our gross profit. the home delivery generic fill rate is currently lower than the network generic fill rate as fewer generic substitutions are available among maintenance medications (such as therapies for chronic conditions) commonly dispensed from home delivery pharmacies as compared to acute medications that are primarily dispensed by pharmacies in our retail networks.
our contract pricing is impacted by our ability to negotiate contracts for pharmacy network, pharmaceutical and wholesaler purchasing, and manufacturer rebates. we are able to reduce the rate of drug price increases and, in some cases, lower our clients' prescription drug spend through our integrated set of solutions, including sharing of significant amounts of pharmaceutical manufacturer rebates with our clients. we refer to this as "management of the supply chain." inflation also impacts our pricing because most of our contracts provide that we bill clients and pay pharmacies based on a generally recognized price index for pharmaceuticals. therefore, the rate of inflation for prescription drugs and our efforts to manage this inflation for our clients can affect our revenues and cost of revenues.
in this md&a, we present revenues, gross profit and pre-tax adjusted income from operations "excluding transitioning clients" in addition to those metrics including transitioning clients. see the "key transactions and developments" section on page 46 of this md&a for further discussion of transitioning clients and why we present this information.
less: revenue contributions from transitioning clients             (459   )          -                -               (459   )            n/m            -                 n/m adjusted revenues                                            $6,606            $4,241           $4,066          $2,365                    56        $175                   4
gross profit                                                 $604              $371             $344            $233                63              $27              8
gross profit excluding transitioning clients                 $531              $371             $344            $160                      43        $27                    8
back to contents part ii item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
adjusted revenues increased, primarily due to the acquisition of express scripts. excluding the acquired business, revenues increased slightly, reflecting increased utilization of specialty medications and higher prices.
pre-tax adjusted income from operations before taxes increased, due to the acquisition of express scripts. excluding the acquired business, adjusted income from operations increased, reflecting volume growth due to increased specialty utilization and net savings related to management of supply chain.
as described in the business section of this form 10-k, the international markets segment includes supplemental health, life and accident business previously reported in the "global supplemental benefits" segment, except for medicare supplement business that is now reported in the integrated medical segment and certain international businesses in run-off that are now reported in group disability and other. international health care products previously reported in the "global health care" segment are now reported in international markets.
benefit expenses as a percentage of premiums (loss ratio);
selling, general and administrative expense and acquisition expense as a percentage of revenues (expense ratio and acquisition cost ratio); and
pre-tax adjusted margin                                 13.7   %          13.3   %          11.9   %        40    bps                         140   bps loss ratio                                        57.4         %    57.5         %    60.0         %        (10   )bps                   250        bps acquisition cost ratio                                  13.1   %          12.8   %          12.9   %        30    bps                         10    bps expense ratio (excluding acquisition costs)       18.9         %    19.7         %    19.1         %        (80   )bps                        (60   )bps
pre-tax adjusted income from operations increased primarily due to business growth, largely in south korea, and a lower expense ratio, partially offset by a less favorable acquisition cost ratio.
the acquisition cost ratio increased due to higher amortization primarily in korea and taiwan.
the decrease in the expense ratio (excluding acquisition costs) was primarily driven by lower value added tax and disciplined expense management.
back to contents part ii item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
the acquisition cost ratio decreased slightly due to lower spending in certain markets.
the increase in the expense ratio (excluding acquisition costs) was primarily driven by strategic investment in the middle east and higher value added tax, partially offset by strong expense management.
other items affecting international markets results south korea is the single largest geographic market for our international markets segment. south korea generated 40% of the segment's revenues and 68% of the segment's pre-tax adjusted income from operations in 2018. in 2018, our international markets segment operations in south korea represented 5% of our consolidated revenues and 11% of consolidated pre-tax adjusted income from operations.
group disability and other
group disability and other includes the results of the business previously reported in the "group disability and life" segment and "other operations" comprising the corporate-owned life insurance ("coli") business along with run-off of the following businesses: 1) reinsurance; 2) settlement annuity; and 3) the sold individual life insurance and annuity and retirement benefits businesses. in addition, certain international run-off business previously reported in the "global supplemental benefits" segment is now reported in group disability and other.
as described in the introduction of segment reporting on page 56, performance of group disability and other is measured using pre-tax adjusted income from operations. key factors affecting pre-tax adjusted income from operations are:
benefit expenses as a percentage of premiums (loss ratio); and
adjusted revenues decreased slightly, due to the continued run-off of international business and lower life premiums, mostly offset by moderate growth in the group disability business and higher investment income.
pre-tax adjusted income from operations increased, reflecting improved results in the life business and run-off operations, partially offset by unfavorable disability claims experience.
adjusted revenues were relatively flat, with higher investment income driven by higher asset levels offset by cancelations in non-core specialty and association products.
pre-tax adjusted income from operations increased, reflecting significantly improved claim experience in the group disability and life segment.
part ii item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations corporate
corporate reflects amounts not allocated to operating segments, including net interest expense (defined as interest on corporate debt less net investment income on investments not supporting segment and other operations), certain litigation matters, compensation cost for stock options, expense associated with our frozen pension plans, charitable contributions, severance, certain overhead and project costs and intersegment eliminations for products and services sold between segments.
pre-tax adjusted loss from operations was higher, primarily due to higher charitable contributions and operating expenses, partially offset by higher net investment income.
the following table presents our invested asset portfolio, excluding separate account assets, as of december 31, 2018 and 2017. additional information regarding our investment assets and related accounting policies is included in notes 2, 9, 10, 11, and 12 to our consolidated financial statements.
fixed maturities                  $22,928           $23,138
equity securities                 548               588
fixed maturities
investments in fixed maturities include publicly traded and privately placed debt securities, mortgage and other asset-backed securities and preferred stocks redeemable by the investor. these investments are classified as available for sale and are carried at fair value on our balance sheet. additional information regarding valuation methodologies, key inputs and controls is included in note 10 to our consolidated financial statements. more detailed information about fixed maturities by type of issuer and maturity dates is included in note 9 to our consolidated financial statements.
the following table reflects our fixed maturity portfolio by type of issuer as of december 31, 2018 and 2017.
the fixed maturity portfolio decreased during 2018, reflecting decreased valuations due to increases in market yields and weakening foreign currencies, partially offset by increased investment in fixed maturities. as of december 31, 2018, $20.6 billion, or 90% of the fixed maturities in our investment portfolio were investment grade (baa and above, or equivalent), and the remaining $2.3 billion were below investment grade. the majority of the bonds that are below investment grade are rated at the higher end of the non-investment grade spectrum. these quality characteristics have not materially changed from the prior year and are consistent with our investment strategy. fixed maturity investments are diversified by issuer, geography, and industry as appropriate.
foreign government obligations are concentrated in asia, primarily south korea, consistent with our risk management practice and local regulatory requirements of our international business operations. corporate fixed maturities include private placement assets of $6 billion.
back to contents part ii item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations these investments are generally less marketable than publicly-traded bonds; however yields on these investments tend to be higher than yields on publicly-traded bonds with comparable credit risk. we perform a credit analysis of each issuer, and require financial and other covenants that allow us to monitor issuers for deteriorating financial strength and pursue remedial actions, if warranted.
in addition to amounts classified in fixed maturities on our consolidated balance sheets, we participate in an insurance joint venture in china in which we have a 50% ownership interest. we account for this joint venture on the equity basis of accounting and report it in other assets. this entity had an investment portfolio of approximately $6.3 billion supporting this business that is primarily invested in chinese corporate and government fixed maturities. there were no investments with a material unrealized loss as of december 31, 2018.
our commercial mortgage loans are fixed rate loans, diversified by property type, location and borrower. loans are secured by high quality commercial properties and are generally made at less than 70% of the property's value at origination of the loan. property value, debt service coverage, quality, building tenancy and stability of cash flows are all important financial underwriting considerations. we hold no direct residential mortgage loans and do not originate or service securitized mortgage loans.
commercial real estate capital markets remain very active for well-leased, quality commercial real estate located in strong institutional investment markets. the vast majority of properties securing the mortgages in our mortgage loan portfolio possess these characteristics.
as of december 31, 2018, the $1.9 billion commercial mortgage loan portfolio consisted of approximately 66 loans that are all in good standing. given the quality and diversity of the underlying real estate, positive debt service coverage and significant borrower cash investment generally ranging between 30 and 40%, we remain confident that borrowers will continue to perform as expected under their contract terms.
other long-term investments of $1.9 billion included investments in securities limited partnerships and real estate limited partnerships as well as direct investments in real estate joint ventures. these entities typically invest in mezzanine debt or equity of privately held companies (securities partnerships) and equity real estate. given our subordinate position in the capital structure of these underlying entities, we assume a higher level of risk for higher expected returns. to mitigate risk, these investments are diversified across approximately 135 separate partnerships, and approximately 70 general partners who manage one or more of these partnerships. also, the underlying investments are diversified by industry sector or property type, and geographic region. no single partnership investment exceeded 4% of our securities and real estate partnership portfolio.
"problem" bonds and commercial mortgage loans are either delinquent by 60 days or more or have been restructured as to terms, including concessions by us for modification of interest rate, principal payment or maturity date. "potential problem" bonds and commercial mortgage loans are considered current (no payment is more than 59 days past due), but management believes they have certain characteristics that increase the likelihood that they may become problems.
despite the continued strength of the u.s. economy, concerns related to trade and tariffs and rising interest rates contributed to a return of financial market volatility and public equity market declines in 2018. we continue to closely monitor global macroeconomic conditions and trends, including the uncertainty caused by the united kingdom's decision to exit the european union, and their potential impact to our investment portfolio. certain sectors, such as retail, energy and natural gas have been volatile and we expect that to continue. future realized and unrealized investment results will be driven largely by market conditions that exist when a transaction occurs or at the reporting date. these future conditions are not reasonably predictable; however, we believe that the vast majority of our investments will continue to perform under their contractual terms. based on our strategy to match the duration of invested assets to the duration of insurance and contractholder liabilities, we expect to hold a significant portion of these assets for the long term. although future impairment losses resulting from interest rate movements and credit deterioration due to both investment-specific and the global economic uncertainties discussed above remain possible, we do not expect these losses to have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or liquidity.
our assets and liabilities include financial instruments subject to the risk of potential losses from adverse changes in market rates and prices. consistent with disclosure requirements, the following items have been excluded from this consideration of market risk for financial instruments:
changes in the fair values of insurance-related assets and liabilities because their primary risks are insurance rather than market risk;
changes in the fair values of investments recorded using the equity method of accounting and liabilities for pension and other postretirement and postemployment benefit plans (and related assets); and
changes in the fair values of other significant assets and liabilities such as goodwill, deferred policy acquisition costs, taxes, and various accrued liabilities. because they are not financial instruments, their primary risks are other than market risk.
back to contents part ii item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations excluding these items, our primary market risk exposures from financial instruments are:
investment/liability matching.  we generally select investment assets with characteristics (such as duration, yield, currency and liquidity) that correspond to the underlying characteristics of our related insurance and contractholder liabilities so that we can match the investments to our obligations. shorter-term investments generally support shorter-term life and health liabilities. medium-term, fixed-rate investments support interest-sensitive and health liabilities. longer-term investments generally support products with longer pay out periods such as annuities and long-term disability liabilities.
use of local currencies for foreign operations.  we generally conduct our international business through foreign operating entities that maintain assets and liabilities in local currencies. this technique limits exchange rate risk to our net assets.
see note 9 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information about derivative financial instruments.
assuming a 100 basis point increase in interest rates and 10% strengthening in the u.s. dollar to foreign currencies, the effect of hypothetical changes in market rates or prices on the fair value of certain financial instruments, subject to the exclusions noted above (particularly insurance liabilities), would have been as follows as of december 31:
the effect of a hypothetical increase in interest rates, primarily on fixed maturities and commercial mortgage loans, was determined by estimating the present value of future cash flows using various models, primarily duration modeling. the impact of a hypothetical increase to interest rates at december 31, 2018 is consistent with the impact at december 31, 2017, which has been restated to exclude long-term debt, as discussed below.
in the event of a hypothetical 100 basis point increase in interest rates, the fair value of the company's long-term debt would decrease approximately $2.4 billion at december 31, 2018 and $0.5 billion at december 31, 2017. the impact at december 31, 2018 was greater than that at december 31, 2017 due to additional long-term debt issued in acquiring express scripts. changes in the fair value of our long-term debt do not impact our financial position or operating results. see note 5 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information about the company's debt.
the effect of a hypothetical strengthening of the u.s. dollar relative to the foreign currencies of certain financial instruments held by us was estimated to be 10% of the u.s. dollar equivalent fair value. our foreign operations hold investment assets, such as fixed maturities, cash, and cash equivalents, that are generally invested in the currency of the related liabilities. the effect of a hypothetical 10% strengthening in the u.s. dollar to foreign currencies at december 31, 2018 is consistent with that at december 31, 2017.
part ii item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk