item 1a.    risk factors set forth below and elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k are some of the principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual business results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements contained in this report and could individually, or in combination, have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. these risk factors should be considered in addition to our cautionary comments concerning forward-looking statements in this report, including statements related to markets for our products and trends in our business that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. our separate section above, "cautionary statements regarding forward-looking information," should be considered in addition to the following statements.
a sustained slowdown or significant downturn in our markets could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
many of our on- and off-highway markets are cyclical in nature and experience volatility in demand throughout these cycles. although in 2018 we experienced demand growth in most of our north american on-highway and certain off-highway markets and continued strong demand in chinese markets, as well as growth in many of our other international markets, if the north american or chinese markets suffer a significant downturn or if a slower pace of economic growth and weaker demand in our other significant international markets were to occur, depending upon the length, duration and severity of the slowdown, our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows would likely have a materially adverse impact.
several of our engine customers, including paccar, volvo, navistar, fiat chrysler, daimler, dongfeng and tata, are truck manufacturers or oems that manufacture engines for some of their own vehicles. despite their own engine manufacturing abilities, these customers have historically chosen to outsource certain types of engine production to us due to the quality of our engine products, our emission compliance capabilities, our systems integration, their customers' preferences, their desire for cost reductions, their desire for eliminating production risks and their desire to maintain company focus. however, there can be no assurance that these customers will continue to outsource, or outsource as much of, their engine production in the future. in fact, several of these customers have expressed their intention to significantly increase their own engine production and to decrease engine purchases from us. in addition, increased levels of oem vertical integration could result from a number of factors, such as shifts in our customers' business strategies, acquisition by a customer of another engine manufacturer, the inability of third-party suppliers to meet product specifications and the emergence of low-cost production opportunities in foreign countries. any significant reduction in the level of engine production outsourcing from our truck manufacturer or oem customers could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
we are investing in new products and technologies, including electrified powertrains, for planned introduction into certain existing and new markets.  given the early stages of development of some of these new products and technologies, there can be no guarantee of the future market acceptance and investment returns with respect to these planned products.  the increased adoption of electrified powertrains in some market segments could result in lower demand for current diesel or natural gas engines and components and, over time, reduce the demand for related parts and service revenues from diesel or natural gas powertrains. furthermore, it is possible that we may not be successful in developing segment-leading electrified powertrains and some of our existing customers could choose to develop their own electrified or alternate fuel powertrains, or source from other manufacturers, and any of these factors could have a materially adverse impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
our products are subject to extensive statutory and regulatory requirements that can significantly increase our costs and, along with increased scrutiny from regulatory agencies and unpredictability in the adoption, implementation and enforcement of increasingly stringent emission standards by multiple jurisdictions around the world, could have a materially adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
our engines are subject to extensive statutory and regulatory requirements governing emissions and noise, including standards imposed by the epa, the eu, state regulatory agencies (such as the carb) and other regulatory agencies around the world. regulatory agencies are making certification and compliance with emissions and noise standards more stringent and subjecting diesel engine products to an increasing level of scrutiny. the discovery of noncompliance issues could have a materially adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
developing engines and components to meet more stringent and changing regulatory requirements, with different implementation timelines and emission requirements, makes developing engines efficiently for multiple markets complicated and could result in substantial additional costs that may be difficult to recover in certain markets. while we have met previous deadlines, our ability to comply with existing and future regulatory standards will be essential for us to maintain our competitive advantage in the engine markets we serve. the successful development and introduction of new and enhanced products in order to comply with new regulatory requirements are subject to other risks, such as delays in product development, cost over-runs and unanticipated technical and manufacturing difficulties.
in addition to these risks, the nature and timing of government implementation and enforcement of increasingly stringent emission standards in our worldwide markets are unpredictable and subject to change. any delays in implementation or enforcement could result in a loss of our competitive advantage and could have a materially adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
our products are subject to recall for performance or safety-related issues. product recalls subject us to reputational risk, loss of current and future customers, reduced revenue and product recall costs. product recall costs are incurred when we decide, either voluntarily or involuntarily, to recall a product through a formal campaign to solicit the return of specific products due to a known or suspected performance issue. any significant product recalls could have material adverse effects on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. see note 9, "product warranty liability" to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
we operate our business on a global basis and policy changes affecting international trade could adversely impact the demand for our products and our competitive position.
we manufacture, sell and service products globally and rely upon a global supply chain to deliver the raw materials, components, systems and parts that we need to manufacture and service our products. changes in government policies on foreign trade and investment can affect the demand for our products and services, cause non-u.s. nationals to shift preferences toward domestically manufactured or branded products and impact the competitive position of our products or prevent us from being able to sell products in certain countries. our business benefits from free trade agreements, such as the new united states-mexico-canada agreement and the u.s. trade relationship with china, and efforts to withdraw from, or substantially modify such agreements or arrangements, in addition to the implementation of more restrictive trade policies, such as more detailed inspections, higher tariffs (including, but not limited to, additional tariffs on the import of steel or aluminum) import or export licensing requirements, exchange controls or new barriers to entry, could adversely impact our production costs, customer demand and our relationships with customers and suppliers. any of these consequences could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
the united kingdom's decision to end its membership in the european union could materially and adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
in june 2016, a majority of voters in the united kingdom elected to withdraw from the european union (eu) in a national referendum (brexit). additionally, the results of the united kingdom's brexit has caused, and may continue to cause, volatility in global stock markets, currency exchange rate fluctuations and global economic uncertainty. although it is unknown what the terms of the united kingdom's future relationship with the eu will be, it is possible that there will be higher tariffs or greater restrictions on imports and exports between the united kingdom and the eu and increased regulatory complexities. the effects of brexit will depend on any agreements the united kingdom makes to retain access to eu markets either during a transitional period or on a permanent basis. these measures could potentially disrupt our supply chain, access to human capital and some of our target markets and jurisdictions in which we operate, and adversely change tax benefits or liabilities in these or other jurisdictions. in addition, brexit could lead to legal uncertainty and potentially divergent national laws and regulations, including with respect to emissions and similar certifications granted to us by the eu, as the united kingdom determines which eu laws to replace or replicate. any of these effects of brexit, among others, could have a materially adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
lower-than-anticipated market acceptance of our new or existing products or services, including reductions in demand for diesel engines, could have a materially adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
although we conduct market research before launching new or refreshed engines and introducing new services, many factors both within and outside our control affect the success of new or existing products and services in the marketplace. offering engines and services that customers desire and value can mitigate the risks of increasing price competition and declining demand, but products and services that are perceived to be less than desirable (whether in terms of price, quality, overall value, fuel efficiency or other attributes) can exacerbate these risks. with increased consumer interconnectedness through the internet, social media and other media, mere allegations relating to poor quality, safety, fuel efficiency, corporate responsibility or other key attributes can negatively impact our reputation or market acceptance of our products or services, including with respect to the demand for diesel engines, even if such allegations prove to be inaccurate or unfounded.
a slowdown in infrastructure development and/or depressed commodity prices could adversely affect our business.
infrastructure development and strong commodity prices have been significant drivers of our historical growth, but as the pace of investment in infrastructure slowed in recent years (especially in china and brazil), commodity prices were significantly lower and demand for our products in off-highway markets was weak. weakness in commodity prices, such as oil, gas and coal, adversely impacted mining industry participants' demand for vehicles and equipment that contain our engines and other products over the past several years. although many of our off-highway markets began to recover in 2017 and 2018, additional deterioration, or renewed weakness, in infrastructure and commodities markets could adversely affect our customers' demand for vehicles and equipment and, as a result, could adversely affect our business.
during 2018, we single sourced approximately 20 percent of the total types of parts in our product designs, compared to approximately 20 percent in 2017. any delay in our suppliers' deliveries may adversely affect our operations at multiple manufacturing locations, forcing us to seek alternative supply sources to avoid serious disruptions. delays may be caused by factors affecting our suppliers (including capacity constraints, labor disputes, economic downturns, availability of credit, the impaired financial condition), suppliers' allocations to other purchasers, weather emergencies, natural disasters or acts of war or terrorism. any extended delay in receiving critical supplies could impair our ability to deliver products to our customers and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
our information technology systems and our products are exposed to potential security breaches or other disruptions which may adversely impact our competitive position, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
we rely on the capacity, reliability and security of our information technology systems and data security infrastructure in connection with various aspects of our business activities. we also rely on our ability to expand and continually update these systems and related infrastructure in response to the changing needs of our business. as we implement new systems, they may not perform as expected. we face the challenge of supporting our older systems and implementing necessary upgrades. in addition, some of these systems are managed by third party service providers and are not under our direct control. if we experience a problem with an important information technology system, including during system upgrades and/or new system implementations, the resulting disruptions could have an adverse effect on our business and reputation. as customers adopt and rely on cloud-based digital technologies and services we offer, any disruption of the confidentiality, integrity or availability of those services could have an adverse effect on our business and reputation.
the data handled by our information technology systems is vulnerable to security threats. our operations routinely involve receiving, storing, processing and transmitting sensitive information pertaining to our business, customers, dealers, suppliers, employees and other sensitive matters. information technology security threats, such as security breaches, computer malware, computer viruses and other "cyber attacks," which are increasing in both frequency and sophistication, along with power outages or hardware failures, could result in unauthorized public disclosures of information and create financial liability, subject us to legal or regulatory sanctions, disrupt our ability to conduct our business or damage our reputation with customers, dealers, suppliers and other stakeholders. in addition, our products, including our engines, contain interconnected and increasingly complex systems that control various processes and these systems are potentially subject to "cyber attacks" and disruption. the impact of a significant information technology event on either of our information technology systems or our products could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
financial distress or a change-in-control of one of our large truck oem customers could have a materially adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
we recognize significant sales of engines and components to a few large on-highway truck oem customers in north america which have been an integral part of our positive business results for several years. if one of our large truck oem customers experiences financial distress, bankruptcy or a change-in-control, such circumstance could likely lead to significant reductions in our sales volumes, commercial disputes, receivable collection issues, and other negative consequences that could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
we derive significant earnings from investees that we do not directly control, with more than 50 percent of these earnings from our china-based investees.
for 2018, we recognized $394 million of equity, royalty and interest income from investees, compared to $357 million in 2017. approximately half of our equity, royalty and interest income from investees is from four of our 50 percent owned joint ventures in china - beijing foton cummins engine co., ltd., dongfeng cummins engine company, ltd., chongqing cummins engine company, ltd.and dongfeng cummins emission solutions co. ltd. as a result, although a significant percentage of our net income is derived from these unconsolidated entities, we do not unilaterally control their management or their operations, which puts a substantial portion of our net income at risk from the actions or inactions of these entities. a significant reduction in the level of contribution by these entities to our net income would likely have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows.
our plan to reposition our portfolio of product offerings through exploration of strategic acquisitions and divestitures may expose us to additional costs and risks.
part of our strategic plan is to improve our revenue growth, gross margins and earnings by exploring the repositioning of our portfolio of product line offerings through the pursuit of potential strategic acquisitions and/or divestitures to provide future strategic, financial and operational benefits and improve shareholder value. there can be no assurance that we will be able to identify suitable candidates or consummate these transactions on favorable terms. the successful identification and completion of any strategic transaction depends on a number of factors that are not entirely within our control, including the availability of suitable candidates and our ability to negotiate terms acceptable to all parties involved, conclude satisfactory agreements and obtain all necessary regulatory approvals. accordingly, we may not be able to successfully negotiate and complete specific transactions. the exploration, negotiation and consummation of strategic transactions may involve significant expenditures by us, which may adversely affect our results of operations at the time such expenses are incurred, and may divert management's attention from our existing business. strategic transactions also may have adverse effects on our existing business relationships with suppliers and customers.if required, the financing for strategic acquisitions could result in an increase in our indebtedness, dilute the interests of our shareholders or both. any acquisition may not be accretive to us for a significant period of time following the completion of such acquisition. also, our ability to effectively integrate any potential acquisition into our existing business and culture may not be successful, which could jeopardize future financial and operational performance for the combined businesses. in addition, if an acquisition results in any additional goodwill or increase in other intangible assets on our balance sheet and subsequently becomes impaired, we would be required to record a non-cash impairment charge, which could result in a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.similarly, any strategic divestiture of a product line or business may reduce our revenue and earnings, reduce the diversity of our business, result in substantial costs and expenses and cause disruption to our employees, customers, vendors and communities in which we operate.
our ability to realize all of the expected enhanced revenue, earnings, and cash flow from our 2017 investment in the eaton cummins automated transmission technologies joint venture will depend, in substantial part, on our ability to successfully launch the automated transmission products in north america and achieve our projected market penetration. while we believe we will ultimately achieve these objectives, it is possible that we will be unable to achieve all of the goals within our anticipated time frame or in the anticipated amounts. if we are not able to successfully complete our automated transmission strategy, the anticipated enhanced revenue, earnings, and cash flows resulting from this joint venture may not be realized fully or may take longer to realize than expected. as part of the purchase accounting associated with the formation of the joint venture, significant goodwill and intangible asset balances were recorded on the consolidated balance sheet. if cash flows from the joint venture fall short of our anticipated amounts, these assets could be subject to impairment charges, negatively impacting our earnings.
we face significant competition in the markets we serve.
the markets in which we operate are highly competitive. we compete worldwide with a number of other manufacturers and distributors that produce and sell similar products. we primarily compete in the market with diesel engines and related diesel products; however, new technologies continue to be developed for gasoline, natural gas, electrification and other technologies and we will continue to face new competition from these expanding technologies. our products primarily compete on the basis of price, performance, fuel economy, emissions compliance, speed of delivery, quality and customer support. we also face competitors in some emerging markets who have established local practices and long standing relationships with participants in these markets. there can be no assurance that our products will be able to compete successfully with the products of other companies and in other markets.
increasing global competition among our customers may affect our existing customer relationships and restrict our ability to benefit from some of our customers' growth.
as our customers in emerging markets continue to grow in size and scope, they are increasingly seeking to export their products to other countries. this has meant greater demand for our advanced engine technologies to help these customers meet the more stringent emissions requirements of developed markets, as well as greater demand for access to our distribution systems for purposes of equipment servicing. as these emerging market customers enter into, and begin to compete in more developed markets, they may increasingly begin to compete with our existing customers in these markets. our further aid to emerging market customers could adversely affect our relationships with developed market customers. in addition, to the extent the competition does not correspond to overall growth in demand, we may see little or no benefit from this type of expansion by our emerging market customers.
we conduct operations in many areas of the world involving transactions denominated in a variety of currencies. we are subject to foreign currency exchange rate risk to the extent that our costs are denominated in currencies other than those in which we earn revenues. in addition, since our financial statements are denominated in u.s. dollars, changes in foreign currency exchange rates between the u.s. dollar and other currencies have had, and will continue to have, an impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. the u.s. dollar strengthened in recent years resulting in material unfavorable impacts on our revenues in those years. if the u.s. dollar continues strengthening against other currencies, we will experience additional volatility in our financial statements.while we customarily enter into financial transactions that attempt to address these risks and many of our supply agreements with customers include foreign currency exchange rate adjustment provisions, there can be no assurance that foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations will not adversely affect our future results of operations and cash flows. in addition, while the use of currency hedging instruments may provide us with some protection from adverse fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, by utilizing these instruments we potentially forego the benefits that might result from favorable fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates.we also face risks arising from the imposition of foreign exchange controls and currency devaluations. foreign exchange controls may limit our ability to convert foreign currencies into u.s. dollars or to remit dividends and other payments by our foreign subsidiaries or businesses located in or conducted within a country imposing controls. currency devaluations result in a diminished value of funds denominated in the currency of the country instituting the devaluation. see management's discussion and analysis for additional information.
our products are exposed to variability in material and commodity costs.
our businesses establish prices with our customers in accordance with contractual time frames; however, the timing of material and commodity market price increases may prevent us from passing these additional costs on to our customers through timely pricing actions. additionally, higher material and commodity costs around the world may offset our efforts to reduce our cost structure. while we customarily enter into financial transactions and contractual pricing adjustment provisions with our customers that attempt to address some of these risks (notably with respect to copper, platinum and palladium), there can be no assurance that commodity price fluctuations will not adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. in addition, while the use of commodity price hedging instruments and contractual pricing adjustments may provide us with some protection from adverse fluctuations in commodity prices, by utilizing these instruments we potentially forego the benefits that might result from favorable fluctuations in price. as a result, higher material and commodity costs, as well as hedging these commodity costs during periods of decreasing prices, could result in declining margins.
we are exposed to political, economic and other risks that arise from operating a multinational business.
our business is subject to the political, economic and other risks that are inherent in operating in numerous countries. these risks include:
•   the imposition of taxes on foreign income and tax rates in certain foreign countries that exceed those in the u.s.;
•   the imposition of tariffs, exchange controls or other restrictions;
•   required compliance with a variety of foreign laws and regulations; and
•   changes in general economic and political conditions in countries where we operate, particularly in emerging markets.
as we continue to operate our business globally, our success will depend, in part, on our ability to anticipate and effectively manage these and other related risks. there can be no assurance that the consequences of these and other factors relating to our multinational operations will not have a material adverse effect upon us.
the adoption of new tax legislation or exposure to additional income tax liabilities could adversely affect our profitability.
we are subject to income taxes in the u.s. and numerous international jurisdictions. our income tax provision and cash tax liability in the future could be adversely affected by changes in earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in tax laws and the discovery of new information in the course of our tax return preparation process. the carrying value of deferred tax assets, which are predominantly in the u.s., is dependent on our ability to generate future taxable income in the u.s. we are also subject to ongoing tax audits. these audits can involve complex issues, which may require an extended period of time to resolve and can be highly judgmental. tax authorities may disagree with certain tax reporting positions taken by us and, as a result, assess additional taxes against us. we regularly assess the likely outcomes of these audits in order to determine the appropriateness of our tax provision. the amounts ultimately paid upon resolution of these or subsequent tax audits could be materially different from the amounts previously included in our income tax provision and, therefore, could have a material impact on our tax provision.
due to the international scope of our operations, we are subject to a complex system of commercial and trade regulations around the world. recent years have seen an increase in the development and enforcement of laws regarding trade compliance and anti-corruption, such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and similar laws from other countries, as well as new regulatory requirements regarding data privacy, such as the european union general data protection regulation. our numerous foreign subsidiaries, affiliates and joint venture partners are governed by laws, rules and business practices that differ from those of the u.s. the activities of these entities may not comply with u.s. laws or business practices or our code of business conduct. violations of these laws may result in severe criminal or civil sanctions, could disrupt our business, and result in an adverse effect on our reputation, business and results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. we cannot predict the nature, scope or effect of future regulatory requirements to which our operations might be subject or the manner in which existing laws might be administered or interpreted.
we face the challenge of accurately aligning our capacity with our demand.
we can experience capacity constraints and longer lead times for certain products in times of growing demand while we can also experience idle capacity as economies slow or demand for certain products decline. accurately forecasting our expected volumes and appropriately adjusting our capacity have been, and will continue to be, important factors in determining our results of operations and cash flows. we cannot guarantee that we will be able to increase manufacturing capacity to a level that meets demand for our products, which could prevent us from meeting increased customer demand and could harm our business. however, if we overestimate our demand and overbuild our capacity, we may have significantly underutilized assets and we may experience reduced margins. if we do not accurately align our manufacturing capabilities with demand it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
our business is exposed to potential product liability claims.
we face an inherent business risk of exposure to product liability claims in the event that our products' failure to perform to specification results, or is alleged to result, in property damage, bodily injury and/or death. at any given time, we are subject to various and multiple product liability claims, any one of which, if decided adversely to us, may have a material adverse effect on our reported results of operation in the period in which our liability with respect to any such claim is recognized. while we maintain insurance coverage with respect to certain product liability claims, we may not be able to obtain such insurance on acceptable terms in the future, if at all, and any such insurance may not provide adequate coverage against product liability claims. in addition, product liability claims can be expensive to defend and can divert the attention of management and other personnel for significant periods of time, regardless of the ultimate outcome. furthermore, even if we are successful in defending against a claim relating to our products, claims of this nature could cause our customers to lose confidence in our products and us.
our plants and operations are subject to increasingly stringent environmental laws and regulations in all of the countries in which we operate, including laws and regulations governing air emission, discharges to water and the generation, handling, storage, transportation, treatment and disposal of waste materials. while we believe that we are in compliance in all material respects with these environmental laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that we will not be adversely impacted by costs, liabilities or claims with respect to existing or subsequently acquired operations, under either present laws and regulations or those that may be adopted or imposed in the future. we are also subject to laws requiring the cleanup of contaminated property. if a release of hazardous substances occurs at or from any of our current or former properties or at a landfill or another location where we have disposed of hazardous materials, we may be held liable for the contamination and the amount of such liability could be material.
future bans or limitations on the use of diesel-powered vehicles or other applications could have a materially adverse impact on our business over the long term.
in an effort to limit greenhouse gas emissions and combat climate change, multiple countries and cities have announced that they plan to implement a ban on the use in their cities or countries of diesel-powered products in the near or distant future. these countries include china, india and germany. in addition, california government officials have called for the state to phase out sales of diesel-powered vehicles by 2040. to the extent that these types of bans are actually implemented in the future on a broad basis, or in one or more of our key markets, our business over the long-term could experience materially adverse impacts.
we are exposed to risks arising from the price and availability of energy.
the level of demand for our products and services is influenced in multiple ways by the price and availability of energy. high energy costs generally drive greater demand for better fuel economy in almost all countries in which we operate. some of our engine products have been developed with a primary purpose of offering fuel economy improvements, and if energy costs decrease or increase less than expected, demand for these products may likewise decrease. the relative unavailability of electricity in some emerging market countries also influences demand for our electricity generating products, such as our diesel generators. if these countries add energy capacity by expanding their power grids at a rate equal to or faster than the growth in demand for energy, the demand for our generating products could also decrease or increase less than would otherwise be the case.
significant declines in future financial and stock market conditions could diminish our pension plan asset performance and adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow.
we sponsor both funded and unfunded domestic and foreign defined benefit pension and other retirement plans. our pension cost and the required contributions to our pension plans are directly affected by the value of plan assets, the projected and actual rates of return on plan assets and the actuarial assumptions we use to measure our defined benefit pension plan obligations, including the discount rate at which future projected and accumulated pension obligations are discounted to a present value. we could experience increased pension cost due to a combination of factors, including the decreased investment performance of pension plan assets, decreases in the discount rate and changes in our assumptions relating to the expected return on plan assets.significant declines in future financial and stock market conditions could cause material losses in our pension plan assets, which could result in increased pension cost in future years and adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. depending upon the severity of market declines and government regulatory changes, we may be legally obligated to make pension payments in the u.s. and perhaps other countries and these contributions could be material.
at december 31, 2018, we employed approximately 62,610 persons worldwide. approximately 21,460 of our employees worldwide are represented by various unions under collective bargaining agreements that expire between 2019 and 2022. while we have no reason to believe that we will be materially impacted by work stoppages or other labor matters, there can be no assurance that future issues with our labor unions will be resolved favorably or that we will not encounter future strikes, work stoppages, or other types of conflicts with labor unions or our employees. any of these consequences may have an adverse effect on us or may limit our flexibility in dealing with our workforce. in addition, many of our customers and suppliers have unionized work forces. work stoppages or slowdowns experienced by our customers or suppliers could result in slowdowns or closures that would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow.
our financial statements are subject to changes in accounting standards that could adversely impact our profitability or financial position.
our financial statements are subject to the application of generally accepted accounting principles (gaap) in the united states of america, which are periodically revised and/or expanded. accordingly, from time to time, we are required to adopt new or revised accounting standards issued by recognized authoritative bodies, including the financial accounting standards board. recently, accounting standard setters issued new guidance which further interprets or seeks to revise accounting pronouncements related to lease accounting as well as to issue new standards expanding disclosures. the impact of accounting pronouncements that have been issued but not yet implemented is disclosed in our annual and quarterly reports on form 10-k and form 10-q. an assessment of proposed standards is not provided, as such proposals are subject to change through the exposure process and, therefore, their effects on our financial statements cannot be meaningfully assessed. it is possible that future accounting standards we are required to adopt could change the current accounting treatment that we apply to our consolidated financial statements and that such changes could have a material adverse effect on our reported results of operations and financial position.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations organization of information the following management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (md&a) was prepared to provide the reader with a view and perspective of our business through the eyes of management and should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes to those financial statements. our md&a is presented in the following sections:
•   liquidity and capital resources
•   contractual obligations and other commercial commitments
•   application of critical accounting estimates
•   recently adopted and recently issued accounting pronouncements executive summary and financial highlights we are a global power leader that designs, manufactures, distributes and services diesel and natural gas engines and powertrain-related component products, including filtration, aftertreatment, turbochargers, fuel systems, controls systems, air handling systems, transmissions, electric power generation systems, batteries and electrified power systems. we sell our products to original equipment manufacturers (oems), distributors, dealers and other customers worldwide. we have long-standing relationships with many of the leading manufacturers in the markets we serve, including paccar inc, navistar international corporation, daimler trucks north america and fiat chrysler automobiles (chrysler). we serve our customers through a network of approximately 600 wholly-owned and independent distributor locations and over 7,600 dealer locations in more than 190 countries and territories.
our reportable operating segments consist of engine, distribution, components, power systems and electrified power. this reporting structure is organized according to the products and markets each segment serves. the engine segment produces engines (15 liters and less in size) and associated parts for sale to customers in on-highway and various off-highway markets. our engines are used in trucks of all sizes, buses and recreational vehicles, as well as in various industrial applications, including construction, agriculture, power generation systems and other off-highway applications. the distribution segment includes wholly-owned and partially-owned distributorships engaged in wholesaling engines, generator sets and service parts, as well as performing service and repair activities on our products and maintaining relationships with various oems throughout the world. the components segment sells filtration products, aftertreatment systems, turbochargers, electronics, fuel systems and transmissions. the power systems segment is an integrated power provider, which designs, manufactures and sells engines (16 liters and larger) for industrial applications (including mining, oil and gas, marine and rail), standby and prime power generator sets, alternators and other power components.
we formed the electrified power segment, effective january 1, 2018, which designs, manufactures, sells and supports electrified power systems ranging from fully electric to hybrid solutions along with innovative components and subsystems to serve all our markets as they adopt electrification, meeting the needs of our oem partners and end customers.we currently offer the cummins powerdrive series of fully electric and hybrid powertrain systems targeting various applications in the class 4-8 commercial vehicle markets and are developing the cummins battery electric system and the cummins hybrid power plug-in system for the urban bus market, which are expected to launch in 2019 and 2020, respectively. we also design and manufacture battery modules, packs and systems for commercial, industrial and material handling applications. we use a range of cell chemistries which are suitable for pure electric, hybrid and plug-in hybrid applications. in addition to electrified powertrains for urban buses, we intend to deliver product offerings to other markets as they adopt electric solutions, including, but not limited to, pick-up and delivery applications and industrial markets. we invest in and utilize our internal research and development capabilities, along with strategic acquisitions and partnerships, to meet our objectives.
our financial performance depends, in large part, on varying conditions in the markets we serve, particularly the on-highway, construction and general industrial markets. demand in these markets tends to fluctuate in response to overall economic conditions. our sales may also be impacted by oem inventory levels, production schedules and stoppages. economic downturns in markets we serve generally result in reduced sales of our products and can result in price reductions in certain products and/or markets. as a worldwide business, our operations are also affected by currency, political, economic and regulatory matters, including adoption and enforcement of environmental and emission standards, in the countries we serve. as part of our growth strategy, we invest in businesses in certain countries that carry high levels of these risks such as china, brazil, india, mexico, russia and countries in the middle east and africa. at the same time, our geographic diversity and broad product and service offerings have helped limit the impact from a drop in demand in any one industry or customer or the economy of any single country on our consolidated results.
worldwide revenues improved 16 percent in 2018 compared to 2017, with all operating segments reporting higher sales. net sales in the united states (u.s.) and canada improved by 19 percent primarily due to increased demand in the north american on-highway markets (primarily in the heavy- and medium-duty truck markets), increased demand in all of our distribution product lines, sales from the automated transmission business acquired during the third quarter of 2017 and increased industrial demand (especially in oil and gas and construction markets). international demand growth (excludes the u.s. and canada) in 2018 improved international net sales by 12 percent compared to 2017, with sales up in most of our markets, especially in europe, asia pacific, latin america, china and india. the increase in international sales was primarily due to increased demand in industrial markets (especially construction and mining markets in china and europe), increased on-highway demand (especially in brazil, europe and india), increased demand in our distribution business (especially in western europe, asia pacific and china) and increased demand for power generation equipment (primarily in the middle east, asia pacific and china).
effective january 1, 2018, we changed our segment measure of profitability to ebitda (defined as earnings before interest expense, income taxes, noncontrolling interests, depreciation and amortization) as a primary basis for the chief operating decision maker to evaluate the performance of each of our operating segments. ebitda assists investors and debt holders in comparing our performance on a consistent basis without regard for depreciation and amortization, which can vary significantly depending upon many factors. prior periods have been revised to reflect the current presentation. segment amounts exclude certain expenses not specifically identifiable to segments. the following tables contain sales and ebitda by operating segment for the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017. see the section titled "operating segment results" for a more detailed discussion of net sales and ebitda by operating segment including the reconciliation of segment ebitda to net income attributable to cummins inc.
in millions                            sales                       ebitda               sales                ebitda                    sales            ebitda engine                           $10,566                44         %           $1,446              $8,953                  44         %           $1,143             18    %        27    %
net income attributable to cummins inc. for 2018 was $2.1 billion, or $13.15 per diluted share, on sales of $23.8 billion, compared to 2017 net income attributable to cummins inc. of $1.0 billion, or $5.97 per diluted share, on sales of $20.4 billion. the increase in net income attributable to cummins inc. and earnings per diluted share was driven by significantly higher net sales, the 2017 tax cuts and jobs act (tax legislation), higher gross margin and increased equity earnings from investees, partially offset by $368 million for an engine system campaign, higher research, development and engineering expenses, unfavorable foreign currency impacts (primarily the british pound, brazilian real and angolan kwanza partially offset by the euro) and higher interest expense. tax legislation resulted in the u.s. statutory rate decreasing from 35 percent to 21 percent, added incremental income tax expense in 2017 of $781 million to our tax provision (excluding the noncontrolling interest and equity investee adjustments) with a net impact of $777 million unfavorable to net income. see note 4, "income taxes," and note 9, "product warranty liability," to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on the tax legislation adjustments during the one year measurement period and the engine system campaign, respectively. the increase in gross margin was primarily due to higher volumes, improved mix and favorable pricing, partially offset by increased warranty costs (primarily $368 million for an engine system campaign), higher compensation costs (driven by headcount growth to support increased sales) and unfavorable impacts from chinese tariffs. diluted earnings per share for 2018 benefited $0.25 per share from fewer weighted average shares outstanding, primarily due to the stock repurchase programs, including shares acquired under the accelerated share repurchase agreement.
(1) see note 4, "income taxes," to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
(2) these measures are not in accordance with, or an alternative for, accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america (gaap) and may not be consistent with measures used by other companies. it should be considered supplemental data.
we generated $2.4 billion of operating cash flows in 2018, compared to $2.3 billion in 2017. see the section titled "cash flows" in the "liquidity and capital resources" section for a discussion of items impacting cash flows.
in october 2018, our board of directors authorized the acquisition of up to $2 billion of additional common stock upon completion of the 2016 repurchase plan. during 2018, we repurchased $1.1 billion, or 7.9 million shares of common stock, including 3.5 million shares repurchased under the $500 million accelerated share repurchase program. see note 14 "shareholders' equity," to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
on august 22, 2018, we entered into a new five-year $2.0 billion revolving credit agreement and a 364-day $1.5 billion credit agreement that expire on august 22, 2023 and august 21, 2019, respectively. these new credit facilities replace our previous five-year $1.75 billion and 364-day $1.0 billion facilities and will be used primarily to provide backup liquidity for our commercial paper borrowings and general corporate purposes. see note  "debt," to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
our debt to capital ratio (total capital defined as debt plus equity) at december 31, 2018, was 23.1 percent, compared to 19.7 percent at december 31, 2017. the increase was primarily due to an increase in outstanding commercial paper. at december 31, 2018, we had $1.5 billion in cash and marketable securities on hand and access to our $3.5 billion credit facilities, if necessary, to meet currently anticipated investment and funding needs.
our global pension plans, including our unfunded and non-qualified plans, were 115 percent funded at december 31, 2018. our u.s. qualified plan, which represents approximately 54 percent of the worldwide pension obligation, was 131 percent funded and our united kingdom (u.k.) plan was 115 percent funded. we expect to contribute approximately $123 million to our global pension plans in 2019. in addition, we expect our 2019 net periodic pension cost to approximate $56 million. see application of critical accounting estimates within md&a and note , "pensions and other postretirement benefits," to the consolidated financial statements, for additional information concerning our pension and other post retirement benefit plans.
2019 outlook our outlook reflects the following positive trends and challenges to our business that we expect could impact our revenue and earnings potential in 2019:
positive trends
•   we anticipate power generation markets will remain strong, with increased demand in global data center markets.
•   improving economic conditions in brazil could positively impact demand across our business.
•   we are experiencing cost increases as a result of trade tariffs recently imposed by the u.s. and some of its trading partners, especially china.
•   prolonged trade disputes could negatively impact demand and trigger additional costs.
•   uncertainty in the u.k. surrounding its ability to negotiate favorable terms in its withdrawal from the european union could have material negative impacts on our european operations in the near and long-term.
in summary, we expect demand to remain strong in many of our most important markets, but also face headwinds in china and with brexit.
equity, royalty and interest income from investees                           394                   357                   301                   37              10   %                56              19   %
sales to international markets (excluding the u.s. and canada), based on location of customers, were 41 percent of total net sales in 2018, compared with 42 percent of total net sales in 2017. a more detailed discussion of sales by segment is presented in the "operating segment results" section.
cost of sales the types of expenses included in cost of sales are the following: raw material consumption, including direct and indirect materials; salaries, wages and benefits; depreciation on production equipment and facilities and amortization of technology intangibles; estimated costs of warranty programs and campaigns; production utilities; production-related purchasing; warehousing, including receiving and inspection; engineering support costs; repairs and maintenance; production and warehousing facility property insurance; rent for production facilities and other production overhead.
gross margin gross margin increased $637 million and decreased 0.9 points as a percentage of sales. the increase in gross margin was primarily due to higher volumes, improved mix and favorable pricing, partially offset by increased warranty costs (primarily $368 million for an engine system campaign), higher compensation costs (driven by headcount growth to support increased sales) and unfavorable impacts from chinese tariffs. the decrease in gross margin percentage was primarily due to the engine system campaign. see note 9, "product warranty liability," to our consolidated financial statements for additional information on the engine system campaign.
selling, general and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative expenses increased $8 million, primarily due to higher consulting expense and increased administrative expense driven by the acquisition of the automated transmission business in the third quarter of 2017. overall, selling, general and administrative expenses, as a percentage of sales, improved to 10.3 percent in 2018 from 11.9 percent in 2017, primarily as the result of lower variable compensation expense on higher sales.
research, development and engineering expenses research, development and engineering expenses increased $148 million, primarily due to investments in the electrified power segment, increased compensation expense driven by headcount growth and expenses from the automated transmission business acquired in the third quarter of 2017, higher consulting expense and lower expense recovery. overall, research, development and engineering expenses, as a percentage of sales, increased to 3.8 percent in 2018 from 3.7 percent in 2017. research activities continue to focus on development of new products to meet future emission standards around the world, improvements in fuel economy performance of diesel and natural gas powered engines and development activities around fully electric and hybrid powertrain solutions.
equity, royalty and interest income from investees equity, royalty and interest income from investees increased $37 million, primarily due to a $39 million unfavorable deferred tax adjustment recognized in 2017 in conjunction with the adoption of the 2017 tax legislation that did not repeat in 2018. the primary equity, royalty and interest income fluctuations by equity investee were higher earnings at tata cummins ltd., cummins westport, chongqing cummins engine company, ltd. and higher royalty and interest income, partially offset by lower earnings at beijing foton cummins engine company, ltd. and dongfeng cummins engine company, ltd. see note 3, "investments in equity investees, " to our consolidated financial statements for additional information on the deferred tax adjustments by investee.
loss on write off of assets                             (19     )                (4     )
interest income interest income increased $17 million, primarily due to higher interest rates on cash and marketable security balances.
non-service pension and other postretirement benefits credit                 $60                     $31
the year ended december 31, 2018, contained $14 million, or $0.09 per share, of favorable net discrete tax items, primarily due to $26 million of other favorable discrete tax items, partially offset by $12 million of unfavorable discrete tax items related to the 2017 tax legislation.
the change in the effective tax rate for the year ended, december 31, 2018 versus 2017, was primarily due to lower u.s. tax rates in 2018 associated with tax legislation and the significant 2017 tax legislation expenses in 2017.
we expect our 2019 effective tax rate to be 21.5 percent, excluding any discrete items.
noncontrolling interests noncontrolling interests eliminate the income or loss attributable to non-cummins ownership interests in our consolidated entities. noncontrolling interests in income of consolidated subsidiaries increased $51 million, primarily due to the absence of a $43 million favorable withholding tax adjustment on cummins india ltd. in 2017, a $24 million unfavorable tax legislation withholding tax adjustment in 2018 and higher earnings in our automated transmission business during 2018. see note 17, "noncontrolling interests," to our consolidated financial statements for additional information on the withholding tax adjustments. net income attributable to cummins inc. and diluted earnings per common share attributable to cummins inc.
net income and diluted earnings per share attributable to cummins inc. increased $1.1 billion and $7.18 per share, respectively, primarily due to significantly higher net sales, tax legislation, higher gross margin and increased equity earnings from investees, partially offset by $368 million for an engine system campaign, higher research, development and engineering expenses, unfavorable foreign currency impacts (primarily the british pound, brazilian real and angolan kwanza partially offset by the euro) and higher interest expense. see note 9, "product warranty liability," to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on the the engine system campaign.
tax legislation resulted in the u.s. statutory rate decreasing from 35 percent to 21 percent, added incremental income tax expense in 2017 of $781 million to our tax provision (excluding the noncontrolling interest and equity investee adjustments) with a net impact of $777 million unfavorable to net income. the 2018 charges reflect final adjustments and subsequent guidance issued by the internal revenue service. the components of the 2018 and 2017 charges were as follows:
decrease in equity, royalty and other income from investees                               3                          39
(1) see note 4, "income taxes," note 3, "investments in equity investees" and note 17, "noncontrolling interests," to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
(2) noncontrolling interest was adjusted for withholding taxes on foreign earnings which changed the income eliminated for cummins ownership interest attributable to cummins india, ltd.
diluted earnings per share for 2018 benefited $0.25 per share from fewer weighted average shares outstanding, primarily due to the stock repurchase programs, including shares acquired under the accelerated share repurchase agreement.
•   distribution segment sales increased 14 percent, primarily due to an increase in organic sales and higher sales related to the acquisition of a north american distributor in the fourth quarter of 2016.
sales to international markets (excluding the u.s. and canada), based on location of customers, were 42 percent of total net sales in 2017, compared with 42 percent of total net sales in 2016.
research, development and engineering expenses research, development and engineering expenses increased $117 million, primarily due to increased compensation expense ($76 million), especially variable compensation, and higher consulting expense ($20 million). overall, research, development and engineering expenses, as a percentage of sales, increased to 3.7 percent in 2017 from 3.6 percent in 2016. research activities continue to focus on development of new products to meet future emission standards around the world and improvements in fuel economy performance.
equity, royalty and interest income from investees equity, royalty and interest income from investees increased $56 million, primarily due to higher earnings at beijing foton cummins engine co. and dongfeng cummins engine company, ltd., despite $39 million of unfavorable impacts from tax legislation related to withholding taxes on foreign earnings and remeasurement of deferred taxes. see note 4, "income taxes," to our consolidated financial statements for additional information. loss contingency in 2017, we recorded a charge of $5 million in addition to the 2016 charge of $138 million for a loss contingency. see note 9, "product warranty liability," to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
loss on write off of assets                              (4     )               (18     )
non-service pension and other postretirement benefits credit                  31                      48
gain on sale of equity investee (1)                                            -                      17
(1) see note 3, "investments in equity investees," to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
(2) see note 19, "acquisitions," to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
income tax expense our income tax rates are generally less than the 35 percent u.s. statutory income tax rate, primarily because of lower taxes on foreign earnings and research tax credits. on december 22, 2017, the u.s. enacted the tax cuts and jobs act. our effective tax rate for 2017 was 58.0 percent compared to 24.6 percent for 2016. the impacts of the tax legislation resulted in additional income tax expense of $781 million to our tax provision (excluding the noncontrolling interest and equity investee adjustments). see note 4, "income taxes," to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
noncontrolling interests noncontrolling interests in income of consolidated subsidiaries decreased $67 million, primarily due to the $43 million impact of tax legislation on cummins india ltd. regarding withholding taxes on foreign earnings, the acquisition of the remaining interest in wuxi cummins turbo technologies co. ltd. in the fourth quarter of 2016 and elimination of the net loss for the automated transmission business.
net income and diluted earnings per share attributable to cummins inc. decreased $395 million and $2.26 per share, respectively, primarily due to the $777 million impact of tax legislation, increased selling, general and administrative expenses and higher research, development and engineering expenses, partially offset by higher net sales and gross margin, lower charges for a loss contingency and higher equity, royalty and interest income from investees. diluted earnings per share for 2017 was negatively impacted $4.65 per share due to the tax legislation, partially offset by a benefit of $0.04 per share from fewer weighted-average shares outstanding, primarily due to purchases under the stock repurchase program. see note 4, "income taxes," to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
in millions                                                   translation adjustment            primary currency driver vs. u.s. dollar                                  translation adjustment       primary currency driver vs. u.s. dollar             translation adjustment            primary currency driver vs. u.s. dollar wholly-owned subsidiaries                                     $(266               )             british pound, chinese renminbi, indian rupee, brazilian real                    $255                 british pound, chinese renminbi, indian rupee       $(397               )             british pound, chinese renminbi, partially offset by brazilian real equity method investments                                     (60                 )             chinese renminbi, indian rupee, british pound                                      60                 chinese renminbi, russian ruble, indian rupee       (34                 )             chinese renminbi, indian rupee, partially offset by mexican peso consolidated subsidiaries with a noncontrolling interest      (30                 )             indian rupee                                                                       20                 indian rupee                                        (17                 )             chinese renminbi, indian rupee total                                                         $(356               )                                                                                              $335                                                                     $(448               )
operating segment results our reportable operating segments consist of the engine, distribution, components, power systems and electrified power segments. this reporting structure is organized according to the products and markets each segment serves. effective january 1, 2018, we changed our measure to ebitda as a primary basis for the chief operating decision maker to evaluate the performance of each of our reportable operating segments. segment amounts exclude certain expenses not specifically identifiable to segments. see note 20, "operating segments," to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
equity, royalty and interest income from investees             238                   219                   148                   19               9     %            71              48     %
segment ebitda                                               1,446                 1,143                   849                  303              27     %           294              35     %
percentage points                   percentage points segment ebitda as a percentage of total sales                 13.7    %             12.8    %             10.9    %                             0.9                                 1.9
(1) see respective sections of "results of operations" for additional information.
unit shipments by engine classification (including unit shipments to power systems and off-highway engine units included in their respective classification) were as follows:
total unit shipments       713,000               621,500               536,700         91,500                    %          84,800                    %
•   heavy-duty truck engine sales increased $812 million, primarily due to higher demand in north american heavy-duty truck markets with increased shipments of 40 percent.
•   off-highway sales increased $367 million, primarily due to improved demand in global construction markets with increased international unit shipments of 37 percent, mainly in china and western europe, and increased unit shipments of 30 percent in north america.
•   medium-duty truck and bus sales increased $342 million, primarily due to higher demand in north american medium-duty truck markets with increased engine shipments of 14 percent.
segment ebitda engine segment ebitda increased $303 million, primarily due to higher gross margin, decreased selling, general and administrative expenses and increased equity, royalty and interest income from investees, partially offset by increased research, development and engineering expenses and unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations primarily in the brazilian real. the increase in gross margin was primarily due to higher volumes, improved pricing and favorable mix, partially offset by increased warranty costs (primarily $184 million for an engine system campaign) and higher compensation expense. see note 9, "product warranty liability," to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on the engine system campaign.
gross margin as a percentage of sales declined primarily due to the increased warranty costs. the decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily due to lower variable compensation expense. an increase in research, development and engineering expenses was primarily due to lower expense recovery and higher compensation expense. the increase in equity, royalty and interest income from investees was primarily due to higher earnings at tata cummins, ltd. and cummins westport, inc. as the result of unfavorable tax legislation remeasurement adjustments of $15 million and $7 million in 2017, respectively, which did not repeat in 2018, partially offset by lower earnings at beijing foton cummins engine co., ltd.
•   heavy-duty truck engine sales increased $397 million, primarily due to higher demand in north american heavy-duty truck markets with increased shipments of 20 percent.
•   off-highway sales increased $365 million, primarily due to improved demand in global industrial markets, especially in international construction markets, with increased unit shipments of 54 percent primarily in china and western europe.
•   medium-duty truck and bus sales increased $241 million, primarily due to higher demand in north american medium-duty truck markets with increased engine shipments of 20 percent.
segment ebitda engine segment ebitda increased $294 million, primarily due to improved gross margin, lower loss contingency charges and increased equity, royalty and interest income from investees, partially offset by higher selling, general and administrative expenses and higher research, development and engineering expenses. the increase in gross margin was primarily due to higher volumes, partially offset by increased warranty costs for campaigns, changes in estimates and higher variable compensation expense.
gross margin as a percentage of sales declined primarily due to the increased warranty costs and increased variable compensation expense. an increase in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily due to higher compensation expense, especially variable compensation expense, and higher consulting expense. the increase in research, development and engineering expenses was primarily due to higher compensation expense, especially higher variable compensation expense, and higher consulting expense. the increase in equity, royalty and interest income from investees was primarily due to higher earnings at beijing foton cummins engine co. and dongfeng cummins engine company, ltd., despite unfavorable impacts from tax legislation related to withholding taxes on foreign earnings and remeasurement of deferred taxes of $23 million.
equity, royalty and interest income from investees              46                    44                    70                  2               5     %           (26    )         (37   )%
segment ebitda (1)                                             563                   500                   508                 63              13     %            (8    )          (2   )%
percentage points                    percentage points segment ebitda as a percentage of total sales                  7.2    %              7.1    %              8.2    %                           0.1                                 (1.1   )
(1)   segment ebitda for 2016 included a gain of $15 million resulting from the acquisition of a controlling interest in a north american distributor. see note 19, "acquisitions," to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
segment ebitda distribution segment ebitda increased $63 million, primarily due to higher gross margin and lower selling, general and administrative expenses, partially offset by the absence of a gain on sale of assets in the third quarter of 2017 and unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations (primarily in the angolan kwanza and australian dollar). the increase in gross margin was primarily due to higher volumes and improved pricing, partially offset by increased compensation expense and unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations (primarily in the australian dollar and angolan kwanza). gross margin as a percentage of sales declined primarily due to the increase in compensation expense and unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations. the decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily due to lower variable compensation expense, partially offset by increased compensation expense.
sales distribution segment sales increased $877 million, primarily due to an increase in organic sales of $684 million (primarily in north america) and $267 million of sales related to the acquisition of a north american distributor in the fourth quarter of 2016.
segment ebitda distribution segment ebitda decreased $8 million, primarily due to higher selling, general and administrative expenses, lower equity, royalty and interest income from investees, partially offset by higher gross margin. the increase in gross margin was primarily due to higher organic volumes and the acquisition of a north american distributor in the fourth quarter of 2016, partially offset by increased variable compensation expense. gross margin as a percentage of sales declined primarily due to the increase in variable compensation expense. the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily due to higher variable compensation expense, increased compensation expense related to the acquisition of a north american distributor and higher consulting expense. the decrease in equity, royalty and interest income from investees was the result of the acquisition of a north american distributor in 2016 and unfavorable impacts from tax legislation related to withholding taxes on foreign earnings of $4 million.components segment results financial data for the components segment was as follows:
equity, royalty and interest income from investees              54                                                             14               35   %              (1    )          (2   )%
segment ebitda                                               1,030                   917                   774                113               12   %             143               18   %
percentage points                    percentage points segment ebitda as a percentage of total sales                 14.4    %             15.6    %             16.0    %                           (1.2   )                             (0.4   )
segment ebitda components segment ebitda increased $113 million, as higher gross margin and increased equity, royalty and interest income from investees was partially offset by increased research, development and engineering expenses and higher selling, general and administrative expenses. the increase in gross margin was primarily due to higher volumes, improved mix and lower material costs, partially offset by increased warranty costs (primarily $184 million for an engine system campaign) and higher compensation expense driven by the acquisition of the automated transmission business in the third quarter of 2017. see note 9, "product warranty liability," to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on the engine system campaign. the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily due to higher administrative expenses for the automated transmission business, partially offset by lower variable compensation expense. the increase in research, development and engineering expenses was primarily due to higher compensation and administrative expenses due to the addition of the automated transmission business and increased consulting expense. the increase in equity, royalty and interest income from investees was primarily due to higher earnings at fleetguard filtration systems india pvt. as the result of unfavorable tax legislation adjustments in 2017.
segment ebitda components segment ebitda increased $143 million, as higher gross margin was partially offset by increased selling, general and administrative expenses. the increase in gross margin was primarily due to higher volumes, lower material costs and improved leverage, partially offset by higher warranty costs driven by campaigns and changes in estimates, unfavorable pricing and increased variable compensation expense. the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily due to higher compensation expense, especially variable compensation expense and expenses related to the addition of the automated transmission business. decreased equity, royalty and interest income from investees due to unfavorable impacts from tax legislation related to withholding taxes on foreign earnings of $12 million was mostly offset by increased earnings at dongfeng cummins emission solutions co., ltd. and shanghai fleetguard filter co.46
equity, royalty and interest income from investees              56                    54                    42                  2               4     %            12               29   %
segment ebitda                                                 614                   411                   378                203              49     %            33                9   %
percentage points                    percentage points segment ebitda as a percentage of total sales                 13.3    %             10.1    %             10.7    %                           3.2                                 (0.6   )
segment ebitda power systems segment ebitda increased $203 million, primarily due to higher gross margin, partially offset by increased research, development and engineering expenses and higher selling, general and administrative expenses. the increase in gross margin was primarily due to increased volumes, lower warranty expense and reduced material costs, partially offset by higher compensation expense driven by volume growth. the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily due to higher consulting expense. the increase in research, development and engineering expenses was primarily due to higher compensation expense.
segment ebitda power systems segment ebitda increased $33 million, primarily due to higher gross margin, favorable foreign currency fluctuations and higher equity, royalty and interest income from investees, partially offset by increased selling, general and administrative expenses, higher research, development and engineering expenses and the absence of a $17 million gain on the sale of an equity investee (cummins olyan energy) recorded in 2016. the increase in gross margin was primarily due to increased volumes, partially offset by higher warranty cost related to a campaign accrual and higher variable compensation expense. the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily due to higher variable compensation expense and higher consulting expense. the increase in research, development and engineering expenses was primarily due to higher variable compensation expense, increased project spending and higher consulting expense. the increase in equity, royalty and interest income from investees was primarily due to the absence of a joint venture asset impairment recorded in 2016.
electrified power segment results we formed the electrified power segment during the first quarter of 2018. the primary focus of the segment is on research and development activities around fully electric and hybrid powertrain solutions. our intellectual property is developed both in house as well as through acquisitions. as of december 31, 2018, we completed three acquisitions, which provided us with intellectual property as well as start-up sales of $7 million. on november 1, 2017, we purchased brammo inc., a designer and manufacturer of lithium battery packs, electric drive-trains and other electric power applications. on january 31, 2018, we purchased johnson matthey battery systems ltd., a high voltage automotive battery systems designer and on august 15, 2018, we purchased efficient drivetrains, inc., which designs and produces hybrid and fully-electric power solutions for commercial markets. see note 19, "acquisitions," to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on acquisitions. we invested $69 million in research and development activities, which along with the gross margins generated by our acquisitions and selling, general and administrative expenses resulted in a segment ebitda loss of $90 million.
reconciliation of segment ebitda to net income attributable to cummins inc.
total segment ebitda                                                      $3,563                $2,971                $2,509
total ebitda                                                               3,476                 3,026                 2,526
(1) includes intersegment sales, intersegment profit in inventory eliminations and unallocated corporate expenses. there were no significant unallocated corporate expenses
liquidity and capital resources key working capital and balance sheet data we fund our working capital with cash from operations and short-term borrowings, including commercial paper, when necessary. various assets and liabilities, including short-term debt, can fluctuate significantly from month to month depending on short-term liquidity needs. as a result, working capital is a prime focus of management attention. working capital and balance sheet measures are provided in the following table:
working capital (1)                                 $3,434                   $3,251
total debt as a percent of total capital              23.1      %              19.7      %
(1) working capital includes cash and cash equivalents.
net cash provided by operating activities                             $2,378                $2,277                $1,939                  $101                     $338
net cash used in investing activities                                   (974    )           (1,052    )             (917    )   78                                 (135      )
net cash used in financing activities                                 (1,400    )           (1,074    )           (1,413    )             (326      )               339
net cash provided by operating activities increased $101 million, primarily due to higher earnings of $388 million, excluding the net change in the non-cash impact of 2017 tax legislation of $805 million, lower net pension contributions of $210 million, higher non-cash losses on corporate owned life insurance of $78 million and increased equity earnings (net of dividends) of $30 million, partially offset by higher working capital requirements of $575 million and a decrease in deferred tax expense of $43 million. during 2018, higher working capital requirements resulted in a cash outflow of $485 million compared to a cash inflow of $90 million in 2017, primarily due to higher accounts payable and inventory levels in 2018 to support business growth.
net cash used in investing activities decreased $78 million, primarily due to the absence of the acquisition of eaton cummins automated transmission technologies for $600 million in the third quarter of 2017, partially offset by higher capital expenditures of $203 million, lower cash flows from derivatives not designated as hedges of $178 million and higher net investments in marketable securities of $109 million.
net cash used in financing activities increased $326 million, primarily due to higher repurchases of common stock of $689 million, partially offset by increased borrowings of commercial paper of $396 million.
the effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents increased $168 million, primarily due to unfavorable fluctuations in the british pound of $123 million.
net cash provided by operating activities increased $338 million, primarily due to improved earnings of $358 million, excluding the non-cash impact of tax legislation of $820 million and lower working capital levels of $352 million, partially offset by higher pension contributions of $109 million, a decrease in deferred tax expense of $104 million, lower loss contingency charges of $117 million and higher equity earnings (net of dividends) of $77 million. the lower working capital requirements in 2017 resulted in a cash inflow of $90 million compared to a cash outflow of $262 million in 2016.
net cash used in investing activities increased $135 million, primarily due to the acquisition of eaton cummins automated transmission technologies for $600 million in 2017 and the absence of $60 million in proceeds from the sale of of equity investees in 2016, partially offset by lower net investments in marketable securities of $244 million, higher cash flows from derivatives not designated as hedges of $178 million and higher proceeds from the disposal of property, plant and equipment of $96 million.
net cash used in financing activities decreased $339 million versus 2016, primarily due to lower repurchases of common stock of $327 million.
the effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents increased $298 million, primarily due to the british pound, which increased cash and cash equivalents $249 million.
sources of liquidity we generate significant ongoing cash flow. cash provided by operations is our principal source of liquidity with $2.4 billion provided in 2018. at december 31, 2018, our sources of liquidity included:
in millions                                                                  total              u.s.            international       primary location of international balances cash and cash equivalents                                               $1,303              $244                $1,059              u.k., china, singapore, belgium, mexico, australia, canada marketable securities (1)                                        222                 58                            164              india total                                                                   $1,525              $302                $1,223
available credit capacity revolving credit facilities (2)                                         $2,720
international and other uncommitted domestic credit facilities            $237
(1) the majority of marketable securities could be liquidated into cash within a few days.
(2) the five-year credit facility for $2.0 billion and the 364-day credit facility for $1.5 billion, maturing august 2023 and august 2019, respectively, are maintained primarily to provide backup liquidity for our commercial paper borrowings and general corporate purposes. at december 31, 2018, we had $780 million of commercial paper outstanding, which effectively reduced the available capacity under our revolving credit facilities to $2.7 billion.
cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities a significant portion of our cash flows is generated outside the u.s. we manage our worldwide cash requirements considering available funds among the many subsidiaries through which we conduct our business and the cost effectiveness with which those funds can be accessed. as a result, we do not anticipate any local liquidity restrictions to preclude us from funding our operating needs with local resources.
the tax legislation made significant changes to u.s. tax law, which included a one-time transition tax on accumulated foreign earnings of $409 million with a cash impact of $429 million as of december 31, 2018. the payments associated with this deemed repatriation will be paid over eight years. the unrepatriated foreign earnings at december 31, 2018, will be repatriated as needed to fund cash needs. the estimated accrued withholding taxes of $184 million on foreign earnings that we plan to repatriate in the foreseeable future will be paid as cash is repatriated. see note 4, "income taxes," to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
debt facilities and other sources of liquidity on august 22, 2018, we entered into a new five-year revolving credit agreement with a syndicate of lenders. the new credit agreement provides us with a  $2.0 billion  senior unsecured revolving credit facility until august 22, 2023. the credit capacity can be increased by up to $1.0 billion prior to the maturity date. see note 10, "debt," to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
on august 22, 2018, we entered into a new 364-day credit agreement that allows us to borrow up to $1.5 billion of additional unsecured funds at any time through august 21, 2019. the credit capacity can be increased by up to $500 million prior to the maturity date.
both credit agreements include a financial covenant requiring that the leverage ratio of the total debt of the company and its subsidiaries to the consolidated total capital of the company and its subsidiaries may not exceed 0.65 to 1.0. at december 31, 2018, our leverage ratio was 0.20 to 1.0. we intend to maintain credit facilities of a similar aggregate amount by renewing or replacing these facilities before expiration. these revolving credit facilities are maintained primarily to provide backup liquidity for our commercial paper borrowings and for general corporate purposes.
we can issue up to $3.5 billion of unsecured, short-term promissory notes ("commercial paper") pursuant to our board authorized commercial paper programs. the programs facilitate the private placement of unsecured short-term debt through third party brokers. we intend to use the net proceeds from the commercial paper borrowings for general corporate purposes. the total combined borrowing capacity under the revolving credit facility and commercial paper programs should not exceed $3.5 billion. see note 10, "debt," to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
as a well-known seasoned issuer, we filed an automatic shelf registration for an undetermined amount of debt and equity securities with the securities and exchange commission (sec) on february 16, 2016. under this shelf registration we may offer, from time to time, debt securities, common stock, preferred and preference stock, depositary shares, warrants, stock purchase contracts and stock purchase units. our current shelf is scheduled to expire in february 2019. we have begun the renewal process and plan to file a new automatic shelf registration statement in the first quarter of 2019.
uses of cash stock repurchases in october 2018, our board of directors authorized the acquisition of up to $2 billion of additional common stock upon completion of the 2016 repurchase plan. in december 2016, our board of directors authorized the acquisition of up to $1 billion of additional common stock upon completion of the 2015 repurchase plan. for the year ended december 31, 2018, we made the following purchases under our stock repurchase programs:
in millions, except per share amounts                   shares              average cost            total cost of       cash paid for shares not received             remaining purchased                 per share              repurchases                                                     authorized capacity (1)
(1) the remaining authorized capacity under these plans was calculated based on the cost to purchase the shares but excludes commission expenses in accordance with the authorized plan.
on august 8, 2018, we entered into an accelerated share repurchase agreement with goldman sachs & co. llc to repurchase $500 million of our common stock under our previously announced share repurchase plans and received 3.5 million shares at an average price of $144.02 per share.
dividends total dividends paid to common shareholders in 2018, 2017 and 2016 were $718 million, $701 million and $676 million, respectively. declaration and payment of dividends in the future depends upon our income and liquidity position, among other factors, and is subject to declaration by our board of directors, who meet quarterly to consider our dividend payment. we expect to fund dividend payments with cash from operations.
capital expenditures capital expenditures, including spending on internal use software, were $784 million, $587 million and $594 million in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. we continue to invest in new product lines and targeted capacity expansions. we plan to spend an estimated $650 million to $700 million in 2019 on capital expenditures as we continue with product launches and facility improvements. approximately 50 percent of our capital expenditures are expected to be invested outside of the u.s. in 2019. in addition we plan to spend an estimated $65 million to $75 million on internal use software in 2019.
pensions the funded status of our pension plans is dependent upon a variety of variables and assumptions including return on invested assets, market interest rates and levels of voluntary contributions to the plans. in 2018, the investment loss on our u.s. pension trust was 1.7 percent while our u.k. pension trust loss was 1.8 percent. approximately 74 percent of our pension plan assets are held in highly liquid investments such as fixed income and equity securities. the remaining 26 percent of our plan assets are held in less liquid, but market valued investments, including real estate, private equity, venture capital, opportunistic credit and insurance contracts.
we sponsor funded and unfunded domestic and foreign defined benefit pension plans. contributions to the u.s. and u.k. plans were as follows:
defined benefit pension plans voluntary contribution                          $15                $233                $133
defined benefit pension contributions            37                 243                 134
we anticipate making total contributions of approximately $123 million to our defined benefit pension plans in 2019. expected contributions to our defined benefit pension plans in 2019 will meet or exceed the current funding requirements.
current maturities of short and long-term debt we had $780 million of commercial paper outstanding at december 31, 2018, that matures in less than one year. the maturity schedule of our existing long-term debt does not require significant cash outflows until 2023 when our 3.65% senior notes are due. required annual principal payments range from $9 million to $506 million over the next five years. see note 10, "debt," to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
credit ratings our ratings and outlook from each of the credit rating agencies as of the date of filing are shown in the table below.
long-term            short-term credit rating agency (1)                senior debt rating   debt rating   outlook standard &amp; poor's rating services   a+                   a1            stable moody's investors service, inc.         a2                   p1            stable
(1) credit ratings are not recommendations to buy, are subject to change and each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. in addition, we undertake no obligation to update disclosures concerning our credit ratings, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
management's assessment of liquidity our financial condition and liquidity remain strong. our solid balance sheet and credit ratings enable us to have ready access to credit and the capital markets. we assess our liquidity in terms of our ability to generate adequate cash to fund our operating, investing and financing activities. we believe our operating cash flow and liquidity provides us with the financial flexibility needed to fund working capital, common stock repurchases, acquisitions, capital expenditures, dividend payments, projected pension obligations and debt service obligations. we continue to generate cash from operations in the u.s. and maintain access to our revolving credit facility as noted above.
contractual obligations and other commercial commitments a summary of our contractual obligations and other commercial commitments, at december 31, 2018, are as follows:
contractual cash obligations                                                                                      payments due by period in millions                                                       2019             2020-2021             2022-2023            after 2023               total long-term debt and capital lease obligations (1)              $152                $242                  $692                $2,331                $3,417
capital expenditures                                           165                   -                     -                     -                   165
purchase commitments for inventory                             882                   -                     -                     -                   882
other purchase commitments                                     290                  27                     6                    12                   335
transitional tax liability                                       -                  38                   149                   106                   293
other postretirement benefits                                   24                  45                    43                    90                   202
international and other domestic letters of credit             124                  21                     4                     2                   151
guarantees, indemnifications and other commitments              26                   6                     9                    11                    52
the contractual obligations reported above exclude our unrecognized tax benefits of $71 million as of december 31, 2018. we are not able to reasonably estimate the period in which cash outflows relating to uncertain tax contingencies could occur. see note 4, "income taxes," to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.application of critical accounting estimates a summary of our significant accounting policies is included in note 1, "summary of significant accounting policies," of our consolidated financial statements which discusses accounting policies that we have selected from acceptable alternatives.
our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the u.s. (gaap) which often requires management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions regarding uncertainties that affect the reported amounts presented and disclosed in the financial statements. management reviews these estimates and assumptions based on historical experience, changes in business conditions and other relevant factors they believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. in any given reporting period, our actual results may differ from the estimates and assumptions used in preparing our consolidated financial statements.
critical accounting estimates are defined as follows: the estimate requires management to make assumptions about matters that were highly uncertain at the time the estimate was made; different estimates reasonably could have been used; or if changes in the estimate are reasonably likely to occur from period to period and the change would have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. our senior management has discussed the development and selection of our accounting policies, related accounting estimates and the disclosures set forth below with the audit committee of our board of directors. we believe our critical accounting estimates include estimating liabilities for warranty programs, accounting for income taxes and pension benefits and assessing goodwill impairments.
warranty programs we estimate and record a liability for base warranty programs at the time our products are sold. our estimates are based on historical experience and reflect management's best estimates of expected costs at the time products are sold and subsequent adjustment to those expected costs when actual costs differ. as a result of the uncertainty surrounding the nature and frequency of product recall programs, the liability for such programs is recorded when we commit to a recall action or when a recall becomes probable and estimable, which generally occurs when it is announced. our warranty liability is generally affected by component failure rates, repair costs and the point of failure within the product life cycle. future events and circumstances related to these factors could materially change our estimates and require adjustments to our liability. new product launches require a greater use of judgment in developing estimates until historical experience becomes available. product specific experience is typically available four or five quarters after product launch, with a clear experience trend evident eight quarters after launch. we generally record warranty expense for new products upon shipment using a preceding product's warranty history and a multiplicative factor based upon preceding similar product experience and new product assessment until sufficient new product data is available for warranty estimation. we then use a blend of actual new product experience and preceding product historical experience for several subsequent quarters, and new product specific experience thereafter. note 9, "product warranty liability," to our consolidated financial statements contains a summary of the activity in our warranty liability account for 2018, 2017 and 2016 including adjustments to pre-existing warranties.
accounting for income taxes we determine our income tax expense using the asset and liability method. under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax effects of temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis. future tax benefits of net operating loss and credit carryforwards are also recognized as deferred tax assets. we evaluate the recoverability of our deferred tax assets each quarter by assessing the likelihood of future profitability and available tax planning strategies that could be implemented to realize our net deferred tax assets. at december 31, 2018, we recorded net deferred tax assets of $147 million. the assets included $340 million for the value of net operating loss and credit carryforwards. a valuation allowance of $327 million was recorded to reduce the tax assets to the net value management believed was more likely than not to be realized. in the event our operating performance deteriorates, future assessments could conclude that a larger valuation allowance will be needed to further reduce the deferred tax assets.
on december 22, 2017, the u.s. enacted the tax cuts and jobs act (tax legislation). the sec issued guidance permitting final calculations to be completed within a one year measurement period ending december 22, 2018. we made provisional estimates of the effects on our existing deferred tax balances, the one-time transition tax and the withholding tax accrued on those earnings not permanently reinvested at december 31, 2017. as additional tax reform guidance was released during 2018, any provisional amounts were reported in income from continuing operations in the period in which tax reform guidance was issued. we have completed our accounting for the tax effects of the enactment of the tax legislation and included in our reporting the nature and amount of any measurement period adjustments recognized during 2018 and the effect of measurement period adjustments on the effective tax rate.
in addition, we operate within multiple taxing jurisdictions and are subject to tax audits in these jurisdictions. these audits can involve complex issues, which may require an extended period of time to resolve. we accrue for the estimated additional tax and interest that may result from tax authorities disputing uncertain tax positions. we have taken and we believe we have made adequate provisions for income taxes for all years that are subject to audit based upon the latest information available. a more complete description of our income taxes and the future benefits of our net operating loss and credit carryforwards is disclosed in note 4, "income taxes," to our consolidated financial statements.
pension benefits we sponsor a number of pension plans globally, with the majority of assets in the u.s. and the u.k. in the u.s. and the u.k., we have several major defined benefit plans that are separately funded. we account for our pension programs in accordance with employers' accounting for defined benefit pension plans under gaap. gaap requires that amounts recognized in financial statements be determined using an actuarial basis. as a result, our pension benefit programs are based on a number of statistical and judgmental assumptions that attempt to anticipate future events and are used in calculating the expense and liability related to our plans each year at december 31. these assumptions include discount rates used to value liabilities, assumed rates of return on plan assets, future compensation increases, employee turnover rates, actuarial assumptions relating to retirement age, mortality rates and participant withdrawals. the actuarial assumptions we use may differ significantly from actual results due to changing economic conditions, participant life span and withdrawal rates. these differences may result in a material impact to the amount of net periodic pension cost to be recorded in our consolidated financial statements in the future.
the expected long-term return on plan assets is used in calculating the net periodic pension cost. we considered several factors in developing our expected rate of return on plan assets. the long-term rate of return considers historical returns and expected returns on current and projected asset allocations. projected returns are based primarily on broad, publicly traded passive fixed income and equity indices and forward-looking estimates of the value added by active investment management. at december 31, 2018, based upon our target asset allocations, it is anticipated that our u.s. investment policy will generate an average annual return over the 30-year projection period equal to or in excess of 6.25 percent approximately 37 percent of the time, including the additional positive returns expected from active investment management.
the one-year return for our u.s. plans was (1.7) percent for 2018. our u.s. plan assets have averaged annualized returns of 10.22 percent over the prior ten years, and resulted in approximately $313 million of actuarial gains in accumulated other comprehensive income in the same period. based on the historical returns and forward-looking return expectations and as plan assets continue to be de-risked, consistent with our investment policy, we believe an investment return assumption of 6.25 percent per year in 2019 for u.s. pension assets is reasonable.
the methodology used to determine the rate of return on pension plan assets in the u.k. was based on establishing an equity-risk premium over current long-term bond yields adjusted based on target asset allocations. at december 31, 2018, based upon our target asset allocations, it is anticipated that our u.k. investment policy will generate an average annual return over the 20-year projection period equal to or in excess of 4 percent approximately 50 percent of the time. the one-year return for our u.k. plans was (1.8) percent for 2018. we have generated average annualized returns of 9.97 percent over ten years, resulting in approximately $352 million of actuarial gains in accumulated other comprehensive income. our strategy with respect to our investments in pension plan assets is to be invested with a long-term outlook. based on the historical returns and forward-looking return expectations as the plan assets continue to be de-risked, we believe an investment return assumption of 4.0 percent in 2019 for u.k. pension assets is reasonable. our pension plan asset allocations at december 31, 2018 and 2017 and target allocation for 2019 are as follows:
liability matching                68.0          %            68.0          %                  68.3          %            56.5          %            56.5          %                  56.1          %
gaap for pensions offers various acceptable alternatives to account for the differences that eventually arise between the estimates used in the actuarial valuations and the actual results. it is acceptable to delay or immediately recognize these differences. under the delayed recognition alternative, changes in pension obligations (including those resulting from plan amendments) and changes in the value of assets set aside to meet those obligations are not recognized in net periodic pension cost as they occur but are recognized initially in accumulated other comprehensive loss and subsequently amortized as components of net periodic pension cost systematically and gradually over future periods. in addition to this approach, gaap also allows immediate recognition of actuarial gains or losses. immediate recognition introduces volatility in financial results. we have chosen to delay recognition and amortize actuarial differences over future periods. if we adopted the immediate recognition approach, we would record a loss of $889 million ($699 million after-tax) from cumulative actuarial net losses for our u.s. and u.k. pension plans.
the difference between the expected return and the actual return on plan assets is deferred from recognition in our results of operations and under certain circumstances such as when the difference exceeds 10 percent of the market value of plan assets or the projected benefit obligation, amortized over future years of service. this is also true of changes to actuarial assumptions. under gaap, the actuarial gains and losses are recognized and recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss. at december 31, 2018, we had net pension actuarial losses of $635 million and $230 million for the u.s. and u.k. pension plans, respectively. as these amounts exceed 10 percent of their respective plan assets, the excess is amortized over the average remaining service lives of participating employees. net actuarial losses decreased our shareholders' equity by $74 million after-tax in 2018. the loss is primarily due to lower asset returns in the u.s. and u.k., partially offset by higher discount rates in the u.s. and u.k.
we expect 2019 net periodic pension cost to decrease compared to 2018, primarily due to higher discount rates in the u.s. and u.k., partially offset by a lower expected rate of return in the u.s. the increase in net periodic pension cost in 2018 compared to 2017 was primarily due to lower expected asset returns in the u.s. and u.k. as we de-risked plan trust assets, partially offset by reduced loss amortizations in the u.s. and u.k. the increase in net periodic pension cost in 2017 compared to 2016 was due to on-boarding north american distributors to cummins pension benefits, a lower expected rate of return in the u.s. and u.k. and lower discount rates in the u.s. and u.k.
the discount rate enables us to state expected future cash payments for benefits as a present value on the measurement date. the guidelines for setting this rate are discussed in gaap which suggests the use of a high-quality corporate bond rate. we used bond information provided by moody's investor services, inc. and standard & poor's rating services. all bonds used to develop our hypothetical portfolio in the u.s. and u.k. were deemed high-quality, non-callable bonds (aa or better) at december 31, 2018, by at least one of the bond rating agencies.
our model called for projected payments until near extinction for the u.s. and the u.k. for both countries, our model matches the present value of the plan's projected benefit payments to the market value of the theoretical settlement bond portfolio. a single equivalent discount rate is determined to align the present value of the required cash flow with the value of the bond portfolio. the resulting discount rate is reflective of both the current interest rate environment and the plan's distinct liability characteristics.
discount rate used to value liabilities
the above sensitivities reflect the impact of changing one assumption at a time. a higher discount rate decreases the plan obligations and decreases our net periodic pension cost. a lower discount rate increases the plan obligations and increases our net periodic pension cost. it should be noted that economic factors and conditions often affect multiple assumptions simultaneously and the effects of changes in key assumptions are not necessarily linear. note 11, "pensions and other postretirement benefits," to our consolidated financial statements provides a summary of our pension benefit plan activity, the funded status of our plans and the amounts recognized in our consolidated financial statements.
goodwill impairment we are required to make certain subjective and complex judgments in assessing whether a goodwill impairment event has occurred, including assumptions and estimates used to determine the fair value of our reporting units. we test for goodwill impairment at the reporting unit level and our reporting units are the operating segments or the components of operating segments that constitute businesses for which discrete financial information is available and is regularly reviewed by management.
under gaap for goodwill, we have the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value as a basis for determining whether it is necessary to perform an annual quantitative goodwill impairment test. we have elected this option on certain reporting units. the following events and circumstances are considered when evaluating whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount:
•   macroeconomic conditions, such as a deterioration in general economic conditions, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates and/or other developments in equity and credit markets;
•   industry and market considerations, such as a deterioration in the environment in which an entity operates, material loss in market share and significant declines in product pricing;
•   other relevant entity-specific events, such as material changes in management or key personnel and
•   events affecting a reporting unit, such as a change in the composition or carrying amount of its net assets including acquisitions and dispositions.
the examples noted above are not all-inclusive, and we will consider other relevant events and circumstances that affect the fair value of a reporting unit in determining whether to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test.
our goodwill recoverability assessment is based on our annual strategic planning process. this process includes an extensive review of expectations for the long-term growth of our businesses and forecasted future cash flows.  our valuation method is an "income approach" using a discounted cash flow model in which cash flows anticipated over several periods, plus a terminal value at the end of that time horizon, are discounted to their present value using an appropriate rate of return. our estimates are based upon our historical experience, our current knowledge from our commercial relationships and available external information about future trends.
our valuation method requires us to make projections of revenue, operating expenses, working capital investment and fixed asset additions for the reporting units over a multi-year period. additionally, management must estimate a weighted-average cost of capital, which reflects a market rate, for each reporting unit for use as a discount rate. the discounted cash flows are compared to the carrying value of the reporting unit and, if less than the carrying value, the difference is recorded as a goodwill impairment loss. in addition, we also perform a sensitivity analysis to determine how much our forecasts can fluctuate before the fair value of a reporting unit would be lower than its carrying amount. we perform the required procedures as of the end of our fiscal third quarter. we determined that the automated transmission business is our only reporting unit with material goodwill where the estimated fair value does not substantially exceed the carrying value. the estimated fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount by approximately 21 percent. total goodwill in this reporting unit is $544 million and the total carrying amount at the time of the evaluation was $1.2 billion. this reporting unit is made up of only one business, our joint venture with eaton (eaton cummins automated transmission technologies) which was acquired and recorded at fair value in the third quarter of 2017. as a result, we did not expect that the estimated fair value would exceed the carrying value by a significant amount. we valued this reporting unit primarily using an income approach based on its expected future cash flows. the critical assumptions that factored into the valuation are the projected future revenues and ebitda margins of the
business as well as the discount rate used to present value these future cash flows. a 100 basis point increase in the discount rate would result in a 15 percent decline in the fair value of the reporting unit.
recently adopted and recently issued accounting pronouncements see note 1, "summary of significant accounting policies", to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.