item 1a. risk factors you should carefully consider each of the following risks and uncertainties and all of the other information set forth in this annual report on form 10-k. these risks and uncertainties and other factors may affect forward-looking statements, including those we make in this annual report on form 10-k or elsewhere, such as in news releases or investor or analyst calls, meetings or presentations. the risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. there can be no assurance that we have identified all the risks that affect us. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial also may adversely affect our businesses. any of these risks or uncertainties could cause our actual results to differ materially from our expectations and the expected results discussed in our forward-looking statements. you should not consider past results to be an indication of future performance.
if any of the following risks or uncertainties develops into actual events or if the circumstances described in the risks or uncertainties occur or continue to occur, these events or circumstances could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, results of operations, cash flows and/or financial condition. in that case, our stock price could decline materially, among other effects on us. you should read the following section in conjunction with "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" (which includes our "cautionary statement concerning forward-looking statements" at the end of such section) in the annual report, which is incorporated by reference herein, and our consolidated financial statements and the related notes.
overarching risks risks to our brand and reputation, the aetna acquisition, data governance risks, effectiveness of our talent management and alignment of talent to our business needs, and potential changes in public policy, laws and regulations present overarching risks to our enterprise in 2019 and beyond.
we expect to face significant business challenges and uncertainties in 2019. risks to our brand and reputation, the aetna acquisition, data governance risks, effectiveness of our talent management and alignment of talent to our business needs, and potential changes in public policy, laws and regulations present overarching risks to our enterprise in 2019 and beyond. there can be no assurance regarding our ability to avoid harm to our brand and reputation, our ability to manage the risks inherent in the aetna acquisition or our data governance risks, our ability to manage and align our talent to our business needs or our ability to manage the risks presented by changes in public policy, laws or regulations. in addition, there can be no assurance that the aetna acquisition, united states government fiscal policy, changes to the united states health care system (including changes to the aca, to drug reimbursement and/or drug pricing laws and regulations and/or to laws and regulations governing pbms' interactions with government funded health care programs) or other unanticipated risks will not require us to revise the ways in which we conduct business, put us at risk of loss of business or materially adversely affect our businesses, cash flows, financial condition or results of operations.
reputational risk is inherent in many of the risks we face. the industries in which we operate regularly are negatively perceived by the public and subject to negative publicity, including as a result of adverse media coverage, litigation against us and other industry participants, the ongoing public debates over drug pricing, government involvement in drug pricing and purchasing, pbms and the future of the aca, governmental hearings and/or investigations and actual or perceived shortfalls regarding our industries' or our own products and/or business practices (including pbm operations, drug pricing, insurance coverage determinations and social media and other media relations activities). this risk may be increased as the federal government continues to consider increased involvement in drug reimbursement, pricing and/or purchasing and changes to the laws and regulations governing pbms', pdps' and/or managed medicaid organizations' interactions with government funded health care programs, and as states seek to maintain, replace or repeal elements of the aca such as public exchanges and medicaid expansion within increasingly challenging budget constraints. this risk also may be increased as we continue to offer products and services that make greater use of data and as our business model becomes more focused on delivering health care to consumers. significant reductions or interruptions in funding for government health programs we serve also may lead us to reduce our exposure to these programs, which could adversely affect our brand and reputation.
negative public perception and/or publicity of our industries in general, or of us or our key vendors, brokers or product distribution networks in particular, can further increase our costs of doing business and adversely affect our results of operations and our stock price by:
•   adversely affecting our ability to market and sell our products and/or services and/or retain our existing customers and members;
•   increasing or significantly changing the regulatory and legislative requirements with which we must comply.
data governance failures can adversely affect our reputation, businesses and prospects. our use and disclosure of members', customers' and other constituents' sensitive information is subject to complex regulations at multiple levels. we would be adversely affected if we or our business associates or other vendors fail to adequately protect members', customers' or other constituents' sensitive information.
our information systems are critical to the operation of our businesses. we collect, process, maintain, retain, evaluate, utilize and distribute large amounts of personal health and financial information and other confidential and sensitive data about our customers, members and other constituents in the ordinary course of our businesses. some of our information systems rely upon third party systems to accomplish these tasks. the use and disclosure of such information is regulated at the federal, state and international levels, and these laws, rules and regulations are subject to change and increased enforcement activity, such as the eu's gdpr which began to apply across the eu during 2018 and the audit program implemented by hhs under hipaa. in some cases, such laws, rules and regulations also apply to our vendors and/or may hold us liable for any violations by our vendors. international laws, rules and regulations governing the use and disclosure of such information are generally more stringent than in the united states, and they vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. noncompliance with any privacy or security laws or regulations, or any security breach, cyber-attack or cybersecurity breach, and any incident involving the theft, misappropriation, loss or other unauthorized disclosure of, or access to, sensitive or confidential member, customer or other constituent information, whether by us, by one of our vendors or by another third party, could require us to expend significant resources to remediate any damage, interrupt our operations and damage our brand and reputation, and could also result in investigations, regulatory enforcement actions, material fines and penalties, loss of customers, litigation or other actions which could have a material adverse effect on our brand, reputation, businesses, results of operations and cash flows.
our businesses depend on our customers' and members' willingness to entrust us with their health related and other sensitive personal information. events that adversely affect that trust, including inadequate disclosure to our members or customers of our uses of their information, failing to keep our information technology systems and our members', customers' and other constituents' sensitive information secure from significant attack, theft, damage, loss or unauthorized disclosure or access, whether as a result of our action or inaction or that of our business associates, vendors or other third parties, could adversely affect our brand and reputation, membership and results of operations and also can and/or has exposed us to mandatory disclosure to the media, litigation (including class action litigation), governmental investigations and enforcement proceedings, page 29
material fines, penalties and/or remediation costs, and compensatory, special, punitive and statutory damages, consent orders, adverse actions against our licenses to do business and/or injunctive relief, any of which could adversely affect our businesses, cash flows, results of operations or financial condition. large scale data breaches at other entities increase the challenge we and our vendors face in maintaining the security of our information technology systems and of our customers', members' and other constituents' sensitive information. there can be no assurance that additional such failures will not occur, or if any do occur, that we will detect them or that they can be sufficiently remediated.
we face significant competition in attracting and retaining talented employees. further, managing succession for, and retention of, key executives is critical to our success, and our failure to do so could adversely affect our future performance.
our ability to attract and retain qualified and experienced employees is essential to meet our current and future goals and objectives. there is no guarantee we will be able to attract and retain such employees or that competition among potential employers will not result in increased salaries or other benefits. if we are unable to retain existing employees or attract additional employees, or we experience an unexpected loss of leadership, we could experience a material adverse effect on our businesses and results of operations.
in addition, our failure to adequately plan for succession of senior management and other key management roles or the failure of key employees to successfully transition into new roles could have a material adverse effect on our businesses and results of operations. the succession plans we have in place and our employment arrangements with certain key executives do not guarantee the services of these executives will continue to be available to us.
we are subject to potential changes in public policy, laws and regulations, including reform of the united states health care system, that can adversely affect the markets for our products and services and our businesses, operations, results of operations, cash flows and prospects.
the political environment in which we operate remains uncertain. it is reasonably possible that our business operations and results of operations could be materially adversely affected by legislative, regulatory and public policy changes at the federal or state level, increased government involvement in drug reimbursement, pricing and/or purchasing, increased regulation of pbms, changes to medicare, medicaid or the regulatory environment for health care benefits, including the aca, changes to drug reimbursement and/or pricing laws and regulations, changes to the laws and regulations governing pbms', pdps' and/or managed medicaid organizations' interactions with government funded health care programs, changes to immigration policies and/or many other public policy initiatives. for example, in january 2019, hhs proposed regulations that would exclude from the current safe harbor under the federal anti-kickback statute manufacturer's rebates on prescription drugs paid to pbms, pdps and managed medicaid organizations in connection with federally funded health care programs. it is not possible to predict whether or when any such changes will occur or what form any such changes may take (including through the use of united states presidential executive orders). other significant changes to health care system legislation or regulation as well as changes with respect to tax and trade policies, tariffs and other government regulations affecting trade between the united states and other countries are also possible and could adversely affect us. if we fail to respond adequately to such changes, including by implementing strategic and operational initiatives, or do not do so as effectively as our competitors, our businesses, operations and results of operations may be materially adversely affected.
in addition to efforts to amend, repeal or replace the aca and related regulations, we expect the federal and state governments to continue to enact and seriously consider many broad-based legislative and regulatory proposals that will or could materially impact various aspects of the health care and related benefits system and our businesses. potential modification to the aca, including changes in enforcement and/or funding that further destabilize the public exchanges, as well as significant changes to medicaid funding could impact the number of americans with health insurance and, consequently, prescription drug coverage. further changes to federal health care laws, including the aca, drug reimbursement and pricing laws and/or laws governing pbms', pdps' and/or managed medicaid organizations' interactions with government funded health care programs, are probable. we cannot predict the effect, if any, that new health care legislation, future changes to the aca or the implementation or failure to implement the outstanding provisions of aca, may have on our retail pharmacy, ltc pharmacy, specialty pharmacy, pharmacy services and/or health care benefits operations and/or results of operations. the federal and many state governments also are considering changes in the interpretation, enforcement and/or application of existing programs, laws and regulations, including changes to payments under and funding of medicare and medicaid programs.
in addition, much of the branded and generic drug product that we sell in our retail, mail and specialty pharmacies, and much of the other merchandise we sell, is manufactured in whole or in substantial part outside of the united states. in most cases, the products or merchandise are imported by others and sold to us. as a result, significant changes in tax or trade policies, tariffs or trade relations between the united states and other countries, such as the imposition of unilateral tariffs on imported products, could result in significant increases in our costs, restrict our access to suppliers, depress economic activity, and have a material page 30
adverse effect on our businesses, cash flows and results of operations. in addition, other countries may change their business and trade policies and such changes, as well as any negative sentiments towards the united states in response to increased import tariffs and other changes in united states trade regulations, could adversely affect our businesses.
we cannot predict the enactment or content of new legislation and regulations or changes to existing laws or regulations or their enforcement, interpretation or application, or the effect they will have on our business operations or results of operations, which could be materially adverse. even if we could predict such matters, it is not possible to eliminate the adverse impact of public policy changes that would fundamentally change the dynamics of one or more of the industries in which we operate. examples of such change include: the federal or one or more state governments fundamentally restructuring or reducing the funding available for medicare, medicaid, dual eligible or dual eligible special needs plan programs, increasing its involvement in drug reimbursement, pricing and/or purchasing, changing the laws and regulations governing pbms', pdps' and/or managed medicaid organizations' interactions with government funded health care programs, changing the tax treatment of health or related benefits, or repealing or otherwise significantly altering the aca. the likelihood of adverse changes remains high due to state and federal budgetary pressures, and our businesses and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by such changes, even if we correctly predict their occurrence. for more information on these matters, see "government regulation" included in item 1 of this annual report on form 10-k.
our strategy includes effectively investing our capital and human resources in appropriate strategic projects, current operations and acquisitions to transform our businesses in response to the changing dynamics in the industries in which we operate. our strategic projects include, among other things: integrating the aetna acquisition; significant investments in human and technology resources to expand our consumer-oriented products and services; optimizing our business platforms; managing certain significant technology projects; further improving relations with manufacturers, suppliers and health care providers; negotiating contract changes with customers, manufacturers, suppliers and health care providers and implementing other business process improvements. implementing our strategic initiatives will require significant investments of capital and human resources. among other things, we will need to simultaneously acquire and develop new personnel, products and systems to serve existing and new customers with existing and new products and to enhance our existing customer service, information technology, control and compliance processes and systems. the future performance of our businesses will depend in large part on our ability to design and implement our strategic initiatives, some of which will occur over several years. if these initiatives do not achieve their objectives, our results of operations could be adversely affected.
our enterprise strategy may not be an effective response to the changing dynamics in the industries in which we operate, and we may fail to recognize and position ourselves to capitalize upon market opportunities. we may not have sufficient advance notice and resources to develop and effectively implement an alternative strategy. if our existing competitors and/or new entrants (whether vertical, horizontal or online/digital/e-commerce) into one or more of our businesses create new disruptive business models and/or develop new offerings that customers, members and/or health care providers prefer to our offerings, we may lose customers, members and/or providers, and our results of operations, cash flows and/or prospects may be adversely affected. in addition, our results of operations, cash flows and/or prospects may be adversely affected by consolidation among the participants in the industries in which we operate and/or our customer base. our businesses and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by such changes, even if we correctly predict their occurrence.
the continued efforts of hmos, mcos, pbms, government entities, and other third party payors to reduce prescription drug costs and pharmacy reimbursement rates, as well as litigation and other legal proceedings relating to how drugs are priced, may adversely affect our profitability. in particular, increased utilization of generic drugs (which normally yield a higher gross profit rate than equivalent brand named drugs) has resulted in pressure to decrease reimbursement payments to retail, specialty, ltc and mail order pharmacies for generic drugs, causing a reduction in our margins on sales of generic drugs. historically, the effect of this trend on generic profitability has been mitigated by the introduction of new multi-source generic drugs as well as inflation on brand name drugs and by our efforts to negotiate reduced acquisition costs of generic drugs with manufacturers. however, in recent years, there has been significant consolidation within the generic manufacturing industry and in 2019 we expect fewer new multi-source generic drugs to be introduced and lower brand name drug inflation than in recent prior years, and it is possible that these and other external factors may enhance the ability of manufacturers to sustain or increase pricing of generic drugs and diminish our ability to negotiate reduced acquisition costs. any inability to offset increased brand name or page 31
generic prescription drug costs or to modify our activities to lessen the financial impact of such increased costs could have a significant adverse effect on our results of operations.
in addition, during the past several years, the united states health care industry has been subject to an increase in governmental regulation and audits at both the federal and state levels. efforts to control health care costs, including prescription drug costs, are continuing at the federal and state government levels. changing political, economic and regulatory influences may significantly affect health care financing and reimbursement practices. for example, we anticipate that federal and state governments will continue to review and assess alternative health care delivery systems, payment methodologies and operational requirements for health care providers, including ltc facilities and pharmacies, and participants in government funded health care programs. a change in the composition of pharmacy prescription volume toward programs offering lower reimbursement rates could adversely affect our profitability. any action taken to repeal or replace all or significant parts of aca also could adversely affect our profitability, though it is unclear at this time what the full effects of any such changes would be.
the aca made several significant changes to medicaid rebates and to reimbursement rates. one of these changes was to revise the definition of the average manufacturer price, a pricing element common to most payment formulas, and the reimbursement formula for generic drugs. this change has adversely affected the reimbursements we receive when we dispense prescription drugs to medicaid recipients. in addition, the aca made other changes that affect the coverage and plan designs that are or will be provided by many of our health plan clients, including the requirement for health insurers to meet a minimum mlr to avoid having to pay rebates to enrollees. these aca changes may not affect our businesses directly, but they could indirectly impact our services, business practices and/or results of operations.
the pbm industry has been experiencing margin pressure as a result of competitive pressures and increased client demands for lower prices, increased revenue sharing, enhanced service offerings and/or higher service levels. in that regard, we maintain contractual relationships with generic drug manufacturers and brand name drug manufacturers that provide for purchase discounts and/or rebates on drugs dispensed by pharmacies in our retail network and by our specialty and mail order pharmacies (all or a portion of which may be passed on to clients). manufacturer's rebates often depend on a pbm's ability to meet contractual market share or other requirements, including in some cases the placement of a manufacturer's products on the pbm's formularies. if we lose our relationship with one or more drug manufacturers, or if the discounts or rebates provided by drug manufacturers decline, our businesses and results of operations could be adversely affected. further, competitive pressures in the pbm industry have resulted in our clients sharing in a larger portion of rebates and/or discounts received from drug manufacturers. marketplace dynamics and regulatory changes also have impacted our ability to offer plan sponsors pricing that includes the use of retail "differential" or "spread", which could adversely affect our future profitability, and we expect these trends to continue. further, changes in existing federal or state laws or regulations or the adoption of new laws or regulations relating to additional regulation of pbms, drug pricing or purchasing, patent term extensions, purchase discount and/or rebate arrangements with drug manufacturers, or additional regulation of pbms, formulary management or other pbm services could also reduce the discounts or rebates we receive. in addition, changes in federal or state laws or regulations or the adoption of new laws or regulations relating to claims processing and billing, including our ability to use mac lists and collect transmission fees, could adversely affect our profitability.
our retail pharmacy, specialty pharmacy and ltc pharmacy operations also have been affected by the margin pressures described above, including client demands for lower prices, generic pricing and network reimbursement pressure. in addition, as competition increases in the geographies in which we operate, including competition from new entrants, a significant increase in general pricing pressures could occur, and this could require us to reevaluate our pricing structures to remain competitive. a shift in the mix of our pharmacy prescription volume towards programs offering lower reimbursement rates could adversely affect our margins, including the ongoing shift in pharmacy mix towards 90-day prescriptions at retail and the ongoing shift in pharmacy mix towards medicare part d prescriptions. finally, the margins of our ltc business are further affected by the increased efforts of health care payors to negotiate reduced or capitated pricing arrangements. these actions could also adversely affect the margins of our ltc business.
our businesses are affected by the united states economy and consumer confidence in general and in the geographies we serve, including various economic factors, inflation and changes in consumer purchasing power, preferences and/or spending patterns. it is possible that an unfavorable, uncertain or volatile economic environment will cause a decline in drug utilization, an increase in health care utilization and dampen demand for pbm services as well as consumer demand for products sold in our retail stores. further, economic conditions including interest rate fluctuations, changes in capital market conditions and page 32
regulatory changes may affect our ability to obtain necessary financing on acceptable terms, our ability to secure suitable store locations under acceptable terms and our ability to execute sale-leaseback transactions under acceptable terms. adverse changes in the united states economy, consumer confidence and economic conditions could have an adverse effect on our businesses and financial results. this adverse effect could be further exacerbated by the increasing prevalence of high deductible health plans and health plan designs favoring co-insurance over co-payments as members and other consumers may decide to postpone, or not to seek, medical treatment which may lead them to incur more expensive medical treatment in the future and/or decrease our prescription volumes.
in addition, our health care benefits membership remains concentrated in certain geographic areas in the united states and in certain industries. unfavorable changes in health care or other benefit costs or reimbursement rates or increased competition in those geographic areas where our membership is concentrated could therefore have a disproportionately adverse effect on our health care benefits results of operations. our health care benefits membership has been and may continue to be affected by workforce reductions by our customers due to adverse and/or uncertain general economic conditions, especially in the united states geographies and industries where our membership is concentrated. as a result, we may not be able to profitably grow and diversify our health care benefits membership geographically, by product type or by customer industry, and our revenue and results of operations may be disproportionately affected by adverse changes affecting our customers.
we operate in a highly competitive business environment. competitive and economic pressures may limit our ability to increase pricing to reflect higher costs or may force us to accept lower margins. if customers elect to self-insure, reduce benefits or adversely renegotiate or amend their agreements with us, our revenues and results of operations will be adversely affected. we may not be able to obtain appropriate pricing on new or renewal business.
each of our businesses currently operates in a highly competitive and evolving business environment. we must compete successfully with existing competitors and new entrants, including strategic alliances and online, digital and e-commerce companies.
the competitive success of our retail pharmacy business, as well as our specialty pharmacy operations with third-party payors, is dependent on our ability to establish and maintain contractual relationships with pbms and other payors on acceptable terms in an environment where some pbm clients are considering adopting narrow or restricted retail pharmacy networks. as a pharmacy retail business, we compete with other drugstore chains, supermarkets, online and other discount retailers, independent pharmacies, membership clubs, convenience stores and mass merchants, some of which are aggressively expanding into markets we serve. we also face competition from other retail health care clinics, as well as other mail order pharmacies and pbms. disruptive innovation by existing or new competitors could alter the competitive landscape in the future and require us to accurately identify and assess such changes and make timely and effective changes to our strategies and business model to compete effectively. competition may also come from other sources in the future. changes in market dynamics or the actions of competitors or manufacturers, including industry consolidation, the emergence of new competitors and strategic alliances, and decisions to exclude us from new narrow or restricted retail pharmacy networks, could materially and adversely affect our businesses, results of operations, cash flows and prospects.
we also could be adversely affected if we fail to identify or effectively respond to changes in market dynamics. for example, specialty pharmacy represents a significant and growing proportion of prescription drug spending in the united states, a significant portion of which is dispensed outside of traditional retail pharmacies. because our specialty pharmacy operations focus on complex and high-cost medications that serve a relatively limited universe of patients, the future growth of this business depends to a significant extent upon expanding our ability to access key drugs and successfully penetrate key treatment categories.
the competitive success of our ltc pharmacy operations is dependent upon our ability to compete in each geographic region where we have operations. in the geographic regions we serve, we compete with pharmerica, our largest ltc pharmacy competitor, as well as with numerous local and regional institutional pharmacies, pharmacies owned by long-term care facilities and local retail pharmacies. our ltc pharmacy customers consist of skilled nursing facilities, assisted living facilities, independent living communities, hospitals, correctional facilities, and other health care service providers. one of our growth opportunities is to increase our penetration rate in the assisted living segment, where residents can choose which pharmacy will provide them with prescription drugs. the ability of a resident of an assisted living facility to select the pharmacy that supplies him or her with prescription drugs could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations because there can be no assurance that such resident will select us.
the competitive success of our pharmacy services business is impacted by its ability to establish and maintain contractual relationships with network pharmacies in an environment where some pbm clients are considering adopting narrow or restricted retail pharmacy networks. competitors in the pbm industry (e.g., the express scripts business of cigna corporation, page 33
optumrx, prime therapeutics, medimpact and humana), include large, national pbm companies, pbms owned by large national health plans and smaller standalone pbms. competition also may come from other sources in the future. in addition, changes in the overall composition of our pharmacy networks, or reduced pharmacy access under our networks, could adversely affect our claims volume and/or our competitiveness generally.
customer contracts in our health care benefits segment are generally for a period of one year, and our customers have considerable flexibility in moving between us and our competitors. one of the key factors on which we compete for customers, especially in uncertain economic environments, is overall cost. we are therefore under pressure to contain premium price increases despite being faced with increasing health care and other benefit costs and increasing operating costs. if we are unable to increase our prices to reflect increasing costs, our profitability will be adversely affected. if we are unable to limit our price increases, we may lose members to competitors with more favorable pricing, adversely affecting our revenues and results of operations. in response to rising prices, our customers may elect to self-insure or to reduce benefits in order to limit increases in their benefit costs. alternatively, our customers may purchase different types of products from us that are less profitable. such elections may result in reduced membership in our more profitable insured products and/or lower premiums for our insured products, which may adversely affect our revenues and results of operations, although such elections also may reduce our health care and other benefit costs. in addition, our medicare, medicaid and chip products are subject to termination without cause, periodic re-bid, rate adjustment and program redesign, as customers seek to contain their benefit costs, particularly in an uncertain economy. these actions may adversely affect our membership, revenues and results of operations competitors in each of our businesses may offer services and pricing terms that we may not be willing or able to offer. for example, strong competition in the pbm marketplace has generated greater client demand for lower pricing, increased revenue sharing and enhanced product and service offerings. unless we can demonstrate enhanced value to our clients through innovative product and service offerings, particularly in a rapidly changing health care industry, we may be unable to remain competitive.
we may lose clients and/or fail to win new business. if we fail to compete effectively in the geographies and product areas in which we operate, including maintaining or increasing membership in our health care benefits segment, our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
our pbm business generates revenues primarily by contracting with clients to provide prescription drugs and related health care services to plan members. pbm client contracts often have terms of approximately three years in duration, so approximately one third of a pbm's client base typically is subject to renewal each year. in some cases, however, pbm clients may negotiate a shorter or longer contract term or may require early or periodic renegotiation of pricing prior to expiration of a contract. our clients are generally well informed and organized, can move between our competitors and often seek competing bids prior to expiration of their contracts. in addition, the reputational impact of a service-related incident could adversely affect our businesses. these factors, together with the impact of competitive pressures, could make it difficult for us to attract new clients, retain existing clients and cross-sell additional products and/or services. further, the pbm industry has been affected by consolidation activity that may continue in the future. if one or more of our pbm clients is acquired by an entity that is not also our client, we may be unable to retain all or a portion of the acquired client's business. these circumstances, either individually or in the aggregate, could result in an adverse effect on our businesses and financial results. therefore, we continually face challenges in competing for new pbm business and retaining or renewing our existing pbm business. with respect to our ltc pharmacy business, reimbursement from skilled nursing facilities for prescriptions we dispense is determined pursuant to our agreements with those skilled nursing facilities. the termination of these agreements generally terminates our ability to provide services to any of the residents of that facility, resulting in the loss of revenue from any source for those residents. there can be no assurance that we will be able to win new business or secure renewal business on terms as favorable to us as the present terms.
additionally, with respect to our retail and ltc pharmacy businesses, reimbursement under medicare part d, as well as reimbursement from certain private third-party payors, is determined pursuant to agreements that we negotiate with those payors or their pbm representatives. the loss of those agreements, or a material change in the terms of those agreements, could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. in addition, restricted networks that exclude our retail or specialty pharmacies adversely affect those businesses.
the health care and related benefits industry is highly competitive, primarily due to a large number of for-profit and not-for-profit competitors, our competitors' marketing and pricing, and a proliferation of competing products, including new products that are continually being introduced into the marketplace. our health care benefits segment faces significant competition in all of the geographies and product areas in which it operates. new entrants into the marketplace, as well as consolidation within the industry, have contributed to and are expected to intensify the competitive environment. in addition, the rapid pace of change as the industry evolves towards a consumer-focused retail marketplace, including insurance exchanges, and the page 34
increased use of technology to interact with members, providers and customers, increase the risks we currently face from new entrants and disruptive actions by existing competitors compared to prior periods.
our health care benefits segment competes on the basis of many factors, including perceived overall quality, quality of service, comprehensiveness of coverage, cost (including premium, provider discounts and member out-of-pocket costs), product design, financial stability and ratings, breadth and quality of provider networks, providers available in such networks, and quality of member support and care management programs. our health care benefits segment's competitors include, among others, unitedhealth group incorporated, anthem, inc., humana inc., cigna corporation, wellcare health plans, inc., centene corporation, molina healthcare, inc., kaiser permanente, health system owned health plans and new entrants into the marketplace, and numerous for-profit and not-for-profit organizations operating under licenses from the blue cross and blue shield association. the health care benefits segment's largest competitor in its medicare products is original medicare. additional competitors in this segment's businesses include other types of medical and dental provider organizations, various specialty service providers (including pbm services providers), health care consultants, financial services companies, integrated health care delivery organizations (networks of providers who also coordinate administrative services for and assume insurance risk of their members), tpas, hit companies and, for certain plans, programs sponsored by the federal or state governments. emerging competitors include start up health care benefit plans, provider-owned health plans, new joint ventures (including for-profit and not-for-profit joint ventures among firms from multiple industries), technology firms, financial services firms that are distributing competing products on their proprietary private exchanges, consulting firms that are distributing competing products on their proprietary private exchanges, as well as non-traditional distributors such as retail companies. in particular geographies, competitors may have greater capabilities, resources or membership; a more established reputation; superior supplier or health care professional pricing and contract terms; better business relationships; or other factors that give such competitors a competitive advantage. the health care benefits segment competes for sales on insurance exchanges and is developing and expanding its consumer health products and services product and service offerings, where we face additional risks from existing and new competitors (including our vendors) who have lower cost structures, greater experience marketing to consumers and/or who target the higher margin portions of our business. among the health care benefits segment's international and hit competitors, many have longer operating histories, better brand recognition and greater market presence in many of the areas in which the segment is seeking to expand and more experience at rapidly innovating products.
there can be no assurance that the aetna acquisition will not adversely affect any of our segments' respective abilities to attract new clients or retain existing clients or our ability to cross-sell additional products and/or services within any segment or between segments. if we do not compete effectively in the geographies and product areas in which we operate, our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
if our customers' operating and financial performance deteriorates, or they are unable to make scheduled payments or obtain adequate financing, our customers may not be able to pay timely, or may delay payment of, amounts owed to us. any inability of our customers to pay us for our products and services may adversely affect our businesses, financial condition and results of operations. in addition, both state and federal government sponsored payers, as a result of budget deficits or reductions, may suspend payments or seek to reduce their healthcare expenditures resulting in our customers delaying payments to us or renegotiating their contracts with us. any delay or reduction in payments by such government sponsored payers may adversely affect our businesses, financial condition and results of operations.
we are subject to assessments under guaranty fund laws for obligations of insolvent insurance companies (such as the discounted estimated liability expense of $231 million pretax for our estimated share of future assessments for penn treaty network america insurance company and one of its subsidiaries that aetna recorded in the first quarter of 2017), hmos, aca co‐ops and other payors to policyholders and claimants.
we face risks relating to the market availability, pricing, suppliers and safety profiles of prescription drugs that we purchase and sell.
we dispense significant volumes of brand-name and generic drugs from our retail, ltc, specialty and mail order pharmacies and through our pbm's network of retail pharmacies. when increased safety risk profiles or manufacturing or other supply issues of specific drugs or classes of drugs occur, or drugs become subject to greater restrictions as controlled substances, physicians may cease writing prescriptions for these drugs or the utilization of these drugs may be otherwise reduced.
additionally, adverse publicity regarding drugs with higher safety risk profiles may result in reduced consumer demand for such drugs. on occasion, products are withdrawn by their manufacturers or transition to over-the-counter products, which can page 35
result in lower prescription utilization. in addition, future fda rulings could restrict the supply or increase the cost of products sold to our customers. our results of operations and cash flows may decline as a result of such regulatory rulings or market changes.
further, we acquire a substantial amount of our mail and specialty pharmacies' prescription drug supply from a limited number of suppliers. our agreements with these suppliers are often short-term and easily cancelable by either party without cause. in addition, these agreements may limit our ability to provide services for competing drugs during the term of the agreement and may allow the supplier to distribute through channels other than us. certain of these agreements also allow pricing and other terms to be adjusted periodically for changing market conditions or required service levels. a termination or modification to any of these relationships could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, financial condition and results of operations. moreover, many products distributed by our specialty pharmacy business are manufactured with ingredients that are susceptible to supply shortages. in some cases, we depend upon a single source of supply. any such supply shortages or loss of any such single source of supply could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows.
in addition, our suppliers are independent entities subject to their own operational and financial risks that are outside our control. if our current suppliers were to stop selling prescription drugs to us or delay delivery, including as a result of supply shortages, supplier production disruptions, supplier quality issues, closing or bankruptcies of our suppliers, or for other reasons, we may be unable to procure alternatives from other suppliers in a timely and efficient manner and on acceptable terms, or at all.
a disruption in our business operations could occur as a result of contamination of drugs, a failure to maintain necessary shipment and storage conditions, errors in mail order processing, the unavailability of prescription drugs provided by suppliers, labor disruptions or other unanticipated disruptions at our mail order dispensing pharmacy facilities, specialty pharmacy facilities, call centers, data centers or corporate facilities, among other factors. such disruption could reduce our ability to process and dispense prescriptions and provide products and services to our customers.
if any products we distribute are in limited supply for significant periods of time, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
the profitability of our retail/ltc and pharmacy services segments is dependent upon the utilization of prescription drug products. utilization trends are affected by, among other factors, the introduction of new and successful prescription drugs as well as lower-priced generic alternatives to existing brand name products because we generally earn higher gross margins on the sale of generic alternatives than on brand name equivalents. in addition, inflation in the price of brand name drugs can affect utilization, particularly given the increase in high deductible health plans. accordingly, our businesses and results of operations could be adversely affected by a slowdown or delay in the number or magnitude of new and successful prescription drugs and/or generic alternatives, as well as inflation in the price of brand name drugs. for example, we project that the operating income of our pharmacy services and retail/ltc segments may be reduced in 2019 compared to 2018 due in part to fewer new multi-source generic drugs being introduced and lower brand name drug price inflation in 2019 than 2018.
it is possible that the pharmaceutical industry or regulators may evaluate and/or develop an alternative pricing reference to replace awp or wholesale acquisition cost ("wac"), which are the pricing references used for many of our pbm and ltc client contracts, drug purchase agreements, retail network contracts, specialty payor agreements and other contracts with third party payors in connection with the reimbursement of drug payments. in addition, many state medicaid fee-for-service programs ("ffs medicaid") have established pharmacy network payments on the basis of actual acquisition cost ("aac"). the use of an aac basis in ffs medicaid could have an impact on reimbursement practices in other commercial and government products. future changes to the use of awp, wac or to other published pricing benchmarks used to establish drug pricing, including changes in the basis for calculating reimbursement by federal and state health programs and/or other payors, could impact the reimbursement we receive from medicare and medicaid programs, the reimbursement we receive from our pbm clients and other payors and/or our ability to negotiate rebates and/or discounts with drug manufacturers, wholesalers, pbms and retail pharmacies. a failure or inability to fully offset any increased prices or costs or to modify our operations to mitigate the impact of such increases could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. additionally, any future changes in drug prices could be significantly different than our projections. the effect of these possible changes on our businesses cannot be predicted at this time.
product liability, product recall or personal injury issues could damage our reputation.
the products that we sell could become subject to contamination, product tampering, mislabeling, recall or other damage. in addition, errors in the dispensing and packaging of drugs and consuming drugs in a manner that is not prescribed could lead to serious injury or death. product liability or personal injury claims may be asserted against us with respect to any of the drugs or other products we sell or services we provide. for example, we are a defendant in litigation proceedings relating to opioids and the sale of products containing talc. our businesses involve the provision of professional services, including by pharmacists, physician assistants, nurses and nurse practitioners, that exposes us to professional liability claims. should a product or other liability issue arise, the coverage limits under our insurance programs and the indemnification amounts available to us may not be adequate to protect us against claims. we also may not be able to maintain our existing levels of insurance on acceptable terms in the future. damage to our reputation in the event of a product liability or personal injury issue or judgment against us or a product recall could have a significant adverse effect on our businesses, financial condition and results of operations.
we are seeking to substantially grow our medicare advantage and medicare part d membership, revenue and results of operations in 2019 and over the next several years, including by significantly expanding our medicare advantage service area. the organic expansion of our medicare advantage service area is subject to the ability of cms to process our requests for service area expansions and our ability to build cost competitive provider networks in the expanded service areas that meet applicable network adequacy requirements. cms' decisions on our requests for service area expansions also may be affected adversely by compliance issues that arise each year in our medicare operations. if we are not successful in expanding our medicare advantage service area, we may not be able to achieve our medicare advantage growth goals.
we face challenges in growing our medicaid membership, and expanding our medicaid membership exposes us to additional risks.
we are seeking to substantially grow our medicaid, dual eligible and dual eligible special needs plan membership over the next several years. in many instances, to acquire and retain our government customers' business, we must bid against our competitors in a highly competitive environment. winning bids often are challenged successfully by unsuccessful bidders. our ability to maintain and grow membership, revenues and results of operations in our medicaid products is dependent on our remaining competitive on price, performance and preparing successful bids. in cases where a successful bid is challenged, we incur defense costs and may incur unreimbursed implementation and other costs to meet contractual deadlines even if we ultimately lose the challenge.
if we are successful in expanding our medicaid membership, we may increase our exposure to states that face budgetary pressures, hospitals and other providers that face revenue challenges associated with uncompensated care and pressures on our operating margins driven by the projected rapid growth in the size of and cost of care for the medicaid eligible population.
a change in our health care benefits product mix may adversely affect our profit margins.
our insured health care benefits products that involve greater potential risk generally tend to be more profitable than our asc products. historically, smaller employer groups have been more likely to purchase insured health care benefits products because such purchasers are generally unable or unwilling to bear greater liability for health care expenditures, although recently even relatively small employers have moved to asc products. we also serve government-sponsored programs, including medicare and medicaid, that are subject to competitive bids and regulatory requirements and have lower profit margins than the insured commercial products in our health care benefits segment. although our health care benefits membership is projected to continue to shift towards government products in 2019, the profitability of each of those products differs and may be less than the profitability of an insured commercial product. a shift of enrollees from more profitable products to less profitable products could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
we may not be able to accurately forecast health care and other benefit costs, which could adversely affect our health care benefits segment's results of operations. there can be no assurance that the future health care and other benefit costs of our insured health care benefits products will not exceed our projections.
premiums for our insured health care benefits products, which comprised 87% of our health care benefits revenues for 2018, are priced in advance based on our forecasts of health care and other benefit costs during a fixed premium period, which is generally one year. these forecasts are typically developed several months before the fixed premium period begins, are influenced by historical data (and recent historical data in particular), are dependent on our ability to anticipate and detect medical cost trends and changes in our members' behavior and healthcare utilization patterns and require a significant degree of page 37
judgment. for example, our revenue on medicare policies is based on bids submitted in june of the year before the contract year. cost increases in excess of our projections cannot be recovered in the fixed premium period through higher premiums. as a result, our profits are particularly sensitive to the accuracy of our forecasts and our ability to anticipate and detect medical cost trends. even relatively small differences between predicted and actual health care and other benefit costs as a percentage of premium revenues can result in significant adverse changes in our results of operations.
our health care and other benefit costs can be affected by external events that we cannot forecast or anticipate and over which we have little or no control, such as emerging changes in the economy and/or public policy, additional government mandated benefits or other regulatory changes, changes in our members' behavior and healthcare utilization patterns, changes in health care practices, new technologies, increases in the cost of prescription drugs, influenza related health care costs (which may be substantial and were higher than aetna projected in 2017-2018), direct-to-consumer marketing by drug manufacturers, clusters of high cost cases, epidemics, pandemics, terrorist attacks or other man-made disasters, natural disasters or other events that materially increase utilization of medical and/or other covered services, including prescription drugs, as well as changes in provider billing practices. our health care and other benefit costs also can be affected by changes in our business mix, product designs, contracts with providers, medical management, underwriting, rating and/or claims processing methods and processes, and our medical management initiatives may not deliver the reduction in utilization and/or medical cost trend that we project.
it is particularly difficult to accurately anticipate, detect, price, forecast, manage and reserve for medical cost trends and utilization of medical and/or other covered services during and following periods when such utilization and/or trends are below recent historical levels, during periods of changing economic conditions and employment levels and for products with substantial membership growth and/or turnover. for example, as of december 31, 2018, we held a premium deficiency reserve of $16 million for the 2019 coverage year related to our medicaid products. we expect utilization to increase in 2019 when compared to 2018.
if health care and other benefit costs are higher than the levels reflected in our pricing or if we are not able to obtain appropriate pricing on new or renewal business, our prices will not reflect the risk we assume, and our results of operations will be adversely affected. if health care and other benefit costs are lower than we predict, our prices may be higher than those of our competitors, which may cause us to lose health care benefits membership.
a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control, contribute to rising health care and other benefit costs. if we are unable to satisfactorily manage our health care and other benefit costs, our health care benefits segment's results of operations and competitiveness will be adversely affected.
a number of factors contribute to rising health care and other benefit costs, including previously uninsured members entering the health care system, changes in members' behavior and healthcare utilization patterns, turnover in our membership, additional government mandated benefits or other regulatory changes, changes in the health status of our members, the aging of the population and other changing demographic characteristics, advances in medical technology, increases in the number and cost of prescription drugs (including specialty pharmacy drugs), direct-to-consumer marketing by drug manufacturers, the increasing influence of social media on our members' utilization and other behavior, changes in health care practices and inflation. in addition, government-imposed limitations on medicare and medicaid reimbursements to health plans and providers have caused the private sector to bear a greater share of increasing health care and other benefits costs over time, and future amendments or repeal or replacement of the aca that increase the uninsured population may exacerbate this problem. other factors that affect our health care and other benefit costs include changes as a result of the aca, changes to the aca and other changes in the regulatory environment, the evolution toward a consumer driven business model, changes in health care practices, general economic conditions (such as inflation and employment levels), new technologies, influenza related health care costs (which may be substantial and were higher than aetna projected in 2017-2018), clusters of high-cost cases, epidemics or pandemics, health care provider and member fraud, and numerous other factors that are or may be beyond our control.
our health care benefits segment's results of operations and competitiveness depend in large part on our ability to appropriately manage future health care and other benefit costs through underwriting criteria, product design, provider network configuration, negotiation of favorable provider contracts and medical management programs. our medical cost management programs may not be successful and may have a smaller impact on health care and benefit costs than we expect. the factors described above may adversely affect our ability to predict and manage health care and other benefit costs, which can adversely affect our competitiveness and results of operations.
the reserves we hold for expected claims in our insured health care benefits products are based on estimates that involve an extensive degree of judgment and are inherently variable. any reserve, including a premium deficiency reserve, may be page 38
insufficient. if actual claims exceed our estimates, our results of operations could be materially adversely affected, and our ability to take timely corrective actions to limit future costs may be limited.
a large portion of health care claims are not submitted to us until after the end of the quarter in which services are rendered by providers to our members. our reported health care costs payable for any particular period reflect our estimates of the ultimate cost of such claims as well as claims that have been reported to us but not yet paid. we also must estimate the amount of rebates payable under the aca's, cms's and opm's minimum mlr rules and the amounts payable by us to, and receivable by us from, the united states federal government under the aca's remaining premium stabilization program.
our estimates of health care costs payable are based on a number of factors, including those derived from historical claim experience, but this estimation process also makes use of extensive judgment. considerable variability is inherent in such estimates, and the accuracy of the estimates is highly sensitive to changes in medical claims submission and processing patterns and/or procedures, turnover and other changes in membership, changes in product mix, changes in the utilization of medical and/or other covered services, including prescription drugs, changes in medical cost trends, changes in our medical management practices and the introduction of new benefits and products. we estimate health care costs payable periodically, and any resulting adjustments, including premium deficiency reserves, are reflected in current-period results of operations within benefit costs. for example, as of december 31, 2018, we held a premium deficiency reserve of $16 million for the 2019 coverage year related to our medicaid products. a worsening (or improvement) of health care cost trend rates or changes in claim payment patterns from those that we assumed in estimating health care costs payable as of december 31, 2018 would cause these estimates to change in the near term, and such a change could be material.
furthermore, if we are not able to accurately and promptly anticipate and detect medical cost trends or accurately estimate the cost of incurred but not yet reported claims or reported claims that have not been paid, our ability to take timely corrective actions to limit future costs and reflect our current benefit cost experience in our pricing process may be limited, which would further exacerbate the extent of any adverse impact on our results of operations. these risks are particularly acute during and following periods when utilization of medical and/or other covered services and/or medical cost trends are below recent historical levels and in products where there is significant turnover in our membership each year, and such risks are further magnified by the aca and other legislation and regulations that limit our ability to price for our projected and/or experienced increases in utilization and/or medical cost trends.
nuclear, biological or other attacks, whether as a result of war or terrorism, other man-made disasters, natural disasters, epidemics, pandemics and other extreme events can affect the united states economy in general, our industries and us specifically. in particular, such extreme events or the threat of such extreme events could result in significant health care (including behavioral health) costs, which would also be affected by the government's actions and the responsiveness of public health agencies and other insurers. in addition, our employees and those of our vendors are concentrated in certain large, metropolitan areas which may be particularly exposed to these events. such events could adversely affect our businesses, cash flows and results of operations, and, in the event of extreme circumstances, our financial condition or viability, particularly if our responses to such events are less adequate than those of our competitors.
changes in public policy and other legal and regulatory risks legislative and regulatory changes could create significant challenges to our medicare advantage and medicare part d revenues and results of operations, and proposed changes to these programs could create significant additional challenges. entitlement program reform, if it occurs, could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, operations and/or results of operations.
medicare advantage payment rates to health plans have been cut over the last several years, with additional reductions to be phased in through 2019. cms issued the final notice in april 2018. overall, we project the benchmark rates in the final notice will increase funding for our medicare advantage business, excluding the impact of coding trend, by approximately 2.5 percent in 2019 compared to 2018. this 2019 rate increase only slightly offsets the challenge we face from the impact of the increasing cost of medical care (including prescription medications), the hif and cms local and national coverage decisions that require us to pay for services and supplies that are not factored into our bids and creates continued pressure on the medicare advantage program and our medicare advantage results of operations. we cannot predict future medicare funding levels, the impact of future federal budget actions or ensure that such changes or actions will not have an adverse effect on our medicare results of operations.
in addition, the "star ratings" from cms for our medicare advantage plans will continue to have a significant effect on our plans' results of operations. since 2015, only medicare advantage plans with a star rating of four or higher (out of five) are eligible for a quality bonus in their basic premium rates. cms continues to change its rating system to make achieving and maintaining a four or higher star rating more difficult. our star ratings and past performance scores are adversely affected by the compliance issues that arise each year in our medicare operations. if our star ratings fall below 4 for a significant portion of our medicare advantage membership or do not match the performance of our competitors or the star rating quality bonuses are reduced or eliminated, our revenues and results of operations may be significantly adversely affected.
payments we receive from cms for our medicare advantage and part d businesses also are subject to risk adjustment based on the health status of the individuals we enroll. elements of that risk adjustment mechanism continue to be challenged by the doj, the oig and cms itself. substantial changes in the risk adjustment mechanism, including changes that result from enforcement or audit actions, could materially affect the fairness of our medicare reimbursement, require us to raise prices or reduce the benefits we offer to medicare beneficiaries, and potentially limit our (and the industry's) participation in the medicare program.
medicare part d has resulted in increased utilization of prescription medications and puts pressure on our pharmacy gross margin rates due to regulatory and competitive pressures. further, as a result of the aca and changes to the retiree drug subsidy rules, clients of our pbm could decide to discontinue providing prescription drug benefits to their medicare-eligible members. to the extent this phenomenon occurs, the adverse effects of increasing customer migration into medicare part d may outweigh the benefits we realize from growth of our medicare part d business. in addition, if the cost and complexity of medicare part d exceed management's expectations or prevent effective program implementation or administration; if changes to the regulations regarding how drug costs are reported for medicare part d are implemented in a manner that adversely affects the profitability of our medicare part d business; if changes to the applicable regulations impact our ability to retain fees from third parties including network pharmacies; if the government alters medicare part d program requirements or reduces funding because of the higher-than-anticipated cost to taxpayers of medicare part d or for other reasons; if the government mandates the use of point-of-sale manufacturer's rebates or up front drug pricing discounts, makes drug manufacturer's rebates illegal, or makes changes to how pharmacy pay-for-performance is calculated; or if reinsurance thresholds are reduced below their current levels, our medicare part d results of operations and our ability to expand our medicare part d business could be adversely affected.
more generally, our medicare results of operations and our ability to expand our medicare membership and revenues also could be adversely affected if we fail to design and maintain programs that are attractive to medicare advantage or part d participants; if cms imposes restrictions on our medicare business as a result of audits or other regulatory actions; if we fail to successfully implement corrective actions or other remedial measures sufficient to prevent or remove any applicable restrictions that may be imposed by cms; or if we are not successful in retaining enrollees, or winning contract renewals or new contracts under medicare's competitive bidding process.
we may not be able to obtain adequate premium rate increases in our insured health care benefits products, which would have an adverse effect on our revenues, mbrs and results of operations and could magnify the adverse impact of increases in health care and other benefit costs and of aca assessments, fees and taxes.
premium rates for our insured health care benefits products generally must be filed with state insurance regulators and are subject to their approval, which creates risk for us in the current political and regulatory environment. the aca generally requires a review by hhs in conjunction with state regulators of premium rate increases that exceed a federally specified threshold (or lower state-specific thresholds set by states determined by hhs to have adequate processes). rate reviews can magnify the adverse impact on our operating margins and results of operations of increases in health care and other benefit costs, increased utilization of covered services, and aca assessments, fees and taxes, by restricting our ability to reflect these increases and/or these assessments, fees and taxes in our pricing. the risk of increases in utilization of medical and/or other covered services and/or in health care and other benefit costs is particularly acute during and following periods when utilization has been below recent historical levels, during periods of changing economic conditions and/or employment levels and in products where there is significant turnover in our membership each year. further, our ability to reflect aca assessments, fees and taxes in our medicare rates is limited. similarly, our ability to reflect them in our medicaid and/or chip premium rates is limited due, among other things, to the budgetary pressures currently facing many state governments. this could magnify the adverse impact on our operating margins and results of operations of increases in utilization of medical and other covered services, health care and other benefit costs and/or medical cost trends that exceed our projections.
since 2013, hhs has issued determinations to health plans that their rate increases were "unreasonable," and we continue to experience challenges to appropriate premium rate increases in certain states. regulators or legislatures in a number of states have implemented or are considering limits on premium rate increases, either by enforcing existing legal requirements more stringently or proposing different regulatory standards. regulators or legislatures in a number of states also have conducted hearings on proposed premium rate increases, which can result, in some instances have resulted, in substantial delays in implementing proposed rate increases even if they ultimately are approved. our plans can be excluded from participating in small group public exchanges if they are deemed to have a history of "unreasonable" rate increases. we requested significant increases in our premium rates in our small group commercial health care benefits products for 2019 and expect to continue to request significant increases in those rates for 2020 and beyond in order to adequately price for projected medical cost trends, required expansions of coverage and significant assessments, fees and taxes imposed by the federal and state governments, including the aca. our rates also must be adequate to reflect the risk that our products will be selected by people with a higher risk profile or utilization rate than the pool of participants we anticipated when we established the pricing for the applicable products (also known as "adverse selection") in our products, particularly in small group products, which we expect to continue and potentially worsen in 2019 following the expiration of the aca's risk corridor and reinsurance programs at the end of 2016. these significant rate increases heighten the risks of adverse public and regulatory reaction and adverse selection and the likelihood that our requested premium rate increases will be denied, reduced or delayed, which could lead to operating margin compression.
we anticipate continued regulatory and legislative action to increase regulation of premium rates in our insured health care benefits products. we may not be able to obtain rates that are actuarially justified or that are sufficient to make our policies profitable in any product line or geography. if we are unable to obtain adequate rates and/or rate increases, it could materially and adversely affect our operating margins and our ability to earn adequate returns on insured health care benefits business in one or more states or cause us to withdraw from certain geographies and/or products.
minimum mlr rebate requirements limit the level of margin we can earn in our insured health care benefits products while leaving us exposed to higher than expected medical costs. challenges to our minimum mlr rebate methodology and/or reports could adversely affect our results of operations.
the aca requires us to pay minimum mlr rebates each year with respect to prior years. the aca's minimum mlr rebate requirements limit the level of margin we can earn in our commercial insured and medicare insured businesses. cms minimum mlr rebate regulations limit the level of margin we can earn in our medicaid insured business. certain portions of our health care benefits medicaid and fehb program business also are subject to minimum mlr rebate requirements in addition to but separate from those imposed by the aca. minimum mlr rebate requirements leave us exposed to medical costs that are higher than those reflected in our pricing. the process supporting the management and determination of the amount of mlr rebates payable is complex and requires judgment, and the minimum mlr reporting requirements are detailed. federal and state auditors are challenging our commercial health care benefits business' compliance with the aca's minimum mlr requirements as well as our fehb plans' compliance with the opm's fehb program-specific minimum mlr requirements. our medicare and medicaid contracts also are subject to minimum mlr audits. if a medicare advantage or medicare part d contract pays minimum mlr rebates for three consecutive years, it will become ineligible to enroll new members. if a medicare advantage or medicare part d contract pays such rebates for five consecutive years, it will be terminated by cms. additional challenges to our methodology and/or reports relating to minimum mlr and related rebates by federal and state regulators and private litigants are reasonably possible. the outcome of these audits and additional challenges could adversely affect our results of operations.
our business activities are highly regulated. our pharmacy services, medicare advantage, medicare part d, medicaid, dual eligible, dual eligible special needs plan, small group and certain other products are subject to particularly extensive and complex regulations. if we fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations, we could be subject to significant adverse regulatory actions or suffer brand and reputational harm which may have a material adverse effect on our businesses. compliance with existing and future laws, regulations and/or judicial decisions may reduce our profitability and limit our growth.
our businesses are subject to extensive regulation and oversight by state, federal and international governmental authorities. the laws and regulations governing our operations and interpretations of those laws and regulations are increasing in number and complexity, change frequently and can be inconsistent or conflicting. in general, these laws and regulations are designed to benefit and protect customers, members and providers rather than us or our investors. in addition, the governmental authorities that regulate our businesses have broad latitude to make, interpret and enforce the laws and regulations that govern us and continue to interpret and enforce those laws and regulations more strictly and more aggressively each year. in connection with the aetna acquisition, we also agreed to undertakings with certain state regulators that place various restrictions on certain of our businesses and the payment of dividends by certain of our subsidiaries.
•   the clinical quality, patient safety and other risks inherent in the dispensing, packaging and distribution of drugs and other health care products and services, including claims related to purported dispensing and other operational errors (any failure by us to adhere to the laws and regulations applicable to the dispensing of drugs could subject our pharmacy services businesses to civil and criminal penalties).
•   federal and state anti-kickback and other laws that govern our relationship with drug manufacturers, customers and consumers.
•   compliance requirements under erisa, including fiduciary obligations in connection with the development and implementation of items such as drug formularies and preferred drug listings.
•   federal and state legislative proposals and/or regulatory activity that could adversely affect pharmacy benefit industry practices.
our health care benefits products are highly regulated, particularly those that serve medicare, medicaid, dual eligible, dual eligible special needs and small group commercial customers and members. the laws and regulations governing participation in medicare advantage, medicare part d, medicaid, dual eligible and dual eligible special needs plan programs are complex, are subject to interpretation and can expose us to penalties for non-compliance, including penalties under the false claims act and state false claims acts. in addition, the aca may have expanded the jurisdiction of, and our exposure to, the false claims act to products that are sold on public exchanges or otherwise subject to the aca. the scope of the practices and activities that are prohibited by federal and state false claims acts is the subject of pending litigation. claims under federal and state false claims acts can be brought by the government or by private individuals on behalf of the government through a qui tam or "whistleblower" suit, and we are a defendant in a number of such proceedings. if we are convicted of fraud or other criminal conduct in the performance of a health program or if there is an adverse decision against us under the false claims act, we may be temporarily or permanently suspended from participating in government health care programs, including medicare advantage, medicare part d, medicaid, dual eligible and dual eligible special needs plan programs, and we also may be required to pay significant fines and/or other monetary penalties.
if we fail to comply with laws and regulations that apply to government programs, we could be subject to criminal fines, civil penalties, premium refunds, prohibitions on marketing or active or passive enrollment of members, corrective actions, termination of our contracts or other sanctions which could have a material adverse effect on our ability to participate in medicare advantage, medicare part d, medicaid, dual eligible, dual eligible special needs plan and other programs, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
our businesses, profitability and growth also may be adversely affected by (i) judicial and regulatory decisions that change and/or expand the interpretations of existing statutes and regulations, impose medical or bad faith liability, increase our responsibilities under erisa or the remedies available under erisa, or reduce the scope of erisa pre-emption of state law claims or (ii) other legislation and regulations.
if our compliance or other systems and processes fail or are deemed inadequate, we may suffer brand and reputational harm and become subject to regulatory actions or litigation which could adversely affect our businesses, results of operations, cash flows and/or financial condition.
our businesses are subject to extensive and complex regulations, and many of our contracts with customers include detailed requirements. in order to be eligible to offer certain products or bid on certain contracts, we must demonstrate that we have robust systems in place to ensure that we comply with all applicable legal, regulatory and contractual requirements. these systems frequently are reviewed and audited by our customers and regulators. if our systems and processes designed to maintain compliance with applicable legal and contractual requirements, and to prevent and detect instances of, or the potential for, non-compliance fail or are deemed inadequate, we may suffer brand and reputational harm and be subject to regulatory actions, litigation and other proceedings which may result in damages, fines, suspension or loss of licensure, suspension or exclusion from participation in government programs and/or other penalties, any of which could adversely affect our businesses, cash flows, results of operations or financial condition.
our litigation and regulatory risk profile are changing as a result of the aetna acquisition and as we offer new products and services and expand in business areas beyond our historical core businesses of retail/ltc and pharmacy services.
historically, we focused primarily on providing retail/ltc and pharmacy services products and services. as a result of the aetna acquisition, we have significantly expanded our presence in health care benefits products and services (including page 42
products and services offered in multiple countries outside of the united states), which present a different litigation and regulatory risk profile than the products and services that we historically have offered.
the increased volume of business in areas beyond our historical core business and new products and services subject us to litigation and regulatory risks that are different from the risks of providing retail/ltc and pharmacy services products and services and increase significantly our exposure to other risks.
we routinely are subject to litigation and other adverse legal proceedings, including class actions and qui tam actions. many of these proceedings seek substantial damages which may not be covered by insurance. these proceedings may be costly to defend, result in changes in our business practices, harm our brand and reputation and adversely affect our businesses and results of operations.
pharmacy services, retail pharmacy, ltc pharmacy and health care benefits are highly regulated and litigious industries. we are currently subject to various litigation matters, investigations, regulatory audits, inspections, government inquiries, and regulatory and other legal proceedings. litigation, and particularly securities, collective or class action and qui tam litigation, is often expensive and disruptive. certain of the lawsuits against us are or are purported to be class actions or qui tam actions. litigation related to our provision of professional services in our pharmacies, specialty pharmacies, medical clinics and ltc facilities also has increased as we expand our services along the continuum of health care.
the majority of these proceedings relate to the conduct of our retail/ltc, pharmacy services and health care benefits operations and allege various violations of law. in addition, we operate in jurisdictions outside the united states, where contractual rights, tax positions and applicable regulations may be subject to interpretation or uncertainty to a greater degree than in the united states, and are therefore more likely to be subject to dispute by customers, members, governmental authorities and others. we are incurring expenses to resolve these proceedings. the outcome of litigation and other adverse legal proceedings is always uncertain, and outcomes that are not justifiable by the evidence or existing law or regulation can and do occur.
litigation has been and may be brought against us by private individuals on behalf of the government through a qui tam or "whistleblower" suit. under the provisions of the federal and various state false claims acts, private citizens may bring lawsuits alleging that a violation of the federal anti-kickback statute or similar laws has resulted in the submission of "false" claims to federal and/or state health care programs, including medicare and medicaid, and we are a defendant in a number of such proceedings. when a private individual brings a whistleblower suit, the defendant often will not be made aware of the suit for many months or even years, until the government commences its own investigation or determines whether it will intervene. whistleblower suits have resulted in significant settlements between governmental agencies and health care companies. the significant incentives and protections provided under the financial reform act increase the risk of whistleblower suits.
many of the legal proceedings against us seek substantial damages (including non-economic or punitive damages and treble damages), and certain of these proceedings also seek changes in our business practices. while we currently have insurance coverage for some potential liabilities, other potential liabilities may not be covered by insurance, insurers may dispute coverage, or the amount of our insurance may not be enough to cover the damages awarded or costs incurred. in addition, some types of damages, like punitive damages, may not be covered by insurance, and in some jurisdictions the coverage of punitive damages is prohibited. insurance coverage for all or some forms of liability may become unavailable or prohibitively expensive in the future.
we cannot predict the outcome of any of these matters, and the costs incurred may be substantial regardless of outcome. litigation and other adverse legal proceedings could materially adversely affect our businesses or results of operations because of brand and reputational harm to us caused by such proceedings, the costs of defending such proceedings, the costs of settlement or judgments against us, or the changes in our operations that could result from such proceedings. see item 3 of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information.
we frequently are subject to regular and special governmental audits, investigations and reviews that could result in changes to our business practices and also could result in material refunds, fines, penalties, civil liabilities, criminal liabilities and other sanctions.
as one of the largest national retail and ltc pharmacy, pharmacy services and health care benefits providers, we frequently are subject to regular and special governmental market conduct and other audits, investigations and reviews by, and we receive subpoenas and other requests for information from, various federal and state agencies, regulatory authorities, attorneys general, committees, subcommittees and members of the united states congress and other state, federal and international governmental authorities. for example, we have received cids from, and provided documents and information to, the civil division of the page 43
doj in cooperation with a current investigation of our patient chart review processes in connection with risk adjustment data submissions under parts c and d of the medicare program. several such audits, investigations and reviews currently are pending, some of which may be resolved in 2019, and the results of which may be adverse to us.
federal and state governments have made investigating and prosecuting health care and other insurance fraud, waste and abuse a priority. fraud, waste and abuse prohibitions encompass a wide range of activities, including kickbacks for referral of members, billing for unnecessary medical and/or other covered services, improper marketing and violations of patient privacy rights. the regulations and contractual requirements applicable to us and other industry participants are complex and subject to change, making it necessary for us to invest significant resources in complying with our regulatory and contractual requirements. ongoing vigorous law enforcement and the highly technical regulatory scheme mean that our compliance efforts in this area will continue to require significant resources. in addition, our medical costs and the medical expenses of our health care benefits asc customers may be adversely affected if we do not prevent or detect fraudulent activity by providers and/or members.
regular and special governmental audits, investigations and reviews by federal, state and international regulators could result in changes to our business practices, and also could result in significant or material premium refunds, fines, penalties, civil liabilities, criminal liabilities or other sanctions, including suspension or exclusion from participation in government programs and suspension or loss of licensure. any of these audits, investigations or reviews could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or businesses or result in significant liabilities and negative publicity for our company. for example, since 2013, cms has selected certain of the company's medicare advantage contracts for various years for radv audit. in addition, federal and state auditors are challenging our commercial health care benefits business' compliance with the aca's minimum mlr requirements as well as our fehb plans' compliance with opm's fehb program-specific minimum mlr requirements. our medicare and medicaid contracts also are subject to minimum mlr audits. if a medicare advantage or medicare part d contract pays minimum mlr rebates for three consecutive years, it will become ineligible to enroll new members. if a medicare advantage or medicare part d contract pays such rebates for five consecutive years, it will be terminated by cms.
we are subject to retroactive adjustments to and/or withholding of certain premiums and fees, including as a result of cms radv audits. we generally rely on health care providers to appropriately code claim submissions and document their medical records. if these records do not appropriately support our risk adjusted premiums, we may be required to refund premium payments to cms and/or pay fines and penalties under the false claims act.
premiums and/or fees for medicare members, certain federal government employee groups and medicaid beneficiaries are subject to retroactive adjustments and/or withholding by the federal and applicable state governments. our business that is subject to the aca, including amounts payable to us or payable by us under the aca's premium stabilization programs and our risk adjustment and reinsurance data, also is subject to audit by governmental authorities. cms regularly audits our performance to determine our compliance with cms's regulations and our contracts with cms and to assess the quality of the services we provide to our medicare members.
cms uses various payment mechanisms to allocate and adjust premium payments to our and other companies' medicare plans by considering the applicable health status of medicare members as supported by information prepared, maintained and provided by health care providers. we collect claim and encounter data from providers and generally rely on providers to appropriately code their submissions to us and document their medical records, including the diagnosis data submitted to us with claims. cms pays increased premiums to medicare advantage plans and pdps for members who have certain medical conditions identified with specific diagnosis codes.
federal regulators review and audit the providers' medical records to determine whether those records support the related diagnosis codes that determine the members' health status and the resulting risk-adjusted premium payments to us. in that regard, cms has instituted radv audits of a subset of medicare advantage plans for various contract years, including certain of our plans for various contract years, to validate coding practices and supporting medical record documentation maintained by health care providers and the resulting risk adjusted premium payments to the plans. cms may require us to refund premium payments if our risk adjusted premiums are not properly supported by medical record data. the oig also is auditing our risk adjustment data and that of other companies, and we expect cms and the oig to continue auditing risk adjustment data. we also have received cids from, and provided documents and information to, the civil division of the doj in connection with a current investigation of our patient chart review processes in connection with risk adjustment data submissions under parts c and d of the medicare program.
in 2012, cms revised its audit methodology for radv audits to determine refunds payable by medicare advantage plans for contract year 2011 and forward. under the revised methodology, among other things, cms will project the error rate identified page 44
in the audit sample of approximately 200 members to all risk adjusted premium payments made under the contract being audited. for contract years prior to 2011, cms did not project sample error rates to the entire contract. as a result, the revised methodology may increase our exposure to premium refunds to cms based on incomplete medical records maintained by providers. on october 26, 2018, cms issued proposed rules related to, among other things, changes to the radv audit methodology established by cms in 2012. cms projects that the changes to the radv audit methodology would increase its recoveries from medicare advantage plans as a result of radv audits. cms has requested comments on the proposed rules, including whether the proposed radv rule change should apply retroactively to audits of medicare advantage plans for contract year 2011 and forward. we are evaluating the potential adverse effect, which could be material, on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows if the proposed radv rule change were adopted as proposed. cms also has announced its intent to use third party auditors to attain its ultimate goal of subjecting all medicare advantage contracts to either a comprehensive or a targeted radv audit for each contract year. we are currently unable to predict which of our medicare advantage contracts will be selected for future audit, the amounts of any retroactive refunds of, or prospective adjustments to, medicare advantage premium payments made to us, the effect of any such refunds or adjustments on the actuarial soundness of our medicare advantage bids, or whether any radv audit findings would require us to change our method of estimating future premium revenue in future bid submissions to cms or compromise premium assumptions made in our bids for prior contract years, the current contract year or future contract years.
if we fail to report and correct errors discovered through our own auditing procedures or during a cms audit or otherwise fail to comply with the applicable laws and regulations, we could be subject to fines, civil monetary penalties or other sanctions, including fines and penalties under the false claims act, which could have a material adverse effect on our ability to participate in medicare advantage, part d or other government programs, and on our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
cms has issued a final rule implementing aca requirements that medicare advantage and pdp plans report and refund to cms overpayments that those plans receive from cms. however, cms's statements in formalized guidance regarding "overpayments" to medicare advantage plans appear to be inconsistent with cms's prior radv audit guidance. these statements appear to equate each medicare advantage risk adjustment data error with an "overpayment" without reconciliation to the principles underlying the fee for service adjustment comparison contemplated by cms's radv audit methodology. the precise interpretation, impact and legality of the final rule are not clear and are subject to pending litigation. if medicare advantage plans were not paid based on payment model principles that align with the requirements of the social security act or such payments were not implemented correctly, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows.
certain of our medicaid contracts require the submission of complete and correct encounter data. the accurate and timely reporting of encounter data is increasingly important to the success of our medicaid programs because more states are using encounter data to determine compliance with performance standards and, in part, to set premium rates. we have expended and may continue to expend additional effort and incur significant additional costs to collect accurate, or to correct inaccurate or incomplete, encounter data and have been and could be exposed to premium withholding, operating sanctions and financial fines and penalties for noncompliance. we have experienced challenges in obtaining complete and accurate encounter data due to difficulties with providers and third-party vendors submitting claims in a timely fashion in the proper format, and with state agencies in coordinating such submissions. as states increase their reliance on encounter data, these difficulties could affect the medicaid premium rates we receive and how medicaid membership is assigned to us, which could have a material adverse effect on our medicaid results of operations and cash flows and/or our ability to bid for, and continue to participate in, certain medicaid programs.
any premium or fee refunds, adjustments or withholding or civil or criminal fines or penalties, or other sanctions, including restrictions on or changes in the way we do business, loss of licensure or exclusion from participation in government programs, resulting from regulatory audits or investigations, whether as a result of radv, public exchange related, recovery audit program or other audits or investigations by cms, the oig, hhs, the doj or otherwise, including audits of our minimum mlr rebates, methodology and/or reports, could be material and could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
programs funded in whole or in part by the u.s. federal government account for a significant portion of our revenues. the u.s. federal government and our other government customers may reduce funding for health care or other programs, cancel or decline to renew contracts with us, or make changes that adversely affect the number of persons eligible for certain programs, the services provided to enrollees in such programs, our premiums and our administrative and health care and other benefit costs, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, results of operations and cash flows. in addition, an extended federal government shutdown or a delay by congress in raising the federal government's debt ceiling could lead to a delay, reduction, suspension or cancellation of federal government spending and a page 45
programs funded in whole or in part by the united states federal government account for a significant portion of our revenue, and we expect that percentage to increase. as our government funded businesses grow, our exposure to changes in federal and state government policy with respect to and/or regulation of the various government funded programs in which we participate also increases.
our revenues from government funded programs, including our medicare, medicaid, dual eligible and dual eligible special needs plan businesses and our government customers in our commercial business, are dependent on annual funding by the federal government and/or applicable state or local governments. federal, state and local governments have the right to cancel or not to renew their contracts with us on short notice without cause or if funds are not available. funding for these programs is dependent on many factors outside our control, including general economic conditions, continuing government efforts to contain health care costs and budgetary constraints at the federal or applicable state or local level and general political issues and priorities.
for example, cms is transitioning the process of calculating medicare members' risk scores from using diagnoses data from the risk adjustment processing system, or raps, to using diagnoses data from the encounter data system, or eds. the raps process requires medicare advantage plans to apply a filter logic based on cms guidelines and only submit claims that satisfy those guidelines. for submissions through eds, cms requires medicare advantage plans to submit all encounter data, and cms applies the risk adjustment filtering logic to determine the risk scores. for 2019, 25% of the risk score will be calculated from claims data submitted through eds, up from 15% in 2018. for 2020, the eds percentage will increase to 50%. the transition from raps to eds could result in different risk scores from each dataset as a result of plan processing issues, cms processing issues or filtering logic differences between raps and eds and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows.
in addition, while the aca provided substantial federal funding for the expansion of the number of people who qualify to enroll in medicaid beginning in 2014, that funding began to decrease in 2017, and the future of that funding is uncertain. as a result, in 2019, states are preparing for the adverse impact on their budgets and programs by seeking to reduce their medicaid expenditures and/or changing the design of their medicaid programs. these changes could have a material adverse effect on the revenues, medical benefit ratios and results operations of our medicaid contracts and/or our ability to grow our medicaid membership, revenues and results of operations.
our government customers also determine the eligibility criteria, premium levels and other aspects of medicare, medicaid, dual eligible and dual eligible special needs plan programs that affect the number of persons enrolled in these programs, the services provided to enrollees under these programs, the conditions for participating in these programs and our administrative and health care and other benefit costs under these programs. for example, states may require participation on their public exchange as a condition to participating in their medicaid or state employee health benefit programs and/or take program design actions that shift provider costs from state employee plans to commercial and medicare plans. in the past, determinations of this type have at times adversely affected our results of operations from and willingness to participate in such programs, and they may do so again in the future. if a government customer reduces premium levels or increases premiums by less than the increase in our costs (such as by not allowing us to recover aca and other applicable fees, taxes and assessments), and we cannot offset the adverse impact of these actions with supplemental premiums and/or changes in benefit plans, then our businesses and results of operations could be adversely affected. in addition, if states allow certain programs to expire, reduce the number of firms with which they contract for managed medicaid services or choose to opt out of medicaid expansion, we could experience reduced medicaid enrollment or reduced medicaid enrollment growth, which would adversely affect our businesses, revenues and results of operations.
the federal government's "debt ceiling", or the amount of debt the federal government is permitted to borrow to meet its legal obligations (including, among other things, interest on the national debt, medicare and medicaid premiums and contributions to the fehb program), is limited by statute and can only be raised by an act of congress.
during a federal government shutdown or if congress does not raise the debt ceiling before the federal government's current obligations approach or exceed its cash on hand and incoming receipts, federal government spending may be subject to delay, reduction, suspension or cancellation, which may be prolonged. over 30% of our health care benefits segment's revenues are derived from health care coverage programs that are funded in whole or in part by the federal government, including the medicare, medicaid, dual eligible and dual eligible specials needs plan programs, chip and the fehb program. when federal spending is delayed, suspended or curtailed, we continue to receive claims from providers providing services to beneficiaries of these programs, and we remain liable for, and are required to fund, such claims. a federal government shutdown or a failure to page 46
timely raise the debt ceiling could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, results of operations, cash flows, brand and reputation and, in the case of a prolonged shutdown or failure to raise the debt ceiling, our financial condition.
if the united states defaults on its obligations due to a failure to timely raise the debt ceiling or otherwise, or its credit rating is downgraded by any of the credit rating agencies, interest rates could rise, financial markets could become volatile and/or the availability of credit (and short-term credit in particular) could be adversely affected, thereby increasing our borrowing costs, adversely affecting the value of our investment portfolio, and/or adversely affecting our ability to access the capital markets, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows and could adversely affect our liquidity.
our results of operations may be adversely affected by changes in laws and policies governing employers and by union organizing activity.
the federal and certain state legislatures continue to consider and pass legislation that increases our costs of doing business, including increased minimum wages and requiring employers to provide paid sick leave. in addition, our employee related operating costs may be increased by union organizing activity. if we are unable to reflect these increased expenses in our pricing or otherwise modify our operations to mitigate the effects of such increases, our results of operations will be adversely affected.
our business has evolved from a retail store experience to interaction with customers across numerous channels, including in-store, online, mobile and social media, among others. omni-channel retailing is rapidly evolving and we must keep pace with changing customer expectations and new developments by our competitors. our customers are increasingly using mobile phones, tablets, computers and other devices to comparison shop, determine product availability and complete purchases through mobile commerce applications. as a result, the portion of total consumer expenditures with all retailers occurring online and through mobile commerce applications is increasing and the pace of this increase could accelerate. we must compete by offering a consistent and convenient shopping experience for our customers regardless of the ultimate sales channel and by investing in, providing and maintaining mobile commerce applications for our customers that have the right features and are reliable and easy to use. if we are unable to make, improve or develop relevant customer-facing technology in a timely manner that keeps pace with technological developments and dynamic customer expectations, our ability to compete and our results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. in addition, if our online activities or our other customer-facing technology systems do not function as designed, we may experience a loss of customer confidence, data security breaches, lost sales, or be exposed to fraudulent purchases, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business operations, reputation and results of operations.
we must maintain and improve our relationships with our retail and specialty pharmacy customers and increase the demand for our products and services, including proprietary brands. if we fail to develop new products, differentiate our products from those of our competitors or demonstrate the value of our products to our customers and members, our ability to retain or grow our customer base may be adversely affected.
the success of our businesses depends in part on customer loyalty, superior customer service and our ability to persuade customers to frequent our retail stores and online sites and to purchase products in additional categories and our proprietary brands. failure to timely identify or effectively respond to changing consumer preferences and spending patterns, and evolving demographic mixes in our markets, an inability to expand the products being purchased by our clients and customers, or the failure or inability to obtain or offer particular categories of products could adversely affect our relationship with our customers and clients and the demand for our products and services and could result in excess inventories of products.
we offer our retail customers proprietary brand products that are available exclusively at our retail stores and through our online retail sites. the sale of proprietary products subjects us to unique risks including potential product liability risks, mandatory or voluntary product recalls, potential supply chain and distribution chain disruptions for raw materials and finished products, our ability to successfully protect our intellectual property rights and the rights of applicable third parties, and other risks generally encountered by entities that source, market and sell private-label products. any failure to adequately address some or all of these risks could have an adverse effect on our retail business, results of operations and financial condition. additionally, an increase in the sales of our proprietary brands may adversely affect our sales of products owned by our suppliers which, consequently, could adversely impact certain of our supplier relationships. our ability to locate qualified, economically stable suppliers who satisfy our requirements, and to acquire sufficient products in a timely and effective manner, page 47
is critical to ensuring, among other things, that customer confidence is not diminished. any failure to develop sourcing relationships with a broad and deep supplier base could adversely affect our financial performance and erode customer loyalty.
our specialty pharmacy business focuses on complex and high-cost medications, many of which are made available by manufacturers to a limited number of pharmacies (so-called limited distribution drugs), that serve a relatively limited universe of patients. as a result, the future growth of our specialty pharmacy business is dependent largely upon expanding our base of drugs or penetration in certain treatment categories. any contraction of our base of patients or reduction in demand for the prescriptions we currently dispense could have an adverse effect on our specialty pharmacy business, results of operations and cash flows.
we operate in rapidly evolving industries. our customers generally, and our larger customers in particular, are well-informed and organized and, along with our individual customers, can easily move between us and our competitors. these factors require us to differentiate our products and solutions, anticipate changes in customer and consumer preferences, anticipate and effectively compete with the products and solutions of new and existing competitors and innovate and deliver new and existing products and solutions that demonstrate value to our customers and members, particularly in response to marketplace changes from public policy. any failure to do so may adversely affect our ability to retain or grow customers and/or profitable medical membership, which can adversely affect our results of operations.
in order to be competitive in the increasingly consumer-oriented marketplace for our health care products and services, we will need to develop and deploy consumer-friendly products and services and make investments in consumer engagement, reduce our cost structure and compete successfully with new entrants into our businesses. if we are unsuccessful, our future growth and profitability may be adversely affected.
historically, employers have been the most significant customers driving purchases of our pharmacy services and health care benefits segments. however, decisions to buy our pharmacy services and health care benefits products and services increasingly are made or influenced by consumers, either through direct purchasing (for example, medicare advantage plans and pdps) or through insurance exchanges that allow individual choice. similarly, consumers increasingly seek to access health care products and services locally and through other direct channels such as mobile devices and our websites. in response to this demand, we are expanding our consumer focus. to compete effectively in the consumer-driven marketplace, we will be required to develop or acquire new capabilities, attract new talent and develop new service and distribution relationships that respond to consumer needs and preferences.
we also will have to respond to pricing and other actions taken by existing competitors as well as potentially disruptive new entrants. regulatory and participation requirements for insurance exchange-based plans tend to emphasize price and make competitive differentiation of our health care benefits products and services based on other attributes more difficult. price competition from existing and potentially new disruptive competitors in the industries in which each of our segments compete also continues to increase. accordingly, we face competitive pricing pressures from existing and new competitors (including our vendors and others who may have lower cost structures than we do), and these pressures may reduce our operating margins or limit sales of our products and services. our competitors may bring their consumer-oriented products and services to market more quickly, have greater experience marketing to consumers and/or may be targeting the higher margin portions of our businesses. these risks may be enhanced if employers shift to defined contribution health care benefits plans and make greater utilization of private exchanges or encourage their employees to purchase health insurance on the public exchanges. we can provide no assurance that we will be able to develop or operate successful or profitable consumer-oriented products and services, or that our health care benefits segment will be able to compete successfully or profitably on public exchanges or private exchanges or benefit from any opportunities presented by public exchanges or private exchanges, or that we will be able to benefit from opportunities available to any of our segments in the industries in which we operate. if we do not develop and expand competitive and profitable consumer products, are not competitive in the industries in which we operate, or are unsuccessful in reducing our cost structure, our future growth and profitability may be adversely affected.
risks related to our relationships with manufacturers, providers, suppliers and vendors our results of operations may be adversely affected if we are unable to contract with manufacturers, providers, suppliers and vendors on competitive terms and develop and maintain attractive networks with high quality providers.
our pbm business generates revenues primarily by contracting with clients to provide prescription drugs and related health care services to plan members. as a result, we are dependent on our relationships with prescription drug manufacturers and suppliers. we acquire a substantial amount of our mail order and specialty pharmacies' prescription drug supply from a limited number of suppliers. our agreements with these suppliers often are short-term and easily cancelable by either party without cause. in addition, these agreements may limit our ability to provide services for competing drugs during the term of the page 48
agreement and may allow the supplier to distribute through channels other than the company. a termination or modification to any of these relationships could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, financial condition and results of operations.
we are seeking to enhance our health care provider networks by entering into joint ventures and other collaborative risk-sharing arrangements with health care providers. providers' willingness to enter these arrangements with us depends upon, among other things, our ability to provide them with up to date quality of care data to support these value-based contracts. these arrangements are designed to give providers incentives to engage in population health management and optimize delivery of health care to our members. these arrangements also may allow us to expand into new geographies, target new customer groups, increase membership and reduce medical costs and, if we provide technology or other services to the relevant health system or provider organization, may contribute to our revenue and earnings from alternative sources. if such arrangements do not result in the lower medical costs that we project or if we fail to attract health care providers to such arrangements, or are less successful at implementing such arrangements than our competitors, our medical costs may not be competitive and may be higher than we project, our attractiveness to customers may be reduced, we may lose or be unable to grow membership, and our ability to profitably grow our business and/or our results of operations may be adversely affected.
while we believe joint ventures, acos and other non-traditional health care provider organizational structures present opportunities for us, the implementation of our joint ventures and other non-traditional structure strategies may not achieve the intended results, which could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. among other things, joint ventures require us to maintain collaborative relationships with our counterparties, continue to gain access to provider rates that make the joint ventures economically sustainable and devote significant management time to the operation and management of the joint venture. we may not be able to achieve these objectives in one or more of our joint ventures, which could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows.
if our service providers fail to meet their contractual obligations to us or to comply with applicable laws or regulations, we may be exposed to brand and reputational harm, litigation or regulatory action. this risk is particularly high in our medicare, medicaid, dual eligible and dual eligible special needs plan programs.
we contract with various third parties to perform certain functions and services and provide us with certain information technology systems. our arrangements with these third parties may expose us to public scrutiny, adversely affect our brand and reputation, expose us to litigation or regulatory action, and otherwise make our operations vulnerable if we fail to adequately oversee, monitor and regulate their performance or if they fail to meet their contractual obligations to us or to comply with applicable laws or regulations. for example, certain of our vendors have been responsible for releases of sensitive information of our members and employees, which has caused us to incur additional expenses and given rise to litigation against us.
these risks are particularly high in our medicare, medicaid, dual eligible and dual eligible special needs plan programs, where third parties perform pbm, medical management and other member related services for us. any failure of our or these third parties' prevention, detection or control systems related to regulatory compliance, compliance with our internal policies, data security and/or cybersecurity or any incident involving the theft, misappropriation, loss or other unauthorized disclosure of, or access to, members', customers' or other constituents' sensitive information could require us to expend significant resources to remediate any damage, interrupt our operations and adversely affect our brand and reputation and also expose us to whistleblower, class action and other litigation, other proceedings, prohibitions on marketing or active or passive enrollment of members, corrective actions, fines, sanctions and/or penalties, any of which could adversely affect our businesses, cash flows, results of operations and/or financial condition.
continuing consolidation and integration among providers and other suppliers may increase our medical and other covered benefits costs, make it difficult for us to compete in certain geographies and create new competitors.
hospitals and other providers and health systems continue to consolidate across the health care industry. while this consolidation could increase efficiency and has the potential to improve the delivery of health care services, it also reduces competition and the number of potential contracting parties in certain geographies. these health systems also are increasingly forming and considering forming health plans to directly offer health insurance in competition with us, a process that has been accelerated by the aca. in addition, acos (including commercial and medicaid-only acos developed as a result of state medicaid laws), practice management companies, consolidation among and by integrated health systems and other changes in the organizational structures that physicians, hospitals and other health care providers adopt continues to change the way these providers interact with us and the competitive landscape in which we operate. these changes may increase our medical and other covered benefits costs, may affect the way we price our products and services and estimate our medical and other covered benefits costs and may require us to change our operations, including by withdrawing from certain geographies where we do not have a significant presence across our businesses or are unable to collaborate or contract with providers on acceptable terms. each of these changes may adversely affect our businesses and results of operations.
we may experience increased medical and other benefit costs, litigation risk and customer and member dissatisfaction when providers that do not have contracts with us render services to our health care benefits members.
some providers that render services to our health care benefits members do not have contracts with us. in those cases, we do not have a pre-established understanding with these providers as to the amount of compensation that is due to them for services rendered to our members. in some states, the amount of compensation due to these nonparticipating providers is defined by law or regulation, but in most instances it is either not defined or it is established by a standard that is not clearly translatable into dollar terms. in such instances providers may believe that they are underpaid for their services and may either litigate or arbitrate their dispute with us or try to recover the difference between what we have paid them and the amount they charged us from our members, which may result in customer and member dissatisfaction. for example, on october 15, 2018, an arbitrator awarded certain claimant hospitals approximately $150 million in a proceeding relating to aetna's out-of-network benefit payment and administration practices. such disputes may cause us to pay higher medical or other benefit costs than we projected.
risks related to our operations customers, particularly large sophisticated customers, expect us to implement their contracts and onboard their employees and members efficiently and effectively. failure to do so could adversely affect our reputation, businesses, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. if we or our vendors fail to provide our customers with quality service that meets their expectations, our ability to retain and grow our membership and customer base will be adversely affected.
our ability to attract and retain customers and members is dependent upon providing cost effective, quality customer service operations (such as call center operations, pbm functions, retail pharmacy and ltc services, home delivery pharmacy prescription delivery, specialty pharmacy prescription delivery, claims processing, customer case installation and online access and tools) that meet or exceed our customers' and members' expectations. as we seek to reduce general and administrative expenses, we must balance the potential impact of cost-saving measures on our customer and other service and performance. if we misjudge the effects of such measures, customer and other service may be adversely affected. we depend on third parties for certain of our customer service, pbm and prescription delivery operations. if we or our vendors fail to provide service that meets our customers' and members' expectations, we may have difficulty retaining or profitable growing our customer base and/or membership, which can adversely affect our results of operations. for example, noncompliance with any privacy or security laws or regulations or any security breach involving one of our third party vendors could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, results of operations, brand and reputation.
we are subject to payment-related risks that could increase our operating costs, expose us to fraud or theft, subject us to potential liability and disrupt our business operations.
we accept payments using a variety of methods, including cash, checks, credit cards, debit cards, gift cards, mobile payments and potentially other technologies in the future. acceptance of these payment methods subjects us to rules, regulations, contractual obligations and compliance requirements, including payment network rules and operating guidelines, data security standards and certification requirements, and rules governing electronic funds transfers. these requirements may change in the future, which could make compliance more difficult or costly. for certain payment options, including credit and debit cards, we pay interchange and other fees, which could increase periodically thereby raising our operating costs. we rely on third parties to provide payment processing services, including the processing of credit cards, debit cards, and various other forms of electronic payment. if these vendors are unable to provide these services to us, or if their systems are compromised, our operations could be disrupted. the payment methods that we offer also expose us to potential fraud and theft by persons seeking to obtain unauthorized access to, or exploit any weaknesses in, the payment systems we use. if we fail to abide by applicable rules or requirements, or if data relating to our payment systems is compromised due to a breach or misuse, we may be responsible for any costs incurred by payment card issuing banks and other third parties or subject to fines and higher transaction fees. in addition, our reputation and ability to accept certain types of payments could each be harmed resulting in reduced sales and adverse effects on our results of operations.
our and our vendors' operations are subject to a variety of business continuity hazards and risks, any of which could interrupt our operations or otherwise adversely affect our performance and results of operations.
we and our vendors are subject to business continuity hazards and other risks, including natural disasters, utility and other mechanical failures, acts of war or terrorism, disruption of communications, data security and preservation, disruption of supply or distribution, safety regulation and labor difficulties. the occurrence of any of these or other events to the company or our vendors might disrupt or shut down our operations or otherwise adversely affect our operations. we may also be subject to certain liability claims in the event of an injury or loss of life, or damage to property, resulting from such events. although we page 50
have developed procedures for crisis management and disaster recovery and business continuity plans and maintain insurance policies that we believe are customary and adequate for our size and industry, our insurance policies include limits and, as such, our coverage may be insufficient to protect against all potential hazards and risks incident to our businesses. in addition, our crisis management and disaster recovery procedures and business continuity plans may not be effective. should any such hazards or risks occur, or should our insurance coverage be inadequate or unavailable, our businesses, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
we and our vendors have experienced cyber attacks. we can provide no assurance that we or our vendors will be able to detect, prevent or contain the effects of such attacks or other information security (including cybersecurity) risks or threats in the future.
we and our vendors have experienced and continue to experience a variety of cyber attacks, and we and our vendors expect to continue to experience cyber attacks going forward. among other things, we and our vendors have experienced automated attempts to gain access to our public facing networks, brute force, syn flood and distributed denial of service attacks, attempted malware infections, vulnerability scanning, ransomware attacks, spear-phishing campaigns, mass reconnaissance attempts, injection attempts, phishing, php injection and cross-site scripting. we also have seen an increase in attacks designed to obtain access to consumers' accounts using illegally obtained demographic information. although the impact of such attacks has not been material to our operations or results of operations through december 31, 2018, we can provide no assurance that we or our vendors will be able to detect, prevent or contain the effects of such attacks or other information security (including cybersecurity) risks or threats in the future. as we expand our consumer-oriented products and services, increase the amount and types of data we acquire, generate and use, increase the amount of information we make available to members, consumers and providers on mobile devices, expand our use of vendors, expand internationally and expand our use of social media, our exposure to these data security and related cybersecurity risks, including the risk of undetected attacks, damage, loss or unauthorized disclosure or access to and/or disruption of our systems and the customer, member, provider, employee, aco, joint venture, vendor and other third party information they contain, increases, and the cost of attempting to protect against these risks also increases.
although we deploy a layered approach to address information security (including cybersecurity) threats and vulnerabilities that is designed to protect confidential information against data security breaches, a compromise of our information security controls or of those businesses with whom we interact, which results in confidential information being accessed, obtained, damaged, or used by unauthorized or improper persons, could harm our reputation and expose us to regulatory actions and claims from customers and clients, financial institutions, payment card associations and other persons, any of which could adversely affect our businesses, financial condition, and results of operations. because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently and may not immediately produce signs of intrusion, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. moreover, a data security breach could require that we expend significant resources related to our information systems and infrastructure, and could distract management and other key personnel from performing their primary operational duties. we also could be adversely affected by any significant disruption in the systems of third parties we interact with, including key payors and vendors.
the costs of attempting to protect against the foregoing risks and the costs of responding to a cyber-incident are significant. large scale data breaches at other entities increase the challenge we and our vendors face in maintaining the security of our information technology systems and proprietary information and of our members' and customers' sensitive information. following a cyber-incident, our and/or our vendors' remediation efforts may not be successful, and a cyber-incident could result in interruptions, delays or cessation of service, and loss of existing or potential customers and members. in addition, breaches of our and/or our vendors' security measures and the unauthorized dissemination of sensitive personal information or proprietary information or confidential information about us, our customers, our members or other third-parties, could expose our customers' and members' private information and our customers and members to the risk of financial or medical identity theft, or expose us or other third parties to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, and result in investigations, regulatory enforcement actions, material fines and penalties, loss of customers, litigation or other actions which could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, brand, reputation, cash flows and results of operations.
our information systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, facility damage, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches (including credit card or personally identifiable information breaches), cyber attacks, vandalism, catastrophic events and human error. if our information systems are damaged, fail to work properly or otherwise become unavailable, or if we are unable to successfully complete our planned consolidation of our pbm page 51
claims adjudication platforms, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them, and may experience reputational damage, loss of critical information, customer disruption and interruptions or delays in our ability to perform essential functions and implement new and innovative services. in addition, compliance with changes in united states and foreign privacy and information security laws and standards may result in considerable expense due to increased investment in technology and the development of new operational processes.
our business success and results of operations depend in part on effective information technology systems and on continuing to develop and implement improvements in technology. pursuing multiple initiatives simultaneously could make this continued development and implementation significantly more challenging.
many aspects of our operations are dependent on our information systems and the information collected, processed, stored, and handled by these systems. we rely heavily on our computer systems to manage our ordering, pricing, point-of-sale, pharmacy fulfillment, inventory replenishment, claims processing, extracare customer loyalty program, finance and other processes. throughout our operations, we receive, retain and transmit certain confidential information, including pii and phi, that our customers and clients provide to purchase products or services, enroll in programs or services, register on our websites, interact with our personnel, or otherwise communicate with us. in addition, for these operations, we depend in part on the secure transmission of confidential information over public networks.
we have many different information and other technology systems supporting our businesses (including as a result of our acquisitions). our businesses depend in large part on these systems to adequately price our products and services; accurately establish reserves, process claims and report results of operations; and interact with providers, employer plan sponsors, members and vendors in an efficient and uninterrupted fashion. in addition, recent trends toward greater consumer engagement in health care require new and enhanced technologies, including more sophisticated applications for mobile devices. certain of our technology systems (including software) are older, legacy systems that are less flexible, less efficient and require a significant ongoing commitment of capital and human resources to maintain, protect and enhance them and to integrate them with our other systems. we must re-engineer and reduce the number of these systems to meet changing consumer and vendor preferences and needs, improve our productivity and reduce our operating expenses. we also need to develop or acquire new technology systems, contract with new vendors or modify certain of our existing systems to support the consumer-oriented products and services we are developing, operating and expanding and/or to meet current and developing industry and regulatory standards, including to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology and emerging cybersecurity risks and threats. if we fail to achieve these objectives, our ability to profitably grow our business and/or our results of operations may be adversely affected.
our business strategy involves providing customers with differentiated, easy to use, secure products and solutions that use information to meet customer needs. the types of technology and levels of service that are acceptable to customers and members today will not necessarily be acceptable in the future, requiring us to anticipate and meet marketplace demands for technology. our success therefore is dependent in large part on our ability, within the context of a limited budget of human resources and capital and our existing and future business relationships, to timely secure, integrate, develop, redesign and enhance our (or contract with vendors to provide) technology systems that support our business strategy initiatives and processes in a compliant, secure, and cost and resource efficient manner. integration of our acquisitions increases these challenges, and we may not be successful in integrating various systems in a timely or cost-effective manner.
information technology projects frequently are long-term in nature and may take longer to complete and cost more than we expect and may not deliver the benefits we project once they are complete. if we do not effectively and efficiently secure, manage, integrate and enhance our technology portfolio (including vendor sourced systems), we could, among other things, have problems determining health care and other benefit cost estimates and/or establishing appropriate pricing, meeting the needs of customers, providers and members, developing and expanding our consumer-oriented products and services or keeping pace with industry and regulatory standards, and our results of operations may be adversely affected.
sales of our products and services are dependent on our ability to attract and motivate internal sales personnel and independent third-party brokers, consultants and agents. new distribution channels create new disintermediation risk. we may be subject to penalties or other regulatory actions as a result of the marketing practices of brokers and agents selling our products.
our products are sold primarily through our sales personnel, who frequently work with independent brokers, consultants and agents who assist in the production and servicing of business. the independent brokers, consultants and agents generally are not dedicated to us exclusively and may frequently recommend and/or market health care benefits products of our competitors. accordingly, we must compete intensely for their services and allegiance. our sales could be adversely affected if we are unable to attract, retain or motivate sales personnel and third-party brokers, consultants and agents, or if we do not adequately page 52
new distribution channels for our products and services continue to emerge, including private exchanges operated by health care consultants and technology companies. these channels may make it more difficult for us to directly engage consumers and other customers in the selection and management of their health care benefits, in health care utilization and in the effective navigation of the health care system. we also may be challenged by new technologies and marketplace entrants that could interfere with our existing relationships with customers and health plan members in these areas.
in addition, there have been a number of investigations regarding the marketing practices of brokers and agents selling health care and other insurance products and the payments they receive. these investigations have resulted in enforcement actions against companies in our industry and brokers and agents marketing and selling those companies' products. for example, cms and state departments of insurance have increased their scrutiny of the marketing practices of brokers and agents who market medicare products. these investigations and enforcement actions could result in penalties and the imposition of corrective action plans and/or changes to industry practices, which could adversely affect our ability to market our products.
we also face other risks that could adversely affect our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows, which include:
•   failure to adequately manage our run-off businesses and/or our regulatory and financial exposure to businesses we have sold, including aetna's divested standalone medicare part d, domestic group life insurance, group disability insurance and absence management businesses.
as of december 31, 2018, we had $115.2 billion of goodwill and other intangible assets. during the year ended december 31, 2018, we took $6.1 billion of goodwill impairment charges related to our ltc reporting unit. goodwill and indefinitely-lived intangible assets are subject to annual impairment reviews, or more frequent reviews if events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. when evaluating goodwill for potential impairment, we compare the fair value of our reporting units to their respective carrying amounts. we estimate the fair value of our reporting units using a combination of a discounted cash flow method and a market multiple method. if the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value, a goodwill impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to the excess to the extent of the goodwill balance. estimated fair values could change if, for example, there are changes in the business climate, changes in the competitive environment, adverse legal or regulatory actions or developments, changes in capital structure, cost of debt, interest rates, capital expenditure levels, operating cash flows or market capitalization. because of the significance of our goodwill and intangible assets, any future impairment of these assets could require material noncash charges to our results of operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
we would be adversely affected if we do not effectively deploy our capital. downgrades or potential downgrades in our credit ratings, should they occur, could adversely affect our brand and reputation, businesses, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
our operations generate significant capital, and we have the ability to raise additional capital. the manner in which we deploy our capital, including investments in our businesses, our operations (such as information technology and other strategic and capital projects), dividends, acquisitions, share and/or debt repurchases, repayment of debt, reinsurance or other capital uses, impacts our financial strength, claims paying ability and credit ratings issued by recognized rating organizations. credit ratings issued by nationally-recognized organizations are broadly distributed and generally used throughout our industries. our ratings reflect each rating organization's opinion of our financial strength, operating performance and ability to meet our debt obligations or obligations to our insureds. we believe our credit ratings and the financial strength and claims paying ability of page 53
our principal insurance and hmo subsidiaries are important factors in marketing our health care benefits products to certain of our customers.
each of the ratings organizations reviews our ratings periodically, and there can be no assurance that our current ratings will be maintained in the future. in connection with the completion of the aetna acquisition, each of standard & poor's, moody's and fitch downgraded certain of our debt, financial strength and/or other credit ratings. downgrades in our ratings could adversely affect our businesses, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
adverse conditions in the u.s. and global capital markets can significantly and adversely affect the value of our investments in debt and equity securities, mortgage loans, alternative investments and other investments, our results of operations and/or our financial condition.
the global capital markets, including credit markets, continue to experience volatility and uncertainty. as an insurer, we have a substantial investment portfolio that supports our policy liabilities and surplus and is comprised largely of debt securities of issuers located in the united states. as a result, the income we earn from our investment portfolio is largely driven by the level of interest rates in the united states, and to a lesser extent the international financial markets; and volatility, uncertainty and/or disruptions in the global capital markets, particularly the united states credit markets, and governments' monetary policy, particularly united states monetary policy, can significantly and adversely affect the value of our investment portfolio, our results of operations and/or our financial condition by:
•   significantly reducing the value and/or liquidity of the debt securities we hold in our investment portfolio and creating realized capital losses that reduce our results of operations and/or unrealized capital losses that reduce our shareholders' equity;
•   keeping interest rates low on high-quality short-term or medium-term debt securities (such as we have experienced during recent years) and thereby materially reducing our net investment income and results of operations as the proceeds from securities in our investment portfolio that mature or are otherwise disposed of continue to be reinvested in lower yielding securities;
•   causing non-performance or defaults on their obligations to us by third parties, including customers, issuers of securities in our investment portfolio, mortgage borrowers and/or reinsurance and/or derivatives counterparties;
•   making it more difficult to value certain of our investment securities, for example if trading becomes less frequent, which could lead to significant period-to-period changes in our estimates of the fair values of those securities and cause period-to-period volatility in our net income and shareholders' equity;
•   reducing our ability to issue short-term debt securities at attractive interest rates, thereby increasing our interest expense and decreasing our results of operations; and
•   reducing our ability to issue other securities.
although we seek, within guidelines we deem appropriate, to match the duration of our assets and liabilities and to manage our credit and counterparty exposures, a failure adequately to do so could adversely affect our net income and our financial condition and, in extreme circumstances, our cash flows.
risks relating to our acquisition of aetna we have limited experience in the insurance and managed health care industry, which may hinder our ability to achieve our objectives as a combined company.
we have limited experience operating an insurance and managed health care business, and are relying in large part on the existing management of aetna to continue to manage our health care benefits business. however, there is no assurance that we will be able to continue to retain the services of such management. if we fail to retain the existing management of aetna, our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the transaction may be adversely affected.
the aetna acquisition may not be accretive, and may be dilutive, to our earnings per share, which may adversely affect our stock price.
although we currently project that the aetna acquisition will result in a number of benefits, including that it will be accretive to our earnings per share, changes in the estimates we use for these projections and the impact of future events and conditions, some of which we do not control, could cause actual results to be lower than these projections. in addition, future events and page 54
conditions could decrease or delay the accretion that is currently projected or could result in dilution. these events and conditions include adverse changes in market conditions, changes in the regulatory environment, additional transaction and integration-related costs and other factors such as the failure to realize some or all of the anticipated benefits of the aetna acquisition. any dilution of, decrease in or delay of any accretion to, our earnings per share could cause our stock price to decline or grow at a reduced rate.
we may fail to successfully combine the businesses and operations of cvs health and aetna to realize the anticipated benefits and cost savings of the aetna acquisition within the anticipated timeframe or at all, which could adversely affect our stock price.
the success of the aetna acquisition will depend, in part, on our ability to realize the anticipated benefits and cost savings from combining the businesses of cvs health and aetna. our ability to realize these anticipated benefits and cost savings is subject to certain risks, including:
•   our ability to successfully combine the businesses of cvs health and aetna;
•   the possibility that we paid more for aetna than the value we will derive from the acquisition;
•   the reduction of our cash available for operations and other uses and the incurrence of indebtedness to finance the acquisition; and
•   the assumption of known and unknown liabilities of aetna.
if we are not able to successfully combine the businesses of cvs health and aetna within the anticipated time frame, the anticipated cost savings and other benefits of the aetna acquisition may not be realized fully or may take longer to realize than expected, the combined businesses may not perform as expected, and our stock price may be adversely affected.
until the completion of the aetna acquisition, we and aetna operated independently, and there can be no assurances that our respective businesses can be integrated successfully. it is possible that the integration process could result in the loss of key cvs health or aetna employees, the disruption of either company's or both companies' ongoing businesses or in unexpected integration issues, higher than expected integration costs and an overall post-completion integration process that takes longer than originally anticipated. specifically, issues that must be addressed in integrating the operations of cvs health and aetna in order to realize the anticipated benefits of the aetna acquisition so the combined business performs as expected include, among other things:
•   harmonizing the companies' operating practices, employee development, compensation and benefit programs, internal controls and other policies, procedures and processes;
•   managing the movement of certain businesses and positions to different locations;
•   maintaining existing agreements with customers, providers and vendors and avoiding delays in entering into new agreements with prospective customers, providers and vendors;
•   operating in industry sectors in which we and our current management may have little or no experience;
•   effecting the actions that are required by regulatory approvals we obtained in connection with completing the aetna acquisition.
in addition, at times, the attention of certain members of our management and our resources will be focused on the integration of the businesses of the two companies and diverted from day-to-day business operations, which may adversely affect our businesses.
our future results may be adversely impacted if we do not effectively manage our expanded operations following completion of the aetna acquisition.
following completion of the aetna acquisition our business is significantly larger than the size of either cvs health's or aetna's respective pre-transaction businesses. the combined company's ability to successfully manage this expanded business will depend, in part, upon management's ability to implement an effective integration of the two companies and its ability to manage a combined business with significantly larger size and scope with the associated increased costs and complexity. there can be no assurances that the management of the combined company will be successful or that the combined company will realize the expected operating efficiencies, cost savings and other benefits currently anticipated from the aetna acquisition. if we are not able to fully realize the expected operating efficiencies, cost savings and other benefits anticipated from the aetna acquisition, or such benefits take longer to realize than expected, our combined businesses may not perform as expected and our stock price may be adversely affected.
we may have difficulty attracting, motivating and retaining executives and other key employees following completion of the aetna acquisition.
our future success will depend in part on our ability to retain key executives and other employees of aetna. uncertainty about the effect of the aetna acquisition on cvs health and aetna employees may have an adverse effect on the combined company and consequently the combined business. this uncertainty may impair our ability to attract, retain and motivate key personnel. employee retention may be particularly challenging during the integration process, as employees of cvs health and aetna may experience uncertainty about their future roles in the combined business.
furthermore, if key employees of cvs health or aetna depart or are at risk of departing, including because of issues relating to the uncertainty and difficulty of integration, financial security or a desire not to remain as employees of the combined business, we may have to incur significant costs in retaining such individuals or in identifying, hiring and retaining replacements for departing employees and may lose significant expertise and talent relating to the business of aetna, and our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the aetna acquisition may be materially and adversely affected. accordingly, no assurance can be given that we will be able to attract or retain key employees of aetna to the same extent that aetna was able to attract or retain employees in the past.
parties with which we do business may experience uncertainty associated with the aetna acquisition and/or the post-closing integration process, including with respect to current or future business relationships with the combined business. our business relationships (including business relationships of our health care benefits segment) may be subject to disruption as customers, members, manufacturers, providers, vendors and others may attempt to negotiate changes in existing business relationships or consider entering into business relationships with parties other than the combined business. these disruptions could have a material adverse effect on the businesses, financial condition, results of operations or prospects of one or more of the combined company's businesses, including a material adverse effect on our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the aetna acquisition.
our indebtedness following completion of the aetna acquisition is substantially greater than our indebtedness on a stand-alone basis and greater than the combined indebtedness of cvs health and aetna existing prior to the announcement of the transaction. this increased level of indebtedness could adversely affect our business flexibility and increase our borrowing costs.
in order to complete the aetna acquisition, we incurred acquisition-related debt financing of approximately $45.0 billion and assumed aetna's existing indebtedness with a fair value of approximately $8.1 billion. our substantially increased indebtedness and higher debt-to-equity ratio following completion of the aetna acquisition in comparison to that of cvs health prior to the aetna acquisition has the effect, among other things, of reducing our flexibility to respond to changing business and economic conditions and increases our interest expense compared to pre aetna acquisition periods. in addition, the amount of cash required to service our increased indebtedness levels and thus the demands on our cash resources are greater than the amount of cash flows required to service the indebtedness of cvs health or aetna individually prior to the aetna acquisition. the increased levels of indebtedness could also reduce funds available to fund our efforts to combine our business with aetna and realize expected benefits of the aetna acquisition and/or engage in investments in product development, capital expenditures, dividend payments, share repurchases and other activities and may create competitive disadvantages for us relative to other companies with lower debt levels.
we will continue to incur significant integration-related costs in connection with the aetna acquisition.
we expect to continue to incur significant non-recurring costs associated with combining the operations of cvs health and aetna. we expect to continue to incur significant integration-related costs related to formulating and implementing integration plans, including facilities and systems consolidation costs and employment-related costs. we continue to assess the magnitude of these costs, and additional unanticipated costs may be incurred in the integration of the two companies' businesses. we may not achieve the net benefit of such expenditures that we project associated with the elimination of duplicative costs, as well as the realization of other efficiencies related to the integration of our businesses in the near term, or at all. if we fail to realize the expected expense and other efficiencies we project, our results of operations, cash flows and stock price may be adversely affected.
risks related to our acquisitions, joint ventures and international operations we expect to continue to pursue acquisitions, joint ventures, strategic alliances and other inorganic growth opportunities, which may be unsuccessful, cause us to assume unanticipated liabilities, disrupt our existing businesses, be dilutive or lead us to assume significant debt, among other things.
we expect to continue to pursue acquisitions, joint ventures, strategic alliances and other inorganic growth opportunities as part of our growth strategy. in addition to integration risks, some other risks we face with respect to acquisitions and other inorganic growth strategies include:
•   we frequently compete with other firms, some of which may have greater financial and other resources and a greater tolerance for risk, to acquire attractive companies;
•   the goodwill or other intangible assets established as a result of our acquisitions may be incorrectly valued or may become non-recoverable;
•   we may assume unanticipated liabilities, including those that were not disclosed to us or which we underestimated;
•   the acquired businesses, or the pursuit of other inorganic growth strategies, could disrupt or compete with our existing businesses, distract management, result in the loss of key employees, divert resources, result in tax costs or inefficiencies and make it difficult to maintain our current business standards, controls, information technology systems, policies, procedures and performance;
•   we may finance future acquisitions and other inorganic growth strategies by issuing common stock for some or all of the purchase price, which would dilute the ownership interests of our shareholders;
•   we may incur significant debt in connection with acquisitions (whether to finance acquisitions or by assuming debt from the businesses we acquire);
•   we may not have the expertise to manage and profitably grow the businesses we acquire, and we may need to rely on the retention of key personnel and other suppliers of businesses we acquire, which may be difficult or impossible to accomplish;
•   we may enter into merger or purchase agreements but, due to reasons within or outside our control, fail to complete the related transactions, which could result in termination fees or other penalties that could be material, material disruptions to our businesses and operations and adversely affect our brand and reputation;
•   in order to complete a proposed acquisition, we may be required to divest certain portions of our business;
•   we may be involved in litigation related to mergers or acquisitions, including for matters which occurred prior to the applicable closing, which may be costly to defend and may result in adverse rulings against us that could be material; and
•   the integration into our businesses of the businesses and entities we acquire may affect the way in which existing laws and regulations apply to us, including subjecting us to laws and regulations that did not previously apply to us.
we expect joint ventures to be an important part of our business model transformation and inorganic growth strategies. joint ventures present risks that are different from acquisitions, including selection of appropriate joint venture parties, initial and ongoing governance of the joint venture, joint venture compliance activities (including compliance with applicable cms requirements), growing the joint venture's business in a manner acceptable to all the parties, including other providers in the networks that include joint ventures, maintaining positive relationships among the joint venture parties and the customers, and member and business disruption that may occur upon joint venture termination.
upon the closing of any acquisition we complete, we will need to successfully integrate the products, services and related assets, as well as internal controls into our business operations. if an acquisition is consummated, the integration of the acquired business, its products, services and related assets into our company may also be complex and time-consuming and, if the integration is not fully successful, we may not achieve the anticipated benefits, operating and cost synergies or growth opportunities of an acquisition. potential difficulties that may be encountered in the integration process include the following:
•   integrating personnel, operations and systems (including internal control environments and compliance policies), while maintaining focus on producing and delivering consistent, high quality products and services;
•   managing inefficiencies associated with integrating our operations.
an inability to realize the full extent of the anticipated benefits, operating and cost synergies, innovations and operations efficiencies or growth opportunities of an acquisition, as well as any delays or additional expenses encountered in the integration process, could have a material adverse effect on our businesses and results of operations. furthermore, acquisitions, even if successfully integrated, may fail to further our business strategy as anticipated, expose us to increased competition or challenges with respect to our products, services or geographic markets, and expose us to additional liabilities associated with an acquired business including risks and liabilities associated with litigation involving the acquired business. any one of these challenges or risks could impair our ability to realize any benefit from our acquisitions after we have expended resources on them.
as a result of our expanded international operations, we face political, legal and compliance, operational, regulatory, economic and other risks that we do not face or are more significant than in our domestic operations.
we significantly expanded our international operations as a result of the closing of the aetna acquisition in november 2018. as a result of our expanded international operations, we face political, legal, compliance, operational, regulatory, economic and other risks that we do not face or that are more significant than in our domestic operations. these risks vary widely by country and include varying regional and geopolitical business conditions and demands, government intervention and censorship, discriminatory regulation, nationalization or expropriation of assets and pricing constraints. our international products need to meet country-specific customer and member preferences as well as country-specific legal requirements, including those related to licensing, privacy, data storage, location, protection and security.
our international operations increase our exposure to, and require us to devote significant management resources to implement controls and systems to comply with, the privacy and data protection laws of non-u.s. jurisdictions and the anti-bribery, anti-corruption and anti-money laundering laws of the united states (including the fcpa) and the united kingdom (including the uk bribery act) and similar laws in other jurisdictions. implementing our compliance policies, internal controls and other systems upon our expansion into new countries and geographies may require the investment of considerable management time and management, financial and other resources over a number of years before any significant revenues or profits are generated. violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines, criminal sanctions against us, our officers or employees, restrictions or outright prohibitions on the conduct of our business, and significant brand and reputational harm. we must regularly reassess the size, capability and location of our global infrastructure and make appropriate changes, and must have effective change management processes and internal controls in place to address changes in our businesses and operations. our success depends, in part, on our ability to anticipate these risks and manage these difficulties, and the failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, results of operations, financial condition, brand, reputation and/or long-term growth.
our international operations require us to overcome logistical and other challenges based on differing languages, cultures, legal and regulatory schemes and time zones. our international operations encounter labor laws, standards and customs that can be difficult and make employee relationships less flexible than in our domestic operations and expensive to modify or terminate. in some countries we are required to, or choose to, operate with local business associates, which requires us to manage our relationships with these third parties and may reduce our operational flexibility and ability to quickly respond to business challenges.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the information contained in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in the annual report, which includes the "cautionary statement concerning forward-looking statements" at the end of such section, is incorporated by reference herein.