item 1a. risk factors the companies’ businesses are influenced by many factors that are difficult to predict, involve uncertainties that may materially affect actual results and are often beyond their control. a number of these factors have been identified below. for other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in any forward-looking statement or projection contained in this report, see forward-looking statements in item 7. md&a.
the companies’ results of operations can be affected by changes in the weather. fluctuations in weather can affect demand for the companies’ services. for example, milder than normal weather can reduce demand for electricity and gas transmission and distribution services. in addition, severe weather, including hurricanes, winter storms, earthquakes, floods and other natural disasters can stress systems, disrupt operation of the companies’ facilities and cause service outages, production delays and property damage that require incurring additional expenses. changes in weather conditions can result in reduced water levels or changes in water temperatures that could adversely affect operations at some of the companies’ power stations. furthermore, the companies’ operations could be adversely affected and their physical plant placed at greater risk of damage should changes in global climate produce, among other possible conditions, unusual variations in temperature and weather patterns, resulting in more intense, frequent and extreme weather events, abnormal levels of precipitation and, for operations located on or near coastlines, a change in sea level or sea temperatures.
the rates of dominion energy and dominion energy gas’ gas transmission and distribution operations and dominion energy and virginia power’s electric transmission, distribution and generation operations are subject to regulatory review. revenue provided by dominion energy and virginia power’s electric transmission, distribution and generation operations and dominion energy and dominion energy gas’ gas transmission and distribution operations is based primarily on rates approved by state and federal regulatory agencies. however, certain large scale customers are able to enter into negotiated-rate contracts rather than pay cost-of-service rates which are subject to regulatory review. the profitability of these businesses is dependent on their ability, through the rates that they are permitted to charge, to recover costs and earn a reasonable rate of return on their capital investment.
dominion energy and virginia power’s wholesale rates for electric transmission service are updated on an annual basis through operation of a ferc-approved formula rate mechanism. through this mechanism, dominion energy and virginia power’s wholesale rates for electric transmission reflect the estimated cost-of-service for each calendar year. the difference in the estimated cost-of-service and actual cost-of-service for each calendar year is included as an adjustment to the wholesale rates for electric transmission service in a subsequent calendar year. these wholesale rates are subject to ferc review and prospective adjustment in the event that customers and/or interested state commissions file a complaint with ferc and are able to demonstrate that dominion energy or virginia power’s wholesale revenue requirement is no longer just and reasonable. they are also subject to retroactive corrections to the extent that the formula rate was not properly populated with the actual costs.
similarly, various rates and charges assessed by dominion energy and dominion energy gas’ gas transmission businesses are subject to review by ferc. in addition, the rates of dominion energy and dominion energy gas’ gas distribution businesses are subject to state regulatory review in the jurisdictions in which they operate. a failure by dominion energy or dominion energy gas to support these rates could result in rate decreases from current rate levels, which could adversely affect dominion energy and dominion energy gas’ results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
virginia power’s base rates, terms and conditions for generation and distribution services to customers in virginia are reviewed by the virginia commission in a proceeding that involves the determination of virginia power’s actual earned roe during a historic test period, and the determination of virginia power’s authorized roe prospectively. under certain circumstances described in the regulation act, virginia power may be required to share a portion of its earnings with customers through a refund process.
possible reduction by the south carolina commission and the north carolina commission, which may decrease dominion energy and virginia power’s future earnings, respectively. additionally, if the south carolina and the north carolina commission do not allow recovery through base rates, on a timely basis, of costs incurred in providing service, dominion energy and virginia power’s future earnings could be negatively impacted.
governmental officials, stakeholders and advocacy groups may challenge these regulatory reviews. such challenges may lengthen the time, complexity and costs associated with such regulatory reviews.
the companies are subject to complex governmental regulation, including tax regulation, that could adversely affect their results of operations and subject the companies to monetary penalties. the companies’ operations are subject to extensive federal, state and local regulation and require numerous permits, approvals and certificates from various governmental agencies. such laws and regulations govern the terms and conditions of the services we offer, our relationships with affiliates, protection of our critical electric infrastructure assets and pipeline safety, among other matters. these operations are also subject to legislation governing taxation at the federal, state and local level. they must also comply with environmental legislation and associated regulations. management believes that the necessary approvals have been obtained for existing operations and that the business is conducted in accordance with applicable laws. the companies’ businesses are subject to regulatory regimes which could result in substantial monetary penalties if any of the companies is found not to be in compliance, including mandatory reliability standards and interaction in the wholesale markets. new laws or regulations, the revision or reinterpretation of existing laws or regulations, changes in enforcement practices of regulators, or penalties imposed for non-compliance with existing laws or regulations may result in substantial additional expense. recent legislative and regulatory changes that are impacting the companies include the 2017 tax reform act and tariffs imposed on imported solar panels by the u.s. government in 2018.
the 2017 tax reform act could have a material impact on our operations, cash flows, and financial results. reductions in the estimated annual cost-of-service effect (commonly referred to as the gross-up factor) due to the reduction in the corporate income tax rates to 21% under the provisions of the 2017 tax reform act have been recognized as a regulatory liability and are expected to be refunded to customers, generally through reductions in future rates or in the form of credits to customer bills. in addition, the companies’ regulators may require the reduction in accumulated deferred income tax balances under the provisions of the 2017 tax reform act to be shared with customers, generally through reductions in future rates or in the form of credits to customer bills. the 2017 tax reform act includes provisions that stipulate how these excess deferred taxes may be passed back to customers for certain accelerated tax depreciation benefits. potential reductions in future rates attributable to other, non-plant related excess deferred taxes may be determined by our regulators.
the 2017 tax reform act could have a material impact on dominion energy and dominion energy gas’ ferc-regulated gas operations including rates charged to customers. in light of the reduction in the income tax rate in the 2017 tax reform act, our ferc-regulated gas subsidiaries were required to file informational reports to substantiate the rates charged for transportation and storage of natural gas in interstate commerce, when viewed holistically, are “just and reasonable” taking into account the effects of the 2017 tax reform act and all other drivers. it is unclear if ferc will mandate a one-time rate reset or section 5 rate case for dominion energy and dominion energy gas’ ferc-regulated gas subsidiaries; however, any such action could have a material impact on our operations, cash flows and financial results.
the interpretation of provisions of the 2017 tax reform act that take effect in 2019 may significantly impact our operations. the 2017 tax reform act contains provisions that limit the deductibility of interest expense. the provisions generally limit the interest deduction on business interest to (1) business interest income, plus (2) 30 percent of the taxpayer’s adjusted taxable income. business interest and business interest income is defined as that allocable to a trade or business and not investment interest and income. dominion energy is a consolidated group with both regulated and nonregulated lines of businesses. in november 2018, the u.s. department of treasury issued proposed regulations defining interest as any amounts associated with the time value of money or use of funds. these proposed regulations provide guidance for purposes of the exception to the interest limitation for regulated public utilities, the application of the interest limitation to consolidated groups, such as dominion energy, and the interest limitation with respect to partnerships and partners in those partnerships. it is unclear when that guidance may be finalized, or whether that guidance could result in a disallowance of a portion of our interest deductions in the future.
dominion energy and virginia power’s generation business may be negatively affected by possible ferc actions that could change market design in the wholesale markets or affect pricing rules or revenue calculations in the rto markets. dominion energy and virginia power’s generation stations operating in rto markets sell capacity, energy and ancillary services into wholesale electricity markets regulated by ferc. the wholesale markets allow these generation stations to take advantage of market price opportunities, but also expose them to market risk. properly functioning competitive wholesale markets depend upon ferc’s continuation of clearly identified market rules. from time to time ferc may investigate and authorize rtos to make changes in market design. ferc also periodically reviews dominion energy’s authority to sell at market-based rates. material changes by ferc to the design of the wholesale markets or its interpretation of market rules, dominion energy or virginia power’s authority to sell power at market-based rates, or changes to pricing rules or rules involving revenue calculations, could adversely impact the future results of dominion energy or virginia power’s generation business. for example, in june 2018, ferc issued an order on pjm’s minimum offer price rule proposals finding the pjm tariff unjust and unreasonable because state out-of-market support for resources is suppressing pjm capacity prices and the current tariff provisions do not adequately address the price suppression. ferc is evaluating an alternative that would pull any state supported resource out of the capacity market along with an equivalent amount of load. in addition, there have been changes to the interpretation and application of ferc’s market manipulation rules. a failure to comply with these rules could lead to civil and criminal penalties.
the companies’ infrastructure build and expansion plans often require regulatory approval, including environmental permits, before commencing construction and completing projects. the companies may not complete facility construction, pipeline, conversion or other infrastructure projects that they commence, or they may complete projects on materially different terms or timing than initially anticipated, and they may not be able to achieve the intended benefits of any such project, if completed. several facility construction, pipeline, electric transmission line, expansion, conversion and other infrastructure projects have been announced and additional projects may be considered in the future. the companies compete for projects with companies of varying size and financial capabilities, including some that may have competitive advantages. commencing construction on announced and future projects may require approvals from applicable state and federal agencies, and such approvals could include mitigation costs which may be material to the companies. projects may not be able to be completed on time as a result of weather conditions, delays in obtaining or failure to obtain regulatory approvals, delays in obtaining key materials, labor difficulties, difficulties with partners or potential partners, a decline in the credit strength of counterparties or vendors, or other factors beyond the companies’ control. for example, atlantic coast pipeline has experienced certain delays in obtaining permits necessary for construction along with construction delays due to judicial actions which has impacted the cost and schedule for the atlantic coast pipeline project. even if facility construction, pipeline, expansion, electric transmission line, conversion and other infrastructure projects are completed, the total costs of the projects may be higher than anticipated and the performance of the business of the companies following completion of the projects may not meet expectations. start-up and operational issues can arise in connection with the commencement of commercial operations at our facilities. such issues may include failure to meet specific operating parameters, which may require adjustments to meet or amend these operating parameters. additionally, the companies may not be able to timely and effectively integrate the projects into their operations and such integration may result in unforeseen operating difficulties or unanticipated costs. further, regulators may disallow recovery of some of the costs of a project if they are deemed not to be prudently incurred. any of these or other factors could adversely affect the companies’ ability to realize the anticipated benefits from the facility construction, pipeline, electric transmission line, expansion, conversion and other infrastructure projects.
the development, construction and commissioning of several large-scale infrastructure projects simultaneously involves significant execution risk. the companies are currently simultaneously developing, constructing or commissioning several major projects, including the atlantic coast pipeline project, the supply header project and the coastal virginia offshore wind project. several of the companies’ key projects are increasingly large-scale, complex and being constructed in constrained geographic areas or in difficult terrain, for example, the atlantic coast pipeline project. the advancement of the companies’ ventures is also affected by the interventions, litigation or other activities of stakeholder and advocacy groups, some of which oppose natural gas-related and energy infrastructure projects. for example, certain landowners and stakeholder groups oppose the atlantic coast pipeline project, which could impede construction activities or the acquisition of rights-of-way and other land rights on a timely basis or on acceptable terms. given that these projects provide the foundation for the companies’ strategic growth plan, if the companies are unable to obtain or maintain the required approvals, develop the necessary technical expertise, allocate and coordinate sufficient resources, adhere to budgets and timelines, effectively handle public outreach efforts, or otherwise fail to successfully execute the projects, there could be an adverse impact to the companies’ financial position, results of operations and cash flows. failure to comply with regulatory approval conditions or an adverse ruling in any future litigation could adversely affect the companies’ ability to execute their business plan.
the companies are dependent on their contractors for the successful and timely completion of large-scale infrastructure projects. the construction of such projects is expected to take several years, is typically confined within a limited geographic area or difficult terrain and could be subject to delays, cost overruns, labor disputes and other factors that could cause the total cost of the project to exceed the anticipated amount and adversely affect the companies’ financial performance and/or impair the companies’ ability to execute the business plan for the project as scheduled.
further, an inability to obtain financing or otherwise provide liquidity for the projects on acceptable terms could negatively affect the companies’ financial condition, cash flows, the projects’ anticipated financial results and/or impair the companies’ ability to execute the business plan for the projects as scheduled.
the companies’ operations and construction activities are subject to a number of environmental laws and regulations which impose significant compliance costs to the companies. the companies’ operations and construction activities are subject to extensive federal, state and local environmental statutes, rules and regulations relating to air quality, water quality, waste management, natural resources, and health and safety. compliance with these legal requirements requires the companies to commit significant capital toward permitting, emission fees, environmental monitoring, installation and operation of environmental control equipment and purchase of allowances and/or offsets. additionally, the companies could be responsible for expenses relating to remediation and containment obligations, including at sites where they have been identified by a regulatory agency as a potentially responsible party. expenditures relating to environmental compliance have been significant in the past, and the companies expect that they will remain significant in the future. certain facilities have become uneconomical to operate and have been shut down, converted to new fuel types or sold. these types of events could occur again in the future.
we expect that existing environmental laws and regulations may be revised and/or new laws may be adopted including regulation of ghg emissions which could have an impact on the companies’ business. risks relating to expected regulation of ghg emissions from existing fossil fuel-fired electric generating units are discussed below. in addition, further regulation of air quality and ghg emissions under the caa have been imposed on the natural gas sector, including rules to limit methane leakage. the companies are also subject to federal water and waste regulations, including regulations concerning cooling water intake structures, coal combustion by-product handling and disposal
compliance costs cannot be estimated with certainty due to the inability to predict the requirements and timing of implementation of any new environmental rules or regulations. other factors which affect the ability to predict future environmental expenditures with certainty include the difficulty in estimating clean-up costs and quantifying liabilities under environmental laws that impose joint and several liabilities on all responsible parties. however, such expenditures, if material, could make the companies’ facilities uneconomical to operate, result in the impairment of assets, or otherwise adversely affect the companies’ results of operations, financial performance or liquidity.
any additional federal and/or state requirements imposed on energy companies mandating limitations on ghg emissions or requiring efficiency improvements may result in compliance costs that alone or in combination could make some of the companies’ electric generation units or natural gas facilities uneconomical to maintain or operate. the epa has proposed the affordable clean energy rule targeted at reducing co2 emissions from existing fossil fuel-fired power generation facilities as a replacement for the clean power plan which has been stayed. the affordable clean energy rule would require states to develop plans within three years of the final rule to implement these performance standards. states are also contemplating regulations regarding ghg emissions. for example, the virginia general assembly recently considered legislation which would authorize the state to directly join the rggi program as a full participant. compliance with the proposed affordable clean energy rule or other federal or state carbon regulations is expected to require increasing the energy efficiency of equipment at facilities, committing significant capital toward carbon reduction programs, purchase of allowances and/or emission rate credits, fuel switching, and/or retirement of high-emitting generation facilities and potential replacement with lower-emitting generation facilities. given these developments and uncertainties, dominion energy and virginia power cannot estimate the aggregate effect of such requirements on their results of operations, financial condition or their customers. however, such expenditures, if material, could make dominion energy and virginia power’s generation facilities uneconomical to operate, result in the impairment of assets, or otherwise adversely affect dominion energy or virginia power’s results of operations, financial performance or liquidity.
there are also potential impacts on dominion energy and dominion energy gas’ natural gas businesses as federal or state ghg regulations may require ghg emission reductions from the natural gas sector which, in addition to resulting in increased costs, could affect demand for natural gas. additionally, ghg requirements could result in increased demand for energy conservation and renewable products, which could impact the natural gas businesses.
dominion energy and virginia power are subject to risks associated with the disposal and storage of coal ash. dominion energy and virginia power historically produced and continue to produce coal ash, or ccrs, as a by-product of their coal-fired generation operations. the ash is stored and managed in impoundments (ash ponds) and landfills located at 11 different facilities, eight of which are at virginia power.
the epa has issued regulations concerning the management and storage of ccrs, which virginia has adopted. these ccr regulations require dominion energy and virginia power to make additional capital expenditures and increase operating and maintenance expenses. in addition, dominion energy and virginia power will incur expenses and other costs associated with closing, corrective action and ongoing monitoring of certain ash ponds. dominion energy and virginia power also may face litigation concerning their coal ash facilities.
further, while dominion energy and virginia power operate their ash ponds and landfills in compliance with applicable state safety regulations, a release of coal ash with a significant environmental impact, such as the dan river ash basin release by a neighboring utility, could result in remediation costs, civil and/or criminal penalties, claims, litigation, increased regulation and compliance costs, and reputational damage, and could impact the financial condition of dominion energy and/or virginia power.
the companies’ operations are subject to operational hazards, equipment failures, supply chain disruptions and personnel issues which could negatively affect the companies. operation of the companies’ facilities involves risk, including the risk of potential breakdown or failure of equipment or processes due to aging infrastructure, fuel supply, pipeline integrity or transportation disruptions, accidents, labor disputes or work stoppages by employees, acts of terrorism or sabotage, construction delays or cost overruns, shortages of or delays in obtaining equipment, material and labor, operational restrictions resulting from environmental limitations and governmental interventions, changes to the environment and performance below expected levels. the companies’ businesses are dependent upon sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure, the failure of which could prevent them from accomplishing critical business functions. because the companies’ transmission facilities, pipelines and other facilities are interconnected with those of third parties, the operation of their facilities and pipelines could be adversely affected by unexpected or uncontrollable events occurring on the systems of such third parties.
operation of the companies’ facilities below expected capacity levels could result in lost revenues and increased expenses, including higher maintenance costs. unplanned outages of the companies’ facilities and extensions of scheduled outages due to mechanical failures or other problems occur from time to time and are an inherent risk of the companies’ business. unplanned outages typically increase the companies’ operation and maintenance expenses and may reduce their revenues as a result of selling less output or may require the companies to incur significant costs as a result of operating higher cost units or obtaining replacement output from third parties in the open market to satisfy forward energy and capacity or other contractual obligations. moreover, if the companies are unable to perform their contractual obligations, penalties or liability for damages could result.
in addition, there are many risks associated with the companies’ operations and the transportation, storage and processing of natural gas and ngls, including nuclear accidents, fires, explosions, uncontrolled release of natural gas and other environ-
mental hazards, pole strikes, electric contact cases, the collision of third party equipment with pipelines and avian and other wildlife impacts. such incidents could result in loss of human life or injuries among employees, customers or the public in general, environmental pollution, damage or destruction of facilities or business interruptions and associated public or employee safety impacts, loss of revenues, increased liabilities, heightened regulatory scrutiny and reputational risk. further, the location of pipelines and storage facilities, or generation, transmission, substations and distribution facilities near populated areas, including residential areas, commercial business centers and industrial sites, could increase the level of damages resulting from these risks.
dominion energy and virginia power have substantial ownership interests in and operate nuclear generating units; as a result, each may incur substantial costs and liabilities. dominion energy and virginia power’s nuclear facilities are subject to operational, environmental, health and financial risks such as the on-site storage of spent nuclear fuel, the ability to dispose of such spent nuclear fuel, the ability to maintain adequate reserves for decommissioning, limitations on the amounts and types of insurance available, potential operational liabilities and extended outages, the costs of replacement power, the costs of maintenance and the costs of securing the facilities against possible terrorist attacks. dominion energy and virginia power maintain decommissioning trusts and external insurance coverage to minimize the financial exposure to these risks; however, it is possible that future decommissioning costs could exceed amounts in the decommissioning trusts and/or damages could exceed the amount of insurance coverage. if dominion energy and virginia power’s decommissioning trust funds are insufficient, and they are not allowed to recover the additional costs incurred through insurance or regulatory mechanisms, their results of operations could be negatively impacted.
dominion energy and virginia power’s nuclear facilities are also subject to complex government regulation which could negatively impact their results of operations. the nrc has broad authority under federal law to impose licensing and safety-related requirements for the operation of nuclear generating facilities. in the event of noncompliance, the nrc has the authority to impose fines, set license conditions, shut down a nuclear unit, or take some combination of these actions, depending on its assessment of the severity of the situation, until compliance is achieved. revised safety requirements promulgated by the nrc could require dominion energy and virginia power to make substantial expenditures at their nuclear plants. in addition, although the companies have no reason to anticipate a serious nuclear incident at their plants, if an incident did occur, it could materially and adversely affect their results of operations and/or financial condition. a major incident at a nuclear facility anywhere in the world, such as the nuclear events in japan in 2011, could cause the nrc to adopt increased safety regulations or otherwise limit or restrict the operation or licensing of domestic nuclear units.
sustained declines in natural gas and ngl prices have resulted in, and could result in further, curtailments of third-party producers’ drilling programs, delaying the production of volumes of natural gas and ngls that dominion energy and dominion energy gas gather, process, and transport and reducing the value of ngls retained by dominion energy gas, which may adversely affect dominion energy and dominion energy gas’ revenues and earnings. dominion energy and dominion energy gas obtain their supply of natural gas and ngls from numerous third-party producers. most producers are under no obligation to deliver a specific quantity of natural gas or ngls to dominion energy and dominion energy gas’ facilities. a number of other factors could reduce the volumes of natural gas and ngls available to dominion energy and dominion energy gas’ pipelines and other assets. increased regulation of energy extraction activities could result in reductions in drilling for new natural gas wells, which could decrease the volumes of natural gas supplied to dominion energy and dominion energy gas. producers with direct commodity price exposure face liquidity constraints, which could present a credit risk to dominion energy and dominion energy gas. producers could shift their production activities to regions outside dominion energy and dominion energy gas’ footprint. in addition, the extent of natural gas reserves and the rate of production from such reserves may be less than anticipated. if producers were to decrease the supply of natural gas or ngls to dominion energy and dominion energy gas’ systems and facilities for any reason, dominion energy and dominion energy gas could experience lower revenues to the extent they are unable to replace the lost volumes on similar terms. in addition, dominion energy gas’ revenue from processing and fractionation operations largely results from the sale of commodities at market prices. dominion energy gas receives the wet gas product from producers and may retain the extracted ngls as compensation for its services. this exposes dominion energy gas to commodity price risk for the value of the spread between the ngl products and natural gas, and relative changes in these prices could adversely impact dominion energy gas’ results.
dominion energy’s merchant power business operates in a challenging market, which could adversely affect its results of operations and future growth. the success of dominion energy’s merchant power business depends upon favorable market conditions including the ability to sell power at prices sufficient to cover its operating costs. dominion energy operates in active wholesale markets that expose it to price volatility for electricity and nuclear fuel as well as the credit risk of counterparties. dominion energy attempts to manage its price risk by entering into hedging transactions, including short-term and long-term fixed price sales and purchase contracts.
in these wholesale markets, the spot market price of electricity for each hour is generally determined by the cost of supplying the next unit of electricity to the market during that hour. in many cases, the next unit of electricity supplied would be provided by generating stations that consume fossil fuels, primarily natural gas. consequently, the open market wholesale price for electricity generally reflects the cost of natural gas plus the cost to convert the fuel to electricity. therefore, changes in the price of natural gas generally affect the open market wholesale price of electricity. to the extent dominion energy does not enter into long-term power purchase agreements or otherwise effectively hedge its output, these changes in market prices could adversely affect its financial results.
dominion energy purchases nuclear fuel primarily under long-term contracts. dominion energy is exposed to nuclear fuel cost volatility for the portion of its nuclear fuel obtained through short-term contracts or on the spot market, including as a result
of market supply shortages. nuclear fuel prices can be volatile and the price that can be obtained for power produced may not change at the same rate as nuclear fuel costs, thus adversely impacting dominion energy’s financial results. in addition, in the event that any of the merchant generation facilities experience a forced outage, dominion energy may not receive the level of revenue it anticipated.
the companies’ financial results can be adversely affected by various factors driving supply and demand for electricity and gas and related services. technological advances required by federal laws mandate new levels of energy efficiency in end-use devices, including lighting, furnaces and electric heat pumps and could lead to declines in per capita energy consumption. additionally, certain regulatory and legislative bodies have introduced or are considering requirements and/or incentives to reduce energy consumption by a fixed date. further, virginia power’s business model is premised upon the cost efficiency of the production, transmission and distribution of large-scale centralized utility generation. however, advances in distributed generation technologies, such as solar cells, gas microturbines and fuel cells, may make these alternative generation methods competitive with large-scale utility generation, and change how customers acquire or use our services. virginia power has an exclusive franchise to serve retail electric customers in virginia. however, virginia’s retail access statutes allow certain power generation customers exceptions to this franchise. as market conditions change, virginia power’s customers may further pursue exceptions and virginia power’s exclusive franchise may erode.
reduced energy demand or significantly slowed growth in demand due to customer adoption of energy efficient technology, conservation, distributed generation, regional economic conditions, or the impact of additional compliance obligations, unless substantially offset through regulatory cost allocations, could adversely impact the value of the companies’ business activities.
dominion energy gas has experienced a decline in demand for certain of its processing services due to competing facilities operating in nearby areas.
dominion energy and dominion energy gas may not be able to maintain, renew or replace their existing portfolio of customer contracts successfully, or on favorable terms. upon contract expiration, customers may not elect to re-contract with dominion energy and dominion energy gas as a result of a variety of factors, including the amount of competition in the industry, changes in the price of natural gas, their level of satisfaction with dominion energy and dominion energy gas’ services, the extent to which dominion energy and dominion energy gas are able to successfully execute their business plans and the effect of the regulatory framework on customer demand. the failure to replace any such customer contracts on similar terms or with counterparties with similar credit profiles could result in a loss of revenue for dominion energy and dominion energy gas and related decreases in their earnings and cash flows.
certain of dominion energy and dominion energy gas’ gas pipeline services are subject to long-term, fixed-price “negotiated rate” contracts that are not subject to adjustment, even if the cost to perform such services exceeds the revenues received from such contracts. under ferc policy, a regulated service provider and a customer may mutually agree to sign a contract for service at a “negotiated rate” which may be above or below the ferc regulated, cost-based recourse rate for that service. these “negotiated rate” contracts are not generally subject to adjustment for increased costs which could be produced by inflation or other factors relating to the specific facilities being used to perform the services. any shortfall of revenue as a result of these “negotiated rate” contracts could decrease dominion energy and dominion energy gas’ earnings and cash flows.
dominion energy and dominion energy gas conduct certain operations through joint ventures that may limit our operational flexibility. certain operations are conducted through joint venture arrangements, such as atlantic coast pipeline and iroquois, to which dominion energy and dominion energy gas have significant influence but do not control the operations of such entities. the joint ventures operate in accordance with the applicable governing provisions of each entity. accordingly, dominion energy and dominion energy gas may have limited ability to influence or control certain day to day activities affecting the operations and do have not unilateral control over decisions that may have a material financial impact on the joint venture participants. dominion energy and dominion energy gas are dependent upon third parties satisfying their respective obligations, including, as applicable, funding of their required share of capital expenditures. in addition, dominion energy and dominion energy gas may be subject to restrictions or limitations on their ability to sell or transfer their interests in the joint venture arrangements. the third-party participants in the joint ventures have their own interests and objectives which may differ from those of dominion energy and dominion energy gas. accordingly, any disputes amongst the joint venture partners may result in delays, litigation or operational impasses.
exposure to counterparty performance may adversely affect the companies’ financial results of operations. the companies are exposed to credit risks of their counterparties and the risk that one or more counterparties may fail or delay the performance of their contractual obligations, including but not limited to payment for services. some of dominion energy’s operations are conducted through less than wholly-owned subsidiaries, as noted above. counterparties could fail or delay the performance of their contractual obligations for a number of reasons, including the effect of regulations on their operations. defaults or failure to perform by customers, suppliers, contractors, joint venture partners, financial institutions or other third parties may adversely affect the companies’ financial results.
dominion energy is exposed to counterparty credit risk relating to the terminal services agreements for the liquefaction project. while the counterparties’ obligations are supported by parental guarantees and letters of credit, there is no assurance that such credit support would be sufficient to satisfy the obligations in the event of a counterparty default. in addition, if a controversy arises under either agreement resulting in a judgment in dominion energy’s favor, dominion energy may need to seek to enforce a final u.s. court judgment in a foreign tribunal, which could involve a lengthy process.
market performance and other changes may decrease the value of dominion energy and virginia power’s decommissioning trust funds and dominion energy and dominion energy gas’ benefit plan assets or increase dominion energy and dominion energy gas’ liabilities, which could then require significant additional funding. the performance of the capital markets affects the value of the assets that are held in trusts to
satisfy future obligations to decommission dominion energy and virginia power’s nuclear plants and under dominion energy and dominion energy gas’ pension and other postretirement benefit plans. the companies have significant obligations in these areas and hold significant assets in these trusts. these assets are subject to market fluctuation and will yield uncertain returns, which may fall below expected return rates.
with respect to decommissioning trust funds, a decline in the market value of these assets may increase the funding requirements of the obligations to decommission dominion energy and virginia power’s nuclear plants or require additional nrc-approved funding assurance.
a decline in the market value of the assets held in trusts to satisfy future obligations under dominion energy and dominion energy gas’ pension and other postretirement benefit plans may increase the funding requirements under such plans. additionally, changes in interest rates will affect the liabilities under dominion energy and dominion energy gas’ pension and other postretirement benefit plans; as interest rates decrease, the liabilities increase, potentially requiring additional funding. further, changes in demographics, including increased numbers of retirements or changes in mortality assumptions, may also increase the funding requirements of the obligations related to the pension and other postretirement benefit plans.
if the decommissioning trust funds and benefit plan assets are negatively impacted by market fluctuations or other factors, the companies’ results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows could be negatively affected.
the use of derivative instruments could result in financial losses and liquidity constraints. the companies use derivative instruments, including futures, swaps, forwards, options and ftrs, to manage commodity, currency and financial market risks. in addition, dominion energy and dominion energy gas purchase and sell commodity-based contracts for hedging purposes.
the dodd-frank act was enacted into law in july 2010 in an effort to improve regulation of financial markets. the cea, as amended by title vii of the dodd-frank act, requires certain over-the-counter derivatives, or swaps, to be cleared through a derivatives clearing organization and, if the swap is subject to a clearing requirement, to be executed on a designated contract market or swap execution facility. non-financial entities that use swaps to hedge or mitigate commercial risk, often referred to as end users, may elect the end-user exception to the cea’s clearing requirements. the companies have elected to exempt their swaps from the cea’s clearing requirements. if, as a result of changes to the rulemaking process, the companies’ derivative activities are not exempted from the clearing, exchange trading or margin requirements, the companies could be subject to higher costs due to decreased market liquidity or increased margin payments. in addition, the companies’ swap dealer counterparties may attempt to pass-through additional trading costs in connection with changes to or the elimination of rulemaking that implements title vii of the dodd-frank act.
changing rating agency requirements could negatively affect the companies’ growth and business strategy. in order to maintain appropriate credit ratings to obtain needed credit at a reasonable cost in light of existing or future rating agency requirements, the companies may find it necessary to take steps or change their business plans in ways that may adversely affect their growth and earnings. a reduction in the companies’ credit ratings could result in an increase in borrowing costs, loss of access to certain markets, or both, thus adversely affecting operating results and could require the companies to post additional collateral in connection with some of its price risk management activities.
an inability to access financial markets could adversely affect the execution of the companies’ business plans. the companies rely on access to short-term money markets and longer-term capital markets as significant sources of funding and liquidity for business plans with increasing capital expenditure needs, normal working capital and collateral requirements related to hedges of future sales and purchases of energy-related commodities. deterioration in the companies’ creditworthiness, as evaluated by credit rating agencies or otherwise, or declines in market reputation either for the companies or their industry in general, or general financial market disruptions outside of the companies’ control could increase their cost of borrowing or restrict their ability to access one or more financial markets. further market disruptions could stem from delays in the current economic recovery, the bankruptcy of an unrelated company, general market disruption due to general credit market or political events, or the failure of financial institutions on which the companies rely. increased costs and restrictions on the companies’ ability to access financial markets may be severe enough to affect their ability to execute their business plans as scheduled.
potential changes in accounting practices may adversely affect the companies’ financial results. the companies cannot predict the impact that future changes in accounting standards or practices may have on public companies in general, the energy industry or their operations specifically. new accounting standards could be issued that could change the way they record revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities. these changes in accounting standards could adversely affect earnings or could increase liabilities.
war, acts and threats of terrorism, intentional acts and other significant events could adversely affect the companies’ operations. the companies cannot predict the impact that any future terrorist attacks may have on the energy industry in general, or on the companies’ business in particular. any retaliatory military strikes or sustained military campaign may affect the companies’ operations in unpredictable ways, such as changes in insurance markets and disruptions of fuel supplies and markets. in addition, the companies’ infrastructure facilities, including projects under construction, could be direct targets of, or indirect casualties of, an act of terror. for example, there have been multiple instances of vandalism or attempted sabotage on third-party oil and gas pipelines either under construction or in operation. furthermore, the physical compromise of the companies’ facilities could adversely affect the companies’ ability to manage these facilities effectively. instability in financial markets as a result of terrorism, war, intentional acts, pandemic, credit crises, recession or other factors could result in a significant decline in the u.s. economy and increase the cost of insurance coverage. this could negatively impact the companies’ results of operations and financial condition.
the companies own assets deemed as critical infrastructure, the operation of which is dependent on information technology systems. further, the computer systems that run the companies’ facilities are not completely isolated from external networks. there appears to be an increasing level of activity, sophistication and maturity of threat actors, in particular nation state actors, that wish to disrupt the u.s. bulk power system and the u.s. gas transmission or distribution system. such parties could view the companies’ computer systems, software or networks as attractive targets for cyber attack. for example, malware has been designed to target software that runs the nation’s critical infrastructure such as power transmission grids and gas pipelines. in addition, the companies’ businesses require that they and their vendors collect and maintain sensitive customer data, as well as confidential employee and shareholder information, which is subject to electronic theft or loss.
a successful cyber attack on the systems that control the companies’ electric generation, electric or gas transmission or distribution assets could severely disrupt business operations, preventing the companies from serving customers or collecting revenues. the breach of certain business systems could affect the companies’ ability to correctly record, process and report financial information. a major cyber incident could result in significant expenses to investigate and repair security breaches or system damage and could lead to litigation, fines, other remedial action, heightened regulatory scrutiny and damage to the companies’ reputation. in addition, the misappropriation, corruption or loss of personally identifiable information and other confidential data at the companies or one of their vendors could lead to significant breach notification expenses and mitigation expenses such as credit monitoring. while the companies maintain property and casualty insurance, along with other contractual provisions, that may cover certain damage caused by potential cyber incidents, all damage and claims arising from such incidents may not be covered or may exceed the amount of any insurance available. for these reasons, a significant cyber incident could materially and adversely affect the companies’ business, financial condition and results of operations.
failure to attract and retain key executive officers and an appropriately qualified workforce could have an adverse effect on the companies’ operations. the companies’ business strategy is dependent on their ability to recruit, retain and motivate employees. the companies’ key executive officers are the ceo, cfo and presidents and those responsible for financial, operational, legal, regulatory and accounting functions. competition for skilled management employees in these areas of the companies’ business operations is high. certain events, such as an aging workforce, mismatch of skill set, or unavailability of contract resources may lead to operating challenges and increased costs. the challenges include lack of resources, loss of knowledge base and the length of time required for skill development. in this case, costs, including costs for contractors to replace employees, productivity costs and safety costs, may rise. failure to hire and adequately train replacement employees, including the transfer of significant internal historical knowledge and expertise to new employees, or future availability and cost of contract labor may adversely affect the ability to manage and operate the companies’ business. in addition, certain specialized knowledge is required of the companies’ technical employees for construction and oper-
ation of transmission, generation and distribution assets. the companies’ inability to attract and retain these employees could adversely affect their business and future operating results.
following the scana combination, dominion energy may be unable to successfully integrate scana’s businesses. dominion energy is devoting significant management attention and resources to integrating scana’s businesses. while dominion energy has assumed that a certain level of transaction and integration expenses will be incurred, there are a number of factors beyond its control that could affect the total amount or the timing of its integration expenses. potential difficulties dominion energy may encounter in the integration process include the following:
•   the complexities associated with integrating scana, including its utility businesses, while at the same time continuing to provide consistent, high quality services;
•   the complexities of integrating a company with different markets and customers;
•   the inability to attract and retain key employees;
•   potential unknown liabilities and unforeseen increased expenses associated with the scana combination;
•   difficulties in managing political and regulatory conditions related to scana’s utility businesses;
•   the moratorium on filing requests for adjustments in sce&amp;g’s base electric rates until may 2020 with no changes in rates until january 1, 2021, which limits dominion energy’s ability to recover increases in non-fuel related costs of electric operations for sce&amp;g’s customers;
•   the stipulation agreement approved by the north carolina commission, which provides for a rate moratorium at psnc until november 1, 2021, with certain exceptions; and
for these reasons, it is possible that the integration process could result in the distraction of dominion energy’s management, the disruption of dominion energy’s ongoing business or inconsistencies in its services, standards, controls, procedures and policies, any of which could adversely affect the ability of dominion energy to maintain or establish relationships with current and prospective customers, vendors and employees or could otherwise adversely affect the business and financial results of dominion energy.
dominion energy may be materially adversely affected by negative publicity related to the scana combination and in connection with other related matters, including the abandonment of the nnd project. from time to time, political and public sentiment in connection with the merger and in connection with other matters, including the abandonment of the nnd project, may result in a significant amount of adverse press coverage and other adverse public statements affecting dominion energy. adverse press coverage and other adverse statements, whether or not driven by political or public sentiment, may also result in investigations by regulators, legislators and law enforcement officials or in legal claims. responding to these investigations and lawsuits, regardless of the ultimate outcome of the proceedings, as well as responding to and addressing adverse press coverage and other adverse public statements, can divert the time and effort of senior management from the management of dominion energy’s business.
addressing any adverse publicity, governmental scrutiny or enforcement or other legal proceedings is time consuming and expensive and, regardless of the factual basis for the assertions being made, can have a negative impact on the reputation of dominion energy, on the morale and performance of their employees and on their relationships with their respective regulators, customers and commercial counterparties. it may also have a negative impact on their ability to take timely advantage of various business and market opportunities. the direct and indirect effects of negative publicity, and the demands of responding to and addressing it, may have a material adverse effect on dominion energy’s business, financial condition and results of operations.
the scana combination may not be accretive to operating earnings and may cause dilution to dominion energy’s earnings per share, which may negatively affect the market price of dominion energy common stock. dominion energy currently anticipates that the scana combination will be immediately accretive to dominion energy’s forecasted operating earnings per share on a standalone basis. this expectation is based on preliminary estimates, which may materially change. dominion energy may encounter additional transaction and integration-related costs, may fail to realize all of the benefits anticipated in the merger or be subject to other factors that affect preliminary estimates or its ability to realize operational efficiencies. any of these factors could cause a decrease in dominion energy’s operating earnings per share or decrease or delay the expected accretive effect of the merger and contribute to a decrease in the price of dominion energy’s common stock. dominion energy expects the initial effect of the scana combination on its gaap earnings will be a decrease in such earnings due to the anticipated charges for refunds to sce&g customers and transaction and transition costs.
through the scana combination, dominion energy acquired scana and sce&g which are subject to numerous legal proceedings and ongoing governmental investigations and examinations. scana and sce&g are defendants in numerous federal and state legal proceedings and governmental investigations relating to the decision to abandon construction at the nnd project. among other things, the lawsuits and investigations allege misrepresentation, failure to properly manage the nnd project, unfair trade practices and violation of anti-trust laws. the plaintiffs seek a judgment that sce&g may not charge its customers for any past or continuing costs of the nnd project, among other remedies.
additionally, scana and sce&g are defendants in federal and state legal proceedings relating to the scana combination. among other things, the lawsuits allege breaches of various fiduciary duties. remedies sought include rescinding the scana combination.
the outcome of these legal proceedings, investigations and examinations is uncertain and may adversely affect dominion energy’s financial condition or results of operation.
dominion energy has goodwill and other intangible assets on its balance sheet, and these amounts will increase as a result of the scana combination. if its goodwill or other intangible assets become impaired in the future, dominion energy may be required to record a significant, non-cash charge to earnings and reduce its shareholders’ equity. dominion energy will record as goodwill the excess of the purchase price paid by dominion energy over the fair value of scana’s assets and liabilities as determined for financial accounting purposes in its consolidated balance sheet beginning in the first quarter of 2019. under gaap, intangible assets are reviewed for impairment on an annual basis or more frequently whenever events or circumstances indicate that its carrying value may not be recoverable. if dominion energy’s intangible assets, including goodwill as a result of the scana combination, are determined to be impaired in the future, dominion energy may be required to record a significant, non-cash charge to earnings during the period in which the impairment is determined.
item 7. management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations md&a discusses dominion energy’s results of operations and general financial condition and virginia power and dominion energy gas’ results of operations. md&a should be read in conjunction with item 1. business and the consolidated financial statements in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data. virginia power and dominion energy gas meet the conditions to file under the reduced disclosure format, and therefore have omitted certain sections of md&a.
•   liquidity and capital resources—dominion energy
forward-looking statements this report contains statements concerning the companies’ expectations, plans, objectives, future financial performance and other statements that are not historical facts. these statements are “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. in most cases, the reader can identify these forward-looking statements by such words as “anticipate,” “estimate,” “forecast,” “expect,” “believe,” “should,” “could,” “plan,” “may,” “continue,” “target” or other similar words.
the companies make forward-looking statements with full knowledge that risks and uncertainties exist that may cause actual results to differ materially from predicted results. factors that may cause actual results to differ are often presented with the forward-looking statements themselves. additionally, other factors may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in any forward-looking statement. these factors include but are not limited to:
•   unusual weather conditions and their effect on energy sales to customers and energy commodity prices;
•   extreme weather events and other natural disasters, including, but not limited to, hurricanes, high winds, severe storms, earthquakes, flooding and changes in water temperatures and availability that can cause outages and property damage to facilities;
•   changes to federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations, including those related to climate change, the tightening of emission or discharge limits for ghgs and other substances, more extensive permitting requirements and the regulation of additional substances;
•   changes in implementation and enforcement practices of regulators relating to environmental standards and litigation exposure for remedial activities;
•   difficulty in anticipating mitigation requirements associated with environmental and other regulatory approvals or related appeals;
•   risks associated with the operation of nuclear facilities, including costs associated with the disposal of spent nuclear fuel, decommissioning, plant maintenance and changes in existing regulations governing such facilities;
•   unplanned outages at facilities in which the companies have an ownership interest;
•   fluctuations in energy-related commodity prices and the effect these could have on dominion energy and dominion energy gas’ earnings and the companies’ liquidity position and the underlying value of their assets;
•   counterparty credit and performance risk;
•   global capital market conditions, including the availability of credit and the ability to obtain financing on reasonable terms;
•   risks associated with virginia power’s membership and participation in pjm, including risks related to obligations created by the default of other participants;
•   fluctuations in the value of investments held in nuclear decommissioning trusts by dominion energy and virginia power and in benefit plan trusts by dominion energy and dominion energy gas;
•   changes in rating agency requirements or credit ratings and their effect on availability and cost of capital;
•   employee workforce factors including collective bargaining agreements and labor negotiations with union employees;
•   impacts of acquisitions, including the recently completed scana combination, divestitures, transfers of assets to joint ventures and retirements of assets based on asset portfolio reviews;
•   receipt of approvals for, and timing of, closing dates for acquisitions and divestitures;
•   changes in rules for rtos and isos in which dominion energy and virginia power participate, including changes in rate designs, changes in ferc’s interpretation of market rules and new and evolving capacity models;
•   political and economic conditions, including inflation and deflation;
•   domestic terrorism and other threats to the companies’ physical and intangible assets, as well as threats to cybersecurity;
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, continued energy conservation programs, the availability of energy efficient devices and the use of distributed generation methods;
•   additional competition in industries in which the companies operate, including in electric markets in which dominion energy’s merchant generation facilities operate and potential competition from the development and deployment of alternative energy sources, such as self-generation and distributed generation technologies, and availability of market alternatives to large commercial and industrial customers;
•   competition in the development, construction and ownership of certain electric transmission facilities in dominion energy and virginia power’s service territories in connection with order 1000;
•   changes in technology, particularly with respect to new, developing or alternative sources of generation and smart grid technologies;
•   timing and receipt of regulatory approvals necessary for planned construction or growth projects and compliance with conditions associated with such regulatory approvals;
•   the inability to complete planned construction, conversion or growth projects at all, or with the outcomes or within the terms and time frames initially anticipated, including as a result of increased public involvement or intervention in such projects;
•   adverse outcomes in litigation matters or regulatory proceedings, including matters acquired in the scana combination; and
•   the impact of operational hazards, including adverse developments with respect to pipeline and plant safety or integrity, equipment loss, malfunction or failure, operator error, and other catastrophic events.
additionally, other risks that could cause actual results to differ from predicted results are set forth in item 1a. risk factors.
accounting matters critical accounting policies and estimates dominion energy has identified the following accounting policies, including certain inherent estimates, that as a result of the judgments, uncertainties, uniqueness and complexities of the underlying accounting standards and operations involved, could result in material changes to its financial condition or results of operations under different conditions or using different assumptions. dominion energy has discussed the development, selection and disclosure of each of these policies with the audit committee of its board of directors.
accounting for regulated operations the accounting for dominion energy’s regulated electric and gas operations differs from the accounting for nonregulated operations in that dominion energy is required to reflect the effect of rate regulation in its consolidated financial statements. for regulated businesses subject to federal or state cost-of-service rate regulation, regulatory practices that assign costs to accounting periods may differ from accounting methods generally applied by nonregulated companies. when it is probable that regulators will permit the recovery of current costs through future rates charged to customers, these costs that otherwise would be expensed by nonregulated companies are deferred as regulatory assets. likewise, regulatory liabilities are recognized when it is probable that regulators will require customer refunds through future rates or when revenue is collected from customers for expenditures that have yet to be incurred. generally, regulatory assets and liabilities are amortized into income over the period authorized by the regulator.
dominion energy evaluates whether or not recovery of its regulatory assets through future rates is probable and makes various assumptions in its analysis. the expectations of future recovery are generally based on orders issued by regulatory commissions, legislation or historical experience, as well as discussions with applicable regulatory authorities and legal counsel. if recovery of a regulatory asset is determined to be less than probable, it will be written off in the period such assessment is made. see notes 12 and 13 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
asset retirement obligations dominion energy recognizes liabilities for the expected cost of retiring tangible long-lived assets for which a legal obligation exists and the aro can be reasonably estimated. these aros are recognized at fair value as incurred or when sufficient information becomes available to determine fair value and are generally capitalized as part of the cost of the related long-lived assets. in the absence of quoted market prices, dominion energy estimates the fair value of its aros using present value techniques, in which it makes various assumptions including estimates of the amounts and timing of future cash flows associated with retirement activities, credit-adjusted risk free rates and cost escalation rates. the impact on measurements of new aros or remeasurements of existing aros, using different cost escalation or credit-adjusted risk free rates in the future, may be significant. when dominion energy revises any assumptions used to calculate the fair value of existing aros, it adjusts the carrying amount of both the aro liability and the related long-lived asset for assets that are in service; for assets that have ceased operations, dominion energy adjusts the carrying amount of the aro liability with such changes recognized in income. dominion energy accretes the aro liability to reflect the passage of time. in 2018, dominion energy recorded an increase in aros of $140 million primarily related to future ash pond and landfill closure costs at certain generation facilities. see note 22 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
in 2018, 2017 and 2016, dominion energy recognized $119 million, $117 million and $104 million, respectively, of accretion, and expects to recognize approximately $145 million in 2019. dominion energy records accretion and depreciation associated with utility nuclear decommissioning aros and regulated pipeline replacement aros as an adjustment to the regulatory liabilities related to these items.
a significant portion of dominion energy’s aros relates to the future decommissioning of its merchant and utility nuclear facilities. these nuclear decommissioning aros are reported in the power generation segment. subsequent to the scana combination, scana’s nuclear decommissioning aros will be reported in the southeast energy segment. at december 31, 2018, dominion energy’s nuclear decommissioning aros totaled $1.6 billion, representing approximately 62% of its total aros. subsequent to the scana combination, dominion energy’s nuclear decommissioning aros will total approximately $1.8 billion, representing approximately 55% of its total aros. based on their significance, the following discussion of critical assumptions inherent in determining the fair value of aros relates to those associated with dominion energy’s nuclear decommissioning obligations.
dominion energy obtains from third-party specialists periodic site-specific base year cost studies in order to estimate the nature, cost and timing of planned decommissioning activities for its nuclear plants. these cost studies are based on relevant information available at the time they are performed; however, estimates of future cash flows for extended periods of time are by nature highly uncertain and may vary significantly from actual results. in addition, dominion energy’s cost estimates include cost escalation rates that are applied to the base year costs. dominion energy determines cost escalation rates, which represent projected cost increases over time due to both general inflation and increases in the cost of specific decommissioning activities, for each nuclear facility. the selection of these cost escalation rates is dependent on subjective factors which are considered to be critical assumptions.
income taxes judgment and the use of estimates are required in developing the provision for income taxes and reporting of tax-related assets and liabilities. the interpretation of tax laws, including the provisions of the 2017 tax reform act, involves uncertainty, since tax authorities may interpret the laws differently. in addition, the states in which the companies operate may or may not conform to some or all the provisions in the 2017 tax reform act. ultimate resolution or clarification of income tax matters may result in favorable or unfavorable impacts to net income and cash flows, and adjustments to tax-related assets and liabilities could be material.
given the uncertainty and judgment involved in the determination and filing of income taxes, there are standards for recognition and measurement in financial statements of positions taken or expected to be taken by an entity in its income tax returns. positions taken by an entity in its income tax returns that are recognized in the financial statements must satisfy a more-likely-than-not recognition threshold, assuming that the position will be examined by tax authorities with full knowledge of all relevant information. at december 31, 2018, dominion energy had
$44 million of unrecognized tax benefits. changes in these unrecognized tax benefits may result from remeasurement of amounts expected to be realized, settlements with tax authorities and expiration of statutes of limitations.
deferred income tax assets and liabilities are recorded representing future effects on income taxes for temporary differences between the bases of assets and liabilities for financial reporting and tax purposes. dominion energy evaluates quarterly the probability of realizing deferred tax assets by considering current and historical financial results, expectations for future taxable income and the availability of tax planning strategies that can be implemented, if necessary, to realize deferred tax assets. failure to achieve forecasted taxable income or successfully implement tax planning strategies may affect the realization of deferred tax assets. dominion energy establishes a valuation allowance when it is more-likely-than-not that all or a portion of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. at december 31, 2018, dominion energy had established $158 million of valuation allowances.
the 2017 tax reform act included a broad range of tax reform provisions affecting the companies, including changes in corporate tax rates and business deductions. many of these provisions differ significantly from prior u.s. tax law, resulting in pervasive financial reporting implications for the companies. the 2017 tax reform act included significant changes to the internal revenue code of 1986, including amendments which significantly change the taxation of individuals and business entities and included specific provisions related to regulated public utilities including dominion energy subsidiaries questar gas, hope, and sce&g and psnc, following the scana combination, virginia power and dominion energy gas’ subsidiaries deti and east ohio. the more significant changes that impact the companies included in the 2017 tax reform act are (i) reducing the corporate federal income tax rate from 35% to 21%; (ii) effective in 2018, limiting the deductibility of interest expense to 30% of adjusted taxable income for certain businesses with any disallowed interest allowed to be carried forward indefinitely; (iii) permitting 100% expensing (100% bonus depreciation) for certain qualified property; (iv) eliminating the deduction for qualified domestic production activities; and (v) limiting the utilization of net operating losses arising after december 31, 2017 to 80% of taxable income with an indefinite carryforward. the specific provisions related to regulated public utilities in the 2017 tax reform act generally allow for the continued deductibility of interest expense, the exclusion from full expensing for tax purposes of certain property acquired and placed in service after september 27, 2017 and continued certain rate normalization requirements for accelerated depreciation benefits.
at the date of enactment, the companies’ deferred taxes were remeasured based upon the new tax rate expected to apply when temporary differences are realized or settled. for regulated operations, many of the changes in deferred taxes represented amounts probable of collection from or refund to customers, and were recorded as either an increase to a regulatory asset or liability. the 2017 tax reform act included provisions that stipulate how these excess deferred taxes may be passed back to customers for certain accelerated tax depreciation benefits. potential refunds of other deferred taxes will be determined by the companies’ regulators. for nonregulated operations, the changes in deferred taxes were recorded as an adjustment to deferred tax expense.
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, continued accounting for derivative contracts and financial instruments at fair value dominion energy uses derivative contracts such as physical and financial forwards, futures, swaps, options and ftrs to manage commodity, interest rate and foreign currency exchange rate risks of its business operations. derivative contracts, with certain exceptions, are reported in the consolidated balance sheets at fair value. the majority of investments held in dominion energy’s nuclear decommissioning and rabbi trusts and pension and other postretirement funds are also subject to fair value accounting. see notes 6 and 21 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on these fair value measurements.
fair value is based on actively-quoted market prices, if available. in the absence of actively-quoted market prices, management seeks indicative price information from external sources, including broker quotes and industry publications. when evaluating pricing information provided by brokers and other pricing services, dominion energy considers whether the broker is willing and able to trade at the quoted price, if the broker quotes are based on an active market or an inactive market and the extent to which brokers are utilizing a particular model if pricing is not readily available. if pricing information from external sources is not available, or if dominion energy believes that observable pricing information is not indicative of fair value, judgment is required to develop the estimates of fair value. in those cases, dominion energy must estimate prices based on available historical and near-term future price information and use of statistical methods, including regression analysis, that reflect its market assumptions.
use of estimates in goodwill impairment testing as of december 31, 2018, dominion energy reported $6.4 billion of goodwill in its consolidated balance sheet. a significant portion resulted from the acquisition of the former cng in 2000 and the dominion energy questar combination in 2016. as discussed in note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, dominion energy expects to reflect a significant amount of goodwill in connection with the scana combination in its consolidated balance sheet in the first quarter of 2019.
in april of each year, dominion energy tests its goodwill for potential impairment, and performs additional tests more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change in the interim that would more-likely-than-not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount. the 2018, 2017 and 2016 annual tests and any interim tests did not result in the recognition of any goodwill impairment.
in general, dominion energy estimates the fair value of its reporting units by using a combination of discounted cash flows and other valuation techniques that use multiples of earnings for peer group companies and analyses of recent business combinations involving peer group companies. fair value estimates are dependent on subjective factors such as dominion energy’s estimate of future cash flows, the selection of appropriate discount and growth rates, and the selection of peer group companies and recent transactions. these underlying assumptions and estimates are made as of a point in time; subsequent modifications, partic-
ularly changes in discount rates or growth rates inherent in dominion energy’s estimates of future cash flows, could result in a future impairment of goodwill. although dominion energy has consistently applied the same methods in developing the assumptions and estimates that underlie the fair value calculations, such as estimates of future cash flows, and based those estimates on relevant information available at the time, such cash flow estimates are highly uncertain by nature and may vary significantly from actual results. if the estimates of future cash flows used in the most recent tests had been 10% lower, the resulting fair values would have still been greater than the carrying values of each of those reporting units tested, indicating that no impairment was present.
see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
use of estimates in long-lived asset and equity method investment impairment testing impairment testing for an individual or group of long-lived assets, including intangible assets with definite lives, and equity method investments is required when circumstances indicate those assets may be impaired. when a long-lived asset’s carrying amount exceeds the undiscounted estimated future cash flows associated with the asset, the asset is considered impaired to the extent that the asset’s fair value is less than its carrying amount. when an equity method investment’s carrying amount exceeds its fair value, and the decline in value is deemed to be other-than-temporary, an impairment is recognized to the extent that the fair value is less than its carrying amount. performing an impairment test on long-lived assets and equity method investments involves judgment in areas such as identifying if circumstances indicate an impairment may exist, identifying and grouping affected assets in the case of long-lived assets, and developing the undiscounted and discounted estimated future cash flows (used to estimate fair value in the absence of a market-based value) associated with the asset, including probability weighting such cash flows to reflect expectations about possible variations in their amounts or timing, expectations about the operations of the long-lived assets and equity method investments and the selection of an appropriate discount rate. when determining whether a long-lived asset or asset group has been impaired, management groups assets at the lowest level that has identifiable cash flows. although cash flow estimates are based on relevant information available at the time the estimates are made, estimates of future cash flows are, by nature, highly uncertain and may vary significantly from actual results. for example, estimates of future cash flows would contemplate factors which may change over time, such as the expected use of the asset or underlying assets of equity method investees, including future production and sales levels, expected fluctuations of prices of commodities sold and consumed and expected proceeds from dispositions. see notes 6 and 9 to the consolidated financial statements for a discussion of impairments related to certain long-lived assets and equity method investments.
as discussed in future issues and other matters, delays in obtaining permits necessary for construction and construction delays due to judicial actions have impacted the estimated cost and schedule for the atlantic coast pipeline project. as a result, dominion energy evaluated the carrying amount of its equity
method investment in atlantic coast pipeline for an other-than-temporary impairment and determined that it was not impaired. any significant changes affecting the discounted cash flow estimates associated with the atlantic coast pipeline project, such as future unfavorable judicial actions resulting in further construction and in-service delays along with an increase in construction costs, could result in an impairment charge.
employee benefit plans dominion energy sponsors noncontributory defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans for eligible active employees, retirees and qualifying dependents. the projected costs of providing benefits under these plans are dependent, in part, on historical information such as employee demographics, the level of contributions made to the plans and earnings on plan assets. assumptions about the future, including the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, discount rates applied to benefit obligations, mortality rates and the anticipated rate of increase in healthcare costs and participant compensation, also have a significant impact on employee benefit costs. the impact of changes in these factors, as well as differences between dominion energy’s assumptions and actual experience, is generally recognized in the consolidated statements of income over the remaining average service period of plan participants, rather than immediately.
the expected long-term rates of return on plan assets, discount rates, healthcare cost trend rates and mortality rates are critical assumptions. dominion energy determines the expected long-term rates of return on plan assets for pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans by using a combination of:
•   expected future risk premiums, asset classes’ volatilities and correlations;
•   forward-looking return expectations derived from the yield on long-term bonds and the expected long-term returns of major capital market assumptions; and
•   investment allocation of plan assets. the strategic target asset allocation for dominion energy’s pension funds is 28% u.s. equity, 18% non-u.s. equity, 35% fixed income, 3%
real estate and 16% other alternative investments, such as private equity investments.
strategic investment policies are established for dominion energy’s prefunded benefit plans based upon periodic asset/liability studies. factors considered in setting the investment policy include those mentioned above such as employee demographics, liability growth rates, future discount rates, the funded status of the plans and the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. deviations from the plans’ strategic allocation are a function of dominion energy’s assessments regarding short-term risk and reward opportunities in the capital markets and/or short-term market movements which result in the plans’ actual asset allocations varying from the strategic target asset allocations. through periodic rebalancing, actual allocations are brought back in line with the targets. future asset/liability studies will focus on strategies to further reduce pension and other postretirement plan risk, while still achieving attractive levels of returns.
dominion energy develops non-investment related assumptions, which are then compared to the forecasts of an independent investment advisor to ensure reasonableness. an internal committee selects the final assumptions. dominion energy calculated its pension cost using an expected long-term rate of return on plan assets assumption of 8.75% for 2018, 2017 and 2016. for 2019, the expected long-term rate of return for pension cost assumption is 8.65% for dominion energy’s plans held as of december 31, 2018. dominion energy calculated its other postretirement benefit cost using an expected long-term rate of return on plan assets assumption of 8.50% for 2018, 2017 and 2016. for 2019, the expected long-term rate of return for other postretirement benefit cost assumption is 8.50%. the rate used in calculating other postretirement benefit cost is lower than the rate used in calculating pension cost because of differences in the relative amounts of various types of investments held as plan assets.
dominion energy determines discount rates from analyses of aa/aa rated bonds with cash flows matching the expected payments to be made under its plans. the discount rates used to calculate pension cost and other postretirement benefit cost ranged from 3.80% to 3.81% for pension plans and 3.76% for other postretirement benefit plans in 2018, ranged from 3.31% to 4.50% for pension plans and 3.92% to 4.47% for other postretirement benefit plans in 2017 and ranged from 2.87% to 4.99% for pension plans and 3.56% to 4.94% for other postretirement benefit plans in 2016. dominion energy selected a discount rate ranging from 4.42% to 4.43% for pension plans and 4.37% to 4.38% for other postretirement benefit plans for determining its december 31, 2018 projected benefit obligations.
dominion energy establishes the healthcare cost trend rate assumption based on analyses of various factors including the specific provisions of its medical plans, actual cost trends experienced and projected, and demographics of plan participants. dominion energy’s healthcare cost trend rate assumption as of december 31, 2018 was 6.50% and is expected to gradually decrease to 5.00% by 2025 and continue at that rate for years thereafter.
mortality rates are developed from actual and projected plan experience for postretirement benefit plans. dominion energy’s actuary conducts an experience study periodically as part of the process to select its best estimate of mortality. dominion energy considers both standard mortality tables and improvement factors as well as the plans’ actual experience when selecting a best estimate. during 2016, dominion energy conducted a new experience study as scheduled and, as a result, updated its mortality assumptions.
the following table illustrates the effect on cost of changing the critical actuarial assumptions previously discussed for dominion energy’s plans held as of december 31, 2018, while holding all other assumptions constant:
increase in net periodic cost change in                      pension                     other actuarial assumption           benefits                    postretirement benefits
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, continued in addition to the effects on cost, at december 31, 2018, a 0.25% decrease in the discount rate would increase dominion energy’s projected pension benefit obligation by $294 million and its accumulated postretirement benefit obligation by $37 million, while a 1.00% increase in the healthcare cost trend rate would increase its accumulated postretirement benefit obligation by $130 million.
see note 21 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on dominion energy’s employee benefit plans.
net income attributable to dominion energy decreased 18%, primarily due to the absence of benefits in 2017 resulting from the remeasurement of deferred income taxes to the new corporate income tax rate, an impairment charge on certain gathering and processing assets, a charge associated with virginia legislation enacted in march 2018, decreased net investment earnings on nuclear decommissioning trust funds, lower renewable energy investment tax credits and a charge for disallowance of ferc-regulated plant. these decreases were partially offset by gains on the sales of certain merchant generation facilities and equity method investments, the commencement of commercial operations of the liquefaction project and the absence of charges associated with equity method investments in wind-powered generation facilities.
net income attributable to dominion energy increased 41%, primarily due to benefits resulting from the remeasurement of deferred income taxes to the new corporate income tax rate, the dominion energy questar combination and an absence of charges related to future ash pond and landfill closures. these increases were partially offset by lower renewable energy investment tax credits and charges associated with equity method investments in wind-powered generation facilities.
purchased electric capacity                                    122               116                     6               (93   )                99
•   a $500 million increase due to commencement of commercial operations of the liquefaction project, including terminalling services provided to the export customers ($508 million) and regulated gas transportation contracts to serve the export customers ($58 million), partially offset by credits associated with the start-up phase of the liquefaction project ($66 million);
•   an increase in sales to electric utility retail customers from an increase in heating degree days during the heating season of 2018 ($71 million) and an increase in cooling degree days during the cooling season of 2018
•   a $130 million increase due to favorable pricing at merchant generation facilities;
•   a $46 million increase in sales to electric utility retail customers due to customer growth.
•   a $215 million charge associated with virginia legislation enacted in march 2018 that requires one-time rate credits of certain amounts to utility customers;
•   a $94 million increase in net electric capacity expense related to the annual pjm capacity performance market effective june 2017 ($112 million) and the annual pjm capacity perform-
ance market effective june 2018 ($39 million), partially offset by a benefit related to non-utility generators ($57 million);
•   an $89 million decrease in rate adjustment clauses associated with electric utility operations, which includes the impacts of the 2017 tax reform act; and
•   a $102 million increase in storm damage and service restoration costs in the regulated electric service territory;
•   an $81 million increase due to a charge associated primarily with future ash pond and landfill closure costs in connection with the enactment of virginia legislation in april 2018;
•   a $47 million increase in operating expenses from the commercial operations of the liquefaction project and costs associated with regulated gas transportation contracts to serve the export customers; and
•   a $38 million increase in salaries, wages and benefits, partially offset by
•   a $74 million decrease from a reduction in planned outage days at certain merchant and utility generation facilities.
depreciation, depletion and amortization increased 5%, primarily due to an increase from various growth projects being placed into service ($187 million), including the liquefaction project ($81 million), partially offset by revised depreciation rates for regulated nuclear plants to comply with the virginia commission requirements ($61 million).
impairment of assets and related charges increased $388 million, primarily due to a $219 million impairment charge on certain gathering and processing assets, a $135 million charge for disallowance of ferc-regulated plant and a $37 million write-off associated with the eastern market access project.
other income increased $663 million, primarily reflecting a gain on the sale of dominion energy’s 50% limited partnership interest in blue racer ($546 million), the absence of charges associated with equity method investments in wind-powered generation facilities ($158 million), a gain on the sale of dominion energy’s 25% limited partnership interest in catalyst old river hydroelectric limited partnership ($87 million) and a decrease in the non-service components of pension and other postretirement employee benefit credits capitalized to property, plant and equipment in 2018 ($45 million), partially offset by a decrease in net investment earnings on nuclear decommissioning trust funds ($209 million).
interest and related charges increased 24%, primarily due to the absence of capitalization of interest expense associated with the liquefaction project upon completion of construction ($111
million), higher long-term debt interest expense resulting from net debt issuances in 2018 and 2017 ($92 million) and charges associated with the early redemption of certain debt securities ($69 million).
income tax expense increased $610 million, primarily due to the absence of benefits resulting from the remeasurement of deferred income taxes to the new corporate income tax rate ($851 million) and lower renewable energy investment tax credits ($138 million), partially offset by the reduced corporate income tax rate ($414 million).
•   a $97 million electric capacity benefit related to non-utility generators ($133 million) and a benefit due to the annual pjm capacity performance market effective june 2016
($123 million), partially offset by the annual pjm capacity performance market effective june 2017 ($159 million);
•   an $86 million increase due to additional generation output from merchant solar generating projects;
•   a $71 million increase in sales to electric utility retail customers due to the effect of changes in customer usage and other factors, including $25 million related to customer growth;
•   a $46 million increase from rate adjustment clauses associated with electric utility operations; and
•   a $114 million decrease due to unfavorable pricing at merchant generation facilities; and
•   a decrease in sales to electric utility retail customers from a decrease in cooling degree days during the cooling season of 2017 ($53 million) and a reduction in heating degree days during the heating season of 2017
•   a $197 million absence of charges related to future ash pond and landfill closure costs at certain utility generation facilities;
•   a $115 million decrease in certain electric transmission-related expenditures. these expenses are primarily recovered through state and ferc rates and do not impact net income;
•   the absence of organizational design initiative costs ($64 million); and
•   a $46 million decrease in storm damage and service restoration costs associated with electric utility operations, partially offset by
•   a $92 million increase in salaries, wages and benefits;
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, continued
gains on sales of assets increased $107 million, primarily due to the sale of certain assets associated with nonregulated retail energy marketing operations.
other income decreased 17%, primarily due to charges associated with equity method investments in wind-powered generation facilities ($158 million), partially offset by an increase in earnings, excluding charges, from equity method investments ($29 million) an increase in afudc associated with rate-regulated projects ($23 million) and an increase in the non-service cost components of pension and other postretirement employee benefit credits ($14 million).
income tax expense decreased $685 million, primarily due to benefits resulting from the remeasurement of deferred income taxes to the new corporate income tax rate ($851 million), partially offset by lower renewable energy investment tax credits ($133 million).
•   charges incurred for refunds to sce&amp;g electric customers and transaction and transition costs related to the scana combination;
•   the absence of earnings from, and gains on, the sales of certain merchant generation facilities and equity method investments;
•   a charge associated with the early retirement of the existing automated meter reading infrastructure;
•   the absence of charges associated with the impairment of certain gathering and processing assets and disallowance of ferc-regulated plant;
•   the absence of charges associated with virginia legislation enacted in march 2018;
•   construction and operation of growth projects in electric utility operations.
segment results of operations segment results include the impact of intersegment revenues and expenses, which may result in intersegment profit or loss. presented below is a summary of contributions by dominion energy’s operating segments to net income attributable to dominion energy:
electricity delivered (million mwh)                           87.8             5   %             83.4             —   %             83.7
rate adjustment clause equity return          26                      0.04
ferc transmission equity return               14                      0.02
electricity supplied (million mwh):
utility                                                  88.0             4   %             85.0            (3   )%             87.9
degree days (electric utility service area):
electric capacity                               (66   )                  (0.10   )
renewable energy investment tax credit         (138   )                  (0.21   )
electric capacity                        58                         0.09
renewable energy investment tax credit           (133   )                   (0.21   )
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, continued
(1)   represents the portion of earnings attributable to dominion energy midstream’s public unitholders.
specific items attributable to operating segments                     $ (88   )           $ 861           $(180        )
specific items attributable to corporate and other segment             (116   )            (151   )              (44   )
total specific items                                                   (204   )             710                 (224   )
total specific items corporate and other includes specific items attributable to dominion energy’s primary operating segments that are not included in profit measures evaluated by executive management in assessing the segments’ performance or in allocating resources. see note 25 to the consolidated financial statements for discussion of these items in more detail. corporate and other also includes specific items attributable to the corporate and other segment. in 2018, this primarily included $51 million of after-tax charges associated with the early redemption of certain debt securities and $31 million of after-tax transaction and transition costs associated with the dominion energy questar combination and scana combination. in 2017, this primarily included $124 million of tax benefits resulting from the remeasurement of deferred income taxes to the new corporate income tax rate. in 2016, this primarily included $53 million of after-tax transaction and transition costs associated with the dominion energy questar combination.
net income decreased 17%, primarily due to a charge associated with virginia legislation enacted in march 2018, an increase in storm damage and service restoration costs, a charge associated primarily with future ash pond and landfill closure costs in connection with the enactment of virginia legislation in april 2018 and an increase in net electric capacity expense, partially offset by an increase in heating and cooling degree days in the service territory.
net income increased 26%, primarily due to the absence of charges related to future ash pond and landfill closure costs, a benefit from the remeasurement of deferred income taxes to the new corporate income tax rate and an electric capacity benefit.
purchased electric capacity                                    122           116                     6             (93   )                99
•   a $215 million charge associated with virginia legislation enacted in march 2018 that requires one-time rate credits of certain amounts to utility customers;
•   a $94 million increase in net electric capacity expense related to the annual pjm capacity performance market effective june
2017 ($112 million) and the annual pjm capacity performance market effective june 2018 ($39 million), partially offset by a benefit related to non-utility generators ($57 million); and
•   an $81 million increase due to a charge associated primarily with future ash pond and landfill closure costs in connection with the enactment of virginia legislation in april 2018; partially offset by
•   a $19 million decrease from a reduction in planned outage days at certain generation facilities.
depreciation and amortization was substantially consistent as a decrease due to revised depreciation rates for regulated nuclear plants to comply with the virginia commission requirements ($61 million) was substantially offset by various growth projects being placed into service ($56 million).
other income decreased 71%, primarily related to lower realized gains (including investment income) on nuclear decommissioning trust funds ($23 million), the electric transmission tower rental portfolio, including the absence of the assignment of such amounts to vertical bridge towers ii, llc ($18 million) and the absence of interest income associated with the settlement of state income tax refund claims ($11 million), partially offset by the absence of a charge associated with a customer settlement ($16 million).
income tax expense decreased 61%, primarily due to lower pre-tax income ($256 million), the reduced corporate income tax rate ($235 million) and higher renewable energy investment tax credits ($35 million), partially offset by the absence of benefits resulting from the remeasurement of deferred income taxes to the new corporate income tax rate ($93 million).
•   a $97 million electric capacity benefit related to non-utility generators ($133 million) and a benefit due to the annual pjm capacity performance market effective june 2016
($123 million), partially offset by the annual pjm capacity performance market effective june 2017 ($159 million);
•   a $197 million decrease due to the absence of charges related to future ash pond and landfill closure costs at certain utility generation facilities;
•   a $115 million decrease in certain electric transmission-related expenditures. these expenses are primarily recovered through state and ferc rates and do not impact net income;
•   the absence of organizational design initiative costs ($32 million); partially offset by
•   a $37 million increase in salaries, wages and benefits and general administrative expenses.
•   an $11 million increase in interest income associated with the settlement of state income tax refund claims;
•   an $8 million increase in afudc associated with rate-regulated projects; partially offset by
•   a $16 million charge associated with a customer settlement.
income tax expense increased 6% primarily due to higher pretax income ($139 million), partially offset by benefits resulting from the remeasurement of deferred income taxes to the new corporate income tax rate ($93 million).
net income decreased 51%, primarily due to an impairment charge on certain gathering and processing assets, a charge for disallowance of ferc-regulated plant and the absence of benefits from the 2017 tax reform act partially offset by regulated natural gas transmission activities from growth projects placed into service and an increase in gains from agreements to convey shale development rights underneath several natural gas storage fields.
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, continued
net income increased 57%, primarily due to a benefit from the remeasurement of deferred income taxes to the new corporate income tax rate and gas transportation and storage activities from growth projects placed into service.
earnings from equity method investee                    24                 3                    21                 —                    21
•   a $7 million increase in salaries, wages and benefits.
impairment of assets and related charges increased $330 million, primarily due to an impairment charge on certain gathering and processing assets ($219 million) and a charge for disallowance of ferc-regulated plant ($127 million) partially offset by the absence of a charge to write-off the balance of a regulatory asset no longer considered probable of recovery ($15 million).
earnings from equity method investee increased 14%, primarily due to higher earnings from unsubscribed capacity as a result of an increase in heating degree days at iroquois.
other income increased 28%, primarily due to a decrease in the non-service components of pension and other postretirement employee benefit credits capitalized to property, plant and equipment in 2018 ($24 million) partially offset by afudc on rate-regulated projects ($5 million).
income tax expense increased 69%, primarily due to the absence of benefits resulting from the remeasurement of deferred income taxes to the new corporate income tax rate ($197 million) and the absence of a settlement with state tax authorities ($5 million), partially offset by the reduced corporate income tax rate ($67 million) and lower pre-tax income ($98 million).
•   a $16 million increase in rate recovery for low income assistance programs associated with regulated natural gas distribution operations.
•   a $13 million increase in salaries, wages and benefits and general administrative expenses.
impairment of assets and related charges increased $16 million, primarily due to a charge to write-off the balance of a regulatory asset no longer considered probable of recovery.
other income increased 20%, primarily due to a $12 million increase in afudc associated with rate-regulated projects and an $8 million increase in the non-service cost components of pension and other postretirement employee benefit credits, partially offset by the absence of the 2016 sale of a portion of dominion energy gas’ interest in iroquois ($5 million).
income tax expense decreased 76%, primarily due to benefits resulting from the remeasurement of deferred income taxes to the new corporate income tax rate ($197 million), partially offset by higher pre-tax income ($22 million).
liquidity and capital resources dominion energy depends on both internal and external sources of liquidity to provide working capital and as a bridge to long-term debt financings. short-term cash requirements not met by cash provided by operations are generally satisfied with proceeds from short-term borrowings. long-term cash needs are met through issuances of debt and/or equity securities.
at december 31, 2018, dominion energy had $5.6 billion of unused capacity under its credit facility. see additional discussion below under credit facilities and short-term debt.
operating activities                                                   4,773                 4,502                  4,151
investing activities                                                  (2,358   )            (5,942   )            (10,691   )
financing activities                                                  (2,209   )             1,303                  6,230
operating cash flows net cash provided by dominion energy’s operating activities increased $271 million, primarily due to the commencement of commercial operations of the liquefaction project, higher merchant generation margin, derivative activities and the favorable impact of weather, partially offset by lower deferred fuel cost recoveries in the virginia jurisdiction, increased interest expense and one-time rate credits to electric utility customers.
dominion energy believes that its operations provide a stable source of cash flow to contribute to planned levels of capital expenditures and maintain or grow the dividend on common shares. in december 2018, dominion energy’s board of directors established an annual dividend rate for 2019 of $3.67 per share of common stock, a 10.0% increase over the 2018 rate. dividends are subject to declaration by the board of directors. in january 2019, dominion energy’s board of directors declared dividends payable in march 2019 of 91.75 cents per share of common stock.
dominion energy’s operations are subject to risks and uncertainties that may negatively impact the timing or amounts of operating cash flows, and which are discussed in item 1a. risk factors.
credit risk dominion energy’s exposure to potential concentrations of credit risk results primarily from its energy marketing and price risk management activities. presented below is a summary of dominion energy’s credit exposure as of december 31, 2018 for these activities. gross credit exposure for each counterparty is calculated as outstanding receivables plus any unrealized on- or off-balance sheet exposure, taking into account contractual netting rights.
gross   credit                  net credit   collateral           credit exposure                      exposure
(1)                                  designations as investment grade are based upon minimum credit ratings assigned by moody’s and standard &amp; poor’s. the five largest counterparty exposures, combined, for this category represented approximately 60% of the total net credit exposure.
(2)   the five largest counterparty exposures, combined, for this category represented less than 1% of the total net credit exposure.
(3)   the five largest counterparty exposures, combined, for this category represented approximately 2% of the total net credit exposure.
(4)   the five largest counterparty exposures, combined, for this category represented approximately 26% of the total net credit exposure.
investing cash flows net cash used in dominion energy’s investing activities decreased $3.6 billion, primarily due to proceeds from the sale of certain merchant generation facilities and equity method investments and decreases in plant construction due to the commencement of commercial operations of the liquefaction project and greensville county.
financing cash flows and liquidity dominion energy relies on capital markets as significant sources of funding for capital requirements not satisfied by cash provided by its operations. as discussed in credit ratings, dominion energy’s ability to borrow funds or issue securities and the return demanded by investors are affected by credit ratings. in addition, the raising of external capital is subject to certain regulatory requirements, including registration with the sec for certain issuances.
dominion energy currently meets the definition of a well-known seasoned issuer under sec rules governing the registration, communications and offering processes under the securities act of 1933. the rules provide for a streamlined shelf registration process to provide registrants with timely access to capital. this allows dominion energy to use automatic shelf registration statements to register any offering of securities, other than those for exchange offers or business combination transactions.
from time to time, dominion energy may reduce its outstanding debt and level of interest expense through redemption of debt securities prior to maturity and repurchases in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions, through tender offers or otherwise.
net cash used by dominion energy’s financing activities in 2018 was $2.2 billion compared to net cash provided by financing activities in 2017 of $1.3 billion, primarily due to net debt repayments in 2018 compared to net debt issuances in 2017, partially offset by the issuance of common stock.
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, continued credit facilities and short-term debt dominion energy uses short-term debt to fund working capital requirements and as a bridge to long-term debt financings. the levels of borrowing may vary significantly during the course of the year, depending upon the timing and amount of cash requirements not satisfied by cash from operations. in addition, dominion energy utilizes cash and letters of credit to fund collateral requirements. collateral requirements are impacted by commodity prices, hedging levels, dominion energy’s credit ratings and the credit quality of its counterparties.
in connection with commodity hedging activities, dominion energy is required to provide collateral to counterparties under some circumstances. under certain collateral arrangements, dominion energy may satisfy these requirements by electing to either deposit cash, post letters of credit or, in some cases, utilize other forms of security. from time to time, dominion energy may vary the form of collateral provided to counterparties after weighing the costs and benefits of various factors associated with the different forms of collateral. these factors include short-term borrowing and short-term investment rates, the spread over these short-term rates at which dominion energy can issue commercial paper, balance sheet impacts, the costs and fees of alternative collateral postings with these and other counterparties and overall liquidity management objectives.
dominion energy’s commercial paper and letters of credit outstanding, as well as capacity available under its credit facility, were as follows:
facility      outstanding     outstanding     facility limit         commercial      letters of      capacity paper(1)        credit          available
joint revolving credit facility(2)   $6,000                $324            $88     $5,588
(1)   the weighted-average interest rate of the outstanding commercial paper supported by dominion energy’s credit facility was 2.93% at december 31, 2018.
(2)   this credit facility matures in march 2023 and can be used to support bank borrowings and the issuance of commercial paper, as well as to support up to a combined $2.0 billion of letters of credit.
in connection with the scana combination, dominion energy intends to terminate scana, sce&g and psnc’s existing credit facilities, which have limits of $400 million, $700 million and $200 million, respectively, and add sce&g as a co-borrower to its $6.0 billion joint revolving credit facility in the first quarter of 2019 once certain regulatory approvals are obtained. in january 2019, virginia power and sce&g, as co-borrowers, filed with the virginia commission and the south carolina commission, respectively, for approval. in february 2019, the virginia commission approved the request. sce&g is required to obtain ferc approval to issue short-term indebtedness, including commercial paper, and to assume liabilities as a guarantor. in february 2019, dominion energy terminated south carolina fuel company, inc.’s existing credit facility of $500 million.
in november 2017, dominion energy filed an sec shelf registration statement for the sale of up to $3.0 billion of variable denomination floating rate demand notes, called dominion energy reliability investmentsm. the registration limits the principal amount that may be outstanding at any one time to $1.0 billion. the notes are offered on a continuous basis and bear interest at a floating rate per annum determined by the dominion energy reliability investment committee, or its designee, on a weekly basis. the notes have no stated maturity date, are non-transferable and may be redeemed in whole or in part by dominion energy or at the investor’s option at any time. the balance as of december 31, 2018 was $10 million. the notes are short-term debt obligations on dominion energy’s consolidated balance sheets. the proceeds will be used for general corporate purposes and to repay debt.
in march 2018, dominion energy midstream entered into a $500 million revolving credit facility. the credit facility was scheduled to mature in march 2021, bore interest at a variable rate, and was used to support bank borrowings and the issuance of commercial paper, as well as to support up to $250 million of letters of credit. at december 31, 2018, dominion energy midstream had $73 million outstanding under this credit facility. in february 2019, dominion energy midstream terminated the facility subsequent to repaying the outstanding balance, plus accrued interest.
in october 2018, dominion energy entered into a credit agreement, which allows dominion energy to issue up to approximately $21 million in letters of credit. at december 31, 2018, approximately $21 million in letters of credit were outstanding under this agreement. the facility terminates in june 2020.
type                 issuer                          principal            rate          maturity
•                   in november 2018, eagle solar issued through private placement $362 million of 4.82% senior secured notes which mature in december 2042. the debt is nonrecourse to dominion energy and is secured by eagle solar’s interest in certain merchant solar facilities. the proceeds were used for the reimbursement of equity amounts previously invested by dominion energy in the acquisition, development or construction of the projects in eagle solar.
•                    in september 2018, cove point closed on an up to $3.0 billion term loan that is secured by dominion energy’s common equity interest in cove point, bears interest at a variable rate and matures in 2021. in accordance with the terms of the term loan, cove point borrowed $2.0 billion and $1.0 billion in september 2018 and december 2018, respectively. under the terms of the term loan, cove point faces certain restrictions on issuing additional debt, divesting the cove point lng facility, paying distributions to dominion energy or taking certain other actions without necessary approvals.
during 2018, in addition to the november 2018 redemption described above, dominion energy redeemed the following long-term debt:
•   in march 2018, virginia power redeemed $100 million of its variable rate tax-exempt financings which would otherwise have matured in 2024, 2026 and 2027.
•   in december 2018, virginia power redeemed its $14 million 5.60% economic development authority of the county of chesterfield solid waste and sewage disposal revenue bonds, series 2007a, due in 2031 at the principal outstanding plus accrued interest.
2024 with an aggregate outstanding principal of $1.7 billion plus accrued interest and the applicable make-whole premium of $34 million. see note 17 to the consolidated financial statements for a description of senior note redemptions.
in february 2019, dominion energy midstream repaid its $300 million variable rate term loan agreement due in december 2019 at the principal outstanding plus accrued interest.
in february 2019, scana launched a tender offer for certain of its medium term notes having an aggregate purchase price of up to $300 million that expires in march 2019. also in february 2019, sce&g launched a tender offer for any and all of certain of its first mortgage bonds pursuant to which it purchased first mortgage bonds having an aggregate purchase price of $1.0 billion.
sce&g simultaneously launched a tender offer that expires in march 2019 for certain other of its first mortgage bonds having an aggregate purchase price equal to $1.2 billion less the aggregate purchase price paid in the any and all tender offer.
noncontrolling interest in dominion energy midstream in may 2018, all of the subordinated units of dominion energy midstream held by dominion energy were converted into common units on a 1:1 ratio following the payment of dominion energy midstream’s distribution for the first quarter of 2018. in june 2018, dominion energy, as general partner, exercised an incentive distribution right reset as defined in dominion energy midstream’s partnership agreement and received 26.7 million common units representing limited partner interests in dominion energy midstream. as a result of the increase in its ownership interest in dominion energy midstream, dominion energy recorded a decrease in noncontrolling interest, and a corresponding increase in shareholders’ equity, of $375 million reflecting the change in the carrying value of the interest in the net assets of dominion energy midstream held by others.
in january 2019, dominion energy and dominion energy midstream closed on an agreement and plan of merger pursuant to which dominion energy acquired each outstanding common unit representing limited partner interests in dominion energy midstream not already owned by dominion energy through the issuance of 22.5 million shares of common stock valued at $1.6 billion. under the terms of the agreement and plan of merger, each publicly held outstanding common unit representing limited partner interests in dominion energy midstream was converted into the right to receive 0.2492 shares of dominion energy common stock. immediately prior to the closing, each series a preferred unit representing limited partner interests in dominion energy midstream was converted into common units representing limited partner interests in dominion energy midstream in accordance with the terms of dominion energy midstream’s partnership agreement.
issuance of common stock and other equity securities dominion energy maintains dominion energy direct® and a number of employee savings plans through which contributions may be invested in dominion energy’s common stock. these shares may either be newly issued or purchased on the open market with proceeds contributed to these plans. currently, dominion energy is issuing new shares of common stock for these direct stock purchase plans.
in 2018, dominion energy issued 9.3 million shares and received cash proceeds of $692 million, net of fees and commissions paid of $7 million through its at-the-market programs. see note 19 for a description of the at-the-market programs.
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, continued dominion energy entered in march 2018, and closed in april 2018, separate forward sale agreements with goldman sachs & co. llc and credit suisse capital llc, as forward purchasers, and an underwriting agreement with credit suisse securities (usa) llc and goldman sachs & co. llc, as representatives of the several underwriters named therein, relating to an aggregate of 20.0 million shares of dominion energy common stock. the underwriting agreement granted the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional three million shares of dominion energy common stock, which the underwriters exercised with respect to approximately 2.1 million shares in april 2018. dominion energy entered into separate forward sale agreements with the forward purchasers with respect to the additional shares. in december 2018, dominion energy received proceeds of $1.4 billion upon the physical settlement of 22.1 million shares. see note 19 to the consolidated financial statements for a description of the forward sale agreements.
in january 2019, in connection with the scana combination, dominion energy issued 95.6 million shares of dominion energy common stock, valued at $6.8 billion, representing 0.6690 of a share of dominion energy common stock for each share of scana common stock outstanding at closing. scana’s outstanding debt totaled $6.9 billion at closing. also in january 2019, dominion energy issued 22.5 million shares of common stock to acquire interests in dominion energy midstream as noted above. in addition, during 2019, dominion energy plans to issue shares for employee savings plans and direct stock purchase and dividend reinvestment plans.
repurchase of common stock dominion energy did not repurchase any shares in 2018 and does not plan to repurchase shares during 2019, except for shares tendered by employees to satisfy tax withholding obligations on vested restricted stock, which does not count against its stock repurchase authorization.
credit ratings credit ratings are intended to provide banks and capital market participants with a framework for comparing the credit quality of securities and are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities. dominion energy believes that its current credit ratings provide sufficient access to the capital markets. however, disruptions in the banking and capital markets not specifically related to dominion energy may affect its ability to access these funding sources or cause an increase in the return required by investors. dominion energy’s credit ratings affect its liquidity, cost of borrowing under credit facilities and collateral posting requirements under commodity contracts, as well as the rates at which it is able to offer its debt securities.
both quantitative (financial strength) and qualitative (business or operating characteristics) factors are considered by the credit rating agencies in establishing an individual company’s credit rating. credit ratings should be evaluated independently and are subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organization. the credit ratings for dominion energy are affected by its financial profile, mix of regulated and nonregulated businesses and respective cash flows, changes in methodologies used by the rating agencies and event risk, if applicable, such as major acquisitions or dispositions.
credit ratings and outlooks as of february 25, 2019 follow:
fitch         moody’s        standard &amp; poor’s dominion energy issuer                                           bbb+           baa2                  bbb+
senior unsecured debt securities                 bbb+           baa2                  bbb junior subordinated notes(1)                     bbb            baa3                  bbb enhanced junior subordinated notes(2)            bbb-           baa3                  bbb-
(1)   securities do not have an interest deferral feature.
(2)   securities have an interest deferral feature.
a downgrade in an individual company’s credit rating does not necessarily restrict its ability to raise short-term and long-term financing as long as its credit rating remains investment grade, but it could result in an increase in the cost of borrowing. dominion energy works closely with fitch, moody’s and standard & poor’s with the objective of achieving its targeted credit ratings. dominion energy may find it necessary to modify its business plan to maintain or achieve appropriate credit ratings and such changes may adversely affect growth and eps.
debt covenants as part of borrowing funds and issuing debt (both short-term and long-term) or preferred securities, dominion energy must enter into enabling agreements. these agreements contain covenants that, in the event of default, could result in the acceleration of principal and interest payments; restrictions on distributions related to capital stock, including dividends, redemptions, repurchases, liquidation payments or guarantee payments; and in some cases, the termination of credit commitments unless a waiver of such requirements is agreed to by the lenders/security holders. these provisions are customary, with each agreement specifying which covenants apply. these provisions are not necessarily unique to dominion energy.
•   information requirements, including submitting financial reports and information about changes in dominion energy’s credit ratings to lenders;
•   performance obligations, audits/inspections, continuation of the basic nature of business, restrictions on certain matters related to merger or consolidation and restrictions on disposition of all or substantially all assets;
•   compliance with collateral minimums or requirements related to mortgage bonds; and
•   limitations on liens.
dominion energy is required to pay annual commitment fees to maintain its credit facility. in addition, dominion energy’s credit agreement contains various terms and conditions that could affect its ability to borrow under the facility. they include a maximum debt to total capital ratio and cross-default provisions.
as of december 31, 2018, the calculated total debt to total capital ratio, pursuant to the terms of the agreement, was as follows:
(1)            indebtedness as defined by the bank agreements excludes certain junior subordinated and remarketable subordinated notes reflected as long-term debt as well as aoci reflected as equity in the consolidated balance sheets.
(2)   at january 1, 2019, the calculated total debt to total capital ratio, as adjusted for the scana combination was 52.8%.
if dominion energy or any of its material subsidiaries fails to make payment on various debt obligations in excess of $100 million, the lenders could require the defaulting company, if it is a borrower under dominion energy’s credit facility, to accelerate its repayment of any outstanding borrowings and the lenders could terminate their commitments, if any, to lend funds to that company under the credit facility. in addition, if the defaulting company is virginia power, dominion energy’s obligations to repay any outstanding borrowing under the credit facility could also be accelerated and the lenders’ commitments to dominion energy could terminate.
dominion energy executed rccs in connection with its issuance of the june 2006 hybrids and september 2006 hybrids. see note 17 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information, including terms of the rccs.
at december 31, 2018, the termination dates and covered debt under the rccs associated with dominion energy’s hybrids were as follows:
hybrid                   rcc                 designated covered debt termination         under rcc date june 2006 hybrids                6/30/2036                 september 2006 hybrids september 2006 hybrids           9/30/2036                 june 2006 hybrids dominion energy monitors these debt covenants on a regular basis in order to ensure that events of default will not occur. as of december 31, 2018, there have been no events of default under dominion energy’s debt covenants.
dividend restrictions certain agreements associated with dominion energy’s credit facility contain restrictions on the ratio of debt to total capitalization. these limitations did not restrict dominion energy’s ability to pay dividends or receive dividends from its subsidiaries at december 31, 2018.
see note 17 to the consolidated financial statements for a description of potential restrictions on dividend payments by dominion energy, including in connection with the deferral of interest payments and contract adjustment payments on certain junior subordinated notes and equity units, initially in the form of corporate units, which information is incorporated herein by reference.
future cash payments for contractual obligations and planned capital expenditures contractual obligations dominion energy is party to numerous contracts and arrangements obligating it to make cash payments in future years. these contracts include financing arrangements such as debt agreements and leases, as well as contracts for the purchase of goods and services and financial derivatives. presented below is a table summarizing cash payments that may result from contracts to which dominion energy is a party as of december 31, 2018. in addition, see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for a description of significant contractual obligations acquired in the scana combination. for purchase obligations and other liabilities, amounts are based upon contract terms, including fixed and minimum quantities to be purchased at fixed or market-based prices. actual cash payments will be based upon actual quantities purchased and prices paid and will likely differ from amounts presented below. the table excludes all amounts classified as current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets, other than current maturities of long-term debt, interest payable and certain derivative instruments. the majority of dominion energy’s current liabilities will be paid in cash in 2019.
purchased electric capacity for utility operations                60            98             —                —            158
fuel commitments for utility operations                        1,060           644           363            1,057          3,124
fuel commitments for nonregulated operations                      35           169            84              113            401
other long-term liabilities(6):
(1)   based on stated maturity dates rather than the earlier redemption dates that could be elected by instrument holders.
(2)   includes capital leases. see note 17 to the consolidated financial statements for more information.
interest is calculated using the applicable interest rate or forward interest rate curve at december 31, 2018 and outstanding principal for each instrument with the terms ending at each instrument’s stated maturity. see note 17 to the consolidated financial statements. does not reflect dominion energy’s ability to defer interest and stock purchase contract payments on certain junior subordinated notes or rsns and equity units, initially in the form of corporate units.
(5)   includes capital, operations, and maintenance commitments.
(6)                                                                         excludes regulatory liabilities, aros and employee benefit plan obligations, which are not contractually fixed as to timing and amount. see notes 12, 14 and 21 to the consolidated financial statements. due to uncertainty about the timing and amounts that will ultimately be paid, $29 million of income taxes payable associated with unrecognized tax
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, continued benefits are excluded. deferred income taxes are also excluded since cash payments are based primarily on taxable income for each discrete fiscal year. see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements.
planned capital expenditures dominion energy’s planned capital expenditures are expected to total approximately $6.3 billion, $7.3 billion and $6.9 billion in 2019, 2020 and 2021, respectively. dominion energy’s planned expenditures are expected to include construction and expansion of electric generation and natural gas transmission and storage facilities, construction improvements and expansion of electric transmission and distribution assets, purchases of nuclear fuel, maintenance and expected contributions to atlantic coast pipeline.
dominion energy expects to fund its capital expenditures with cash from operations and a combination of securities issuances and short-term borrowings. planned capital expenditures include capital projects that are subject to approval by regulators and the board of directors.
see power delivery, power generation, gas infrastructure and southeast energy-properties in item 1. business for a discussion of dominion energy’s expansion plans.
these estimates are based on a capital expenditures plan reviewed and endorsed by dominion energy’s board of directors in late 2018 and are subject to continuing review and adjustment and actual capital expenditures may vary from these estimates. dominion energy may also choose to postpone or cancel certain planned capital expenditures in order to mitigate the need for future debt financings and equity issuances.
use of off-balance sheet arrangements leasing arrangement in july 2016, dominion energy signed an agreement with a lessor to construct and lease a new corporate office property in richmond, virginia. the lessor is providing equity and has obtained financing commitments from debt investors, totaling $365 million, to fund the estimated project costs. the project is expected to be completed by mid-2019. dominion energy has been appointed to act as the construction agent for the lessor, during which time dominion energy will request cash draws from the lessor and debt investors to fund all project costs, which totaled $281 million as of december 31, 2018. if the project is terminated under certain events of default, dominion energy could be required to pay up to 89.9% of the then funded amount. for specific full recourse events, dominion energy could be required to pay up to 100% of the then funded amount.
the five-year lease term will commence once construction is substantially complete and the facility is able to be occupied. at the end of the initial lease term, dominion energy can (i) extend the term of the lease for an additional five years, subject to the approval of the participants, at current market terms, (ii) purchase the property for an amount equal to the project costs or, (iii) subject to certain terms and conditions, sell the property on behalf of the lessor to a third party using commercially reasonable efforts to obtain the highest cash purchase price for the property. if the project is sold and the proceeds from the sale are insufficient to repay the investors for the project costs, dominion energy may be required to make a payment to the lessor, up to 87% of project costs, for the difference between the project costs and sale proceeds.
the respective transactions have been structured so that dominion energy is not considered the owner during construction for financial accounting purposes and, therefore, will not reflect the construction activity in its consolidated financial statements. in accordance with revised accounting guidance pertaining to the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of leasing arrangements, which is effective in january 2019, dominion energy expects to recognize a right-of-use asset and a corresponding finance lease liability at the commencement of the lease term. dominion energy will be considered the owner of the leased property for tax purposes, and as a result, will be entitled to tax deductions for depreciation and interest expense.
guarantees dominion energy primarily enters into guarantee arrangements on behalf of its consolidated subsidiaries. these arrangements are not subject to the provisions of fasb guidance that dictate a guarantor’s accounting and disclosure requirements for guarantees, including indirect guarantees of indebtedness of others. in addition, dominion energy has provided a guarantee to support a portion of atlantic coast pipeline’s obligation under a $3.4 billion revolving credit facility. see note 22 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information, which information is incorporated herein by reference.
future issues and other matters see item 1. business and notes 13 and 22 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on various environmental, regulatory, legal and other matters that may impact future results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows.
environmental matters dominion energy is subject to costs resulting from a number of federal, state and local laws and regulations designed to protect human health and the environment. these laws and regulations affect future planning and existing operations. they can result in increased capital, operating and other costs as a result of compliance, remediation, containment and monitoring obligations.
environmental protection and monitoring expenditures dominion energy incurred $198 million, $200 million and $394 million of expenses (including accretion and depreciation) during, 2018, 2017 and 2016 respectively, in connection with environmental protection and monitoring activities. dominion energy expects these expenses to be approximately $191 million and $183 million in 2019 and 2020, respectively. in addition, capital expenditures related to environmental controls were $104 million, $201 million, and $191 million for 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. dominion energy expects these expenditures to be approximately $192 million and $203 million for 2019 and 2020, respectively.
future environmental regulations air in august 2018, the epa proposed the affordable clean energy rule as a replacement for the clean power plan. the affordable clean energy rule applies to fossil fuel-fired steam electric generating units greater than or equal to 25 mw, however, it does not apply to combustion turbines or units that burn biomass. the proposed rule includes unit-specific performance standards based on the degree of emission reduction levels achievable from unit efficiency improvements to be determined by the permitting agency. the affordable clean energy rule would require states to develop plans within three years of the final rule to implement these performance standards. these state plans must be approved by the epa. given these developments and the associated federal and state regulatory and legal uncertainties, dominion energy cannot predict the potential financial statement impacts but believes the potential expenditures to comply could be material.
climate change in december 2015, the paris agreement was formally adopted under the united nations framework convention on climate change. a key element of the initial u.s. commitment to the agreement was the implementation of the clean power plan, which the epa has proposed to repeal. in june 2017, the administration announced that the u.s. intends to file to withdraw from the paris agreement in 2019. several states, including virginia, subsequently announced a commitment to achieving the carbon reduction goals of the paris agreement. it is not possible at this time to predict the timing and impact of this withdrawal, or how any legal requirements in the u.s. at the federal, state or local levels pursuant to the paris agreement could impact the companies’ customers or the business.
state actions related to air and ghg emissions in august 2017, the ozone transport commission released a draft model rule for control of nox emissions from natural gas pipeline compressor fuel-fire prime movers. states within the ozone transport region, including states in which dominion energy has natural gas operations, are expected to develop reasonably achievable control technology rules for existing sources based on the ozone transport commission model rule. states outside of the ozone transport commission may also consider the model rules in setting new reasonably achievable control technology standards.
in january 2018, the vdeq published for comment a proposed state carbon regulation program linked to rggi. in february 2019, the vdeq proposed a revised rule with a 28 million ton initial carbon cap, which is 15% lower than the original proposal, based on revised modeling that uses projections of lower natural gas prices and additional solar capacity. a final rule is expected in mid-2019. several other states in which dominion energy operates, including pennsylvania, new york, maryland and ohio are developing or have announced plans to develop state-specific regulations to control ghg emissions, including methane. dominion energy cannot currently estimate the potential financial statement impacts related to these matters, but there could be a material impact to its financial condition and/or cash flows.
phmsa regulation the most recent reauthorization of phmsa included new provisions on historical records research, maximum-allowed operating pressure validation, use of automated or remote-controlled valves on new or replaced lines, increased civil penalties and evaluation of expanding integrity management beyond high-consequence areas. phmsa has not yet issued new rulemaking on most of these items.
dodd-frank act the dodd-frank act was enacted into law in july 2010 in an effort to improve regulation of financial markets. the cea, as amended by title vii of the dodd-frank act, requires certain over-the counter derivatives, or swaps, to be cleared through a derivatives clearing organization and, if the swap is subject to a clearing requirement, to be executed on a designated contract market or swap execution facility. non-financial entities that use swaps to hedge or mitigate commercial risk, often referred to as end users, may elect the end-user exception to the cea’s clearing requirements. dominion energy has elected to exempt its swaps from the cea’s clearing requirements. if, as a result of changes to the rulemaking process, dominion energy’s derivative activities are not exempted from clearing, exchange trading or margin requirements, it could be subject to higher costs due to decreased market liquidity or increased margin payments. in addition, dominion energy’s swap dealer counterparties may attempt to pass-through additional trading costs in connection with changes to or the elimination of rulemaking that implements title vii of the dodd-frank act. due to the evolving rulemaking process, dominion energy is currently unable to assess the potential impact of the dodd-frank act’s derivative-related provisions on its financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
virginia legislation in february 2019, legislation was passed by the virginia general assembly, and is awaiting signature by the governor of virginia, which would require any ccr unit located at virginia power’s bremo, chesapeake, chesterfield or possum point power stations that stop accepting ccr prior to july 2019 be closed by removing the ccr to an approved landfill or through recycling for beneficial reuse. the legislation further would require that at least 6.8 million cubic yards of ccr be beneficially reused and that costs associated with the closure of these ccr units be recoverable through a rate adjustment clause approved by the virginia commission with a revenue requirement that cannot exceed $225 million in any 12-month period. while the impacts of this rule could be material to dominion energy and virginia power’s financial condition and/or cash flows, such rate adjustment clause would substantially mitigate any impact to dominion energy and virginia power’s results of operations.
atlantic coast pipeline in september 2014, dominion energy, along with duke and southern company gas, announced the formation of atlantic coast pipeline. atlantic coast pipeline is focused on constructing an approximately 600-mile natural gas pipeline running from west virginia through virginia to north carolina. during the third and fourth quarters of 2018, a ferc stop work order together with delays in obtaining permits necessary for construction and delays in construction due to judicial actions impacted the cost and schedule for the project. as a result project
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, continued cost estimates have increased from between $6.0 billion to $6.5 billion to between $7.0 billion to $7.5 billion, excluding financing costs. atlantic coast pipeline expects to achieve a late 2020 in-service date for at least key segments of the project, while the remainder may extend into early 2021. alternatively, if it takes longer to resolve the judicial issues, such as through appeal to the supreme court of the u.s., full in-service could extend to the end of 2021 with total project cost estimated to increase an additional $250 million, resulting in total project cost estimates of $7.25 billion to $7.75 billion excluding financing costs. abnormal weather, work delays (including due to judicial or regulatory action) and other conditions may result in further cost or schedule modifications in the future, which could result in a material impact to dominion energy’s cash flows, financial position and/or results of operations.
north anna virginia power is considering the construction of a third nuclear unit at a site located at north anna. if virginia power decides to build a new unit, it would require a combined construction permit and operating license from the nrc, approval of the virginia commission and certain environmental permits and other approvals. in june 2017, the nrc issued the combined construction permit and operating license. virginia power has not yet committed to building a new nuclear unit at north anna.
other matters while management currently has no plans which may affect the carrying value of millstone, based on potential future economic and other factors, including, but not limited to, market power prices, results of capacity auctions, legislative and regulatory solutions to ensure nuclear plants are fairly compensated for their carbon-free generation, and the impact of potential epa carbon rules; there is risk that millstone may be evaluated for an early retirement date. should management make any decision on a potential early retirement date, the precise date and the resulting financial statement impacts, which could be material to dominion energy, may be affected by a number of factors, including any potential regulatory or legislative solutions, results of any transmission system reliability study assessments and decommissioning requirements, among other factors.