item 1a. risk factors for an enterprise as large and complex as the company, a wide range of factors could materially affect future developments and performance. in addition to the factors affecting specific business operations identified in connection with the description of these operations and the financial results of these operations elsewhere in this report, the most significant factors affecting our operations include the following:
table of contents changes in u.s., global, or regional economic conditions could have an adverse effect on the profitability of some or all of our businesses.
a decline in economic activity in the u.s. and other regions of the world in which we do business can adversely affect demand for any of our businesses, thus reducing our revenue and earnings. past declines in economic conditions reduced spending at our parks and resorts, purchase of and prices for advertising on our broadcast and cable networks and owned stations, performance of our home entertainment releases, and purchases of company-branded consumer products, and similar impacts can be expected should such conditions recur. a decline in economic conditions could also reduce attendance at our parks and resorts, prices that mvpds pay for our cable programming or subscription levels for our cable programming. economic conditions can also impair the ability of those with whom we do business to satisfy their obligations to us. in addition, an increase in price levels generally, or in price levels in a particular sector such as the energy sector, could result in a shift in consumer demand away from the entertainment and consumer products we offer, which could also adversely affect our revenues and, at the same time, increase our costs. changes in exchange rates for foreign currencies may reduce international demand for our products or increase our labor or supply costs in non-u.s. markets, and recent changes have reduced the u.s. dollar value of revenue we receive and expect to receive from other markets. economic or political conditions in a country could also reduce our ability to hedge exposure to currency fluctuations in the country or our ability to repatriate revenue from the country.
changes in public and consumer tastes and preferences for entertainment and consumer products could reduce demand for our entertainment offerings and products and adversely affect the profitability of any of our businesses.
our businesses create entertainment, travel and consumer products whose success depends substantially on consumer tastes and preferences that change in often unpredictable ways. the success of our businesses depends on our ability to consistently create filmed entertainment and television programming, which may be distributed among other ways through broadcast, cable, internet or cellular technology, theme park attractions, hotels and other resort facilities and travel experiences and consumer products that meet the changing preferences of the broad consumer market and respond to competition from an expanding array of choices facilitated by technological developments in the delivery of content. many of our businesses increasingly depend on acceptance of our offerings and products by consumers outside the u.s., and their success therefore depends on our ability to successfully predict and adapt to changing consumer tastes and preferences outside as well as inside the u.s. moreover, we must often invest substantial amounts in film production, television programming, acquisition of sports rights, theme park attractions, cruise ships or hotels and other resort facilities before we know the extent to which these products will earn consumer acceptance. if our entertainment offerings and products do not achieve sufficient consumer acceptance, our revenue from advertising sales (which are based in part on ratings for the programs in which advertisements air), from affiliate fees, from subscription fees, from theatrical film receipts, from the license of rights to other distributors, from theme park admissions, from hotel room charges and merchandise, from food and beverage sales, from sales of licensed consumer products or from sales of our other consumer products and services, may decline or fail to grow to the extent we anticipate when making investment decisions and thereby adversely affect the profitability of one or more of our businesses.
changes in technology and in consumer consumption patterns may affect demand for our entertainment products, the revenue we can generate from these products or the cost of producing or distributing products.
the media entertainment and internet businesses in which we participate increasingly depend on our ability to successfully adapt to shifting patterns of content consumption through the adoption and exploitation of new technologies. new technologies affect the demand for our products, the manner in which our products are distributed to consumers, ways we charge for and receive revenue for our entertainment products and the stability of those revenue streams, the sources and nature of competing content offerings, the time and manner in which consumers acquire and view some of our entertainment products and the options available to advertisers for reaching their desired audiences. this trend has impacted the business model for certain traditional forms of distribution, as evidenced by the industry-wide decline in ratings for broadcast television, the reduction in demand for home entertainment sales of theatrical content, the development of alternative distribution channels for broadcast and cable programming and declines in subscriber levels for traditional cable channels, including for a number of our networks. in order to respond to these developments, we regularly consider and from time to time implement changes to our business models, most recently by developing dtc products for certain sports programming on espn+ (launched in 2018) and for filmed entertainment and other programming on disney+ (to be launched in 2019). there can be no assurance that our dtc offerings and other efforts will successfully respond to these changes, and we expect to forgo revenue from traditional sources in the short term. there can be no assurance that the dtc model and other business models we may develop will ultimately be as profitable as our current business models.
the success of our businesses is highly dependent on the existence and maintenance of intellectual property rights in the entertainment products and services we create.
the value to us of our intellectual property rights is dependent on the scope and duration of our rights as defined by applicable laws in the u.s. and abroad and the manner in which those laws are construed. if those laws are drafted or
table of contents interpreted in ways that limit the extent or duration of our rights, or if existing laws are changed, our ability to generate revenue from our intellectual property may decrease, or the cost of obtaining and maintaining rights may increase.
the unauthorized use of our intellectual property may increase the cost of protecting rights in our intellectual property or reduce our revenues. the convergence of computing, communication, and entertainment devices, increased broadband internet speed and penetration, increased availability and speed of mobile data transmission and increasingly sophisticated attempts to obtain unauthorized access to data systems have made the unauthorized digital copying and distribution of our films, television productions and other creative works easier and faster and protection and enforcement of intellectual property rights more challenging. the unauthorized distribution and access to entertainment content generally continues to be a significant challenge for intellectual property rights holders. inadequate laws or weak enforcement mechanisms to protect entertainment industry intellectual property in one country can adversely affect the results of the company's operations worldwide, despite the company's efforts to protect its intellectual property rights. these developments require us to devote substantial resources to protecting our intellectual property against unlicensed use and present the risk of increased losses of revenue as a result of unlicensed distribution of our content.
with respect to intellectual property developed by the company and rights acquired by the company from others, the company is subject to the risk of challenges to our copyright, trademark and patent rights by third parties. successful challenges to our rights in intellectual property may result in increased costs for obtaining rights or the loss of the opportunity to earn revenue from the intellectual property that is the subject of challenged rights.
protection of electronically stored data is costly and if our data is compromised in spite of this protection, we may incur additional costs, lost opportunities and damage to our reputation.
we maintain information necessary to conduct our business, including confidential and proprietary information as well as personal information regarding our customers and employees, in digital form. data maintained in digital form is subject to the risk of unauthorized access, modification and exfiltration. we develop and maintain information security systems in an effort to prevent this, but the development and maintenance of these systems is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become more sophisticated. accordingly, despite our efforts, unauthorized access, modification and exfiltration of data cannot be eliminated entirely, and the risks associated with a potentially material incident remain. in addition, we provide confidential, proprietary and personal information to third parties when it is necessary to pursue business objectives. while we obtain assurances that these third parties will protect this information and, where we believe appropriate, monitor the protections employed by these third parties, there is a risk the confidentiality of data held by third parties may be compromised. if our information security systems or data are compromised in a material way, our ability to conduct our business may be impaired, we may lose profitable opportunities or the value of those opportunities may be diminished and, as described above, we may lose revenue as a result of unlicensed use of our intellectual property. if personal information of our customers or employees is misappropriated, our reputation with our customers and employees may be damaged resulting in loss of business or morale, and we may incur costs to remediate possible harm to our customers and employees and/or to pay fines or take other action with respect to judicial or regulatory actions arising out of the incident.
a variety of uncontrollable events may reduce demand for our products and services, impair our ability to provide our products and services or increase the cost of providing our products and services.
demand for our products and services, particularly our theme parks and resorts, is highly dependent on the general environment for travel and tourism. the environment for travel and tourism, as well as demand for other entertainment products, can be significantly adversely affected in the u.s., globally or in specific regions as a result of a variety of factors beyond our control, including: adverse weather conditions arising from short-term weather patterns or long-term change, catastrophic events or natural disasters (such as excessive heat or rain, hurricanes, typhoons, floods, tsunamis and earthquakes); health concerns; international, political or military developments; and terrorist attacks. these events and others, such as fluctuations in travel and energy costs and computer virus attacks, intrusions or other widespread computing or telecommunications failures, may also damage our ability to provide our products and services or to obtain insurance coverage with respect to these events. an incident that affected our property directly would have a direct impact on our ability to provide goods and services and could have an extended effect of discouraging consumers from attending our facilities. moreover, the costs of protecting against such incidents reduces the profitability of our operations.
in addition, we derive affiliate fees and royalties from the distribution of our programming, sales of our licensed goods and services by third parties, and the management of businesses operated under brands licensed from the company, and we are therefore dependent on the successes of those third parties for that portion of our revenue. a wide variety of factors could influence the success of those third parties and if negative factors significantly impacted a sufficient number of those third parties, the profitability of one or more of our businesses could be adversely affected.
we obtain insurance against the risk of losses relating to some of these events, generally including physical damage to our property and resulting business interruption, certain injuries occurring on our property and some liabilities for alleged
table of contents breach of legal responsibilities. when insurance is obtained it is subject to deductibles, exclusions, terms, conditions and limits of liability. the types and levels of coverage we obtain vary from time to time depending on our view of the likelihood of specific types and levels of loss in relation to the cost of obtaining coverage for such types and levels of loss.
changes in our business strategy or restructuring of our businesses may increase our costs or otherwise affect the profitability of our businesses.
as changes in our business environment occur we may adjust our business strategies to meet these changes or we may otherwise decide to restructure our operations or particular businesses or assets. in addition, external events including changing technology, changing consumer patterns, acceptance of our theatrical offerings and changes in macroeconomic conditions may impair the value of our assets. when these changes or events occur, we may incur costs to change our business strategy and may need to write down the value of assets. we also make investments in existing or new businesses, including investments in international expansion of our business and in new business lines. in recent years, such investments have included expansion and renovation of certain of our theme park attractions, investment in shanghai disney resort and investments related to direct-to-consumer offerings of sports and other entertainment products. some of these investments may have short-term returns that are negative or low and the ultimate business prospects of the businesses may be uncertain. in any of these events, our costs may increase, we may have significant charges associated with the write-down of assets or returns on new investments may be lower than prior to the change in strategy or restructuring.
increased competitive pressures may reduce our revenues or increase our costs.
we face substantial competition in each of our businesses from alternative providers of the products and services we offer and from other forms of entertainment, lodging, tourism and recreational activities. this includes competition for human resources, programming and other resources we require in operating our business. for example:
•   our studio operations and media businesses compete to obtain creative, performing and business talent, sports and other programming, story properties, advertiser support and market share with other studio operations, broadcast and cable networks, svod providers, and other new sources of broadband delivered content.
•   our broadcast and cable networks and stations compete for the sale of advertising time with other broadcast, cable and satellite services, as well as with newspapers, magazines, billboards and radio stations. in addition, we increasingly face competition for advertising sales from internet and mobile delivered content, which offer advertising delivery technologies that are more targeted than can be achieved through traditional means.
•   our cable networks compete for carriage of their programming with other programming providers.
•   our theme parks and resorts compete for guests with all other forms of entertainment, lodging, tourism and recreation activities.
•   our studio operations compete for customers with all other forms of entertainment.
•   our interactive media operations compete with other licensors and publishers of console, online and mobile games and other types of home entertainment.
competition in each of these areas may increase as a result of technological developments and changes in market structure, including consolidation of suppliers of resources and distribution channels. increased competition may divert consumers from our creative or other products, or to other products or other forms of entertainment, which could reduce our revenue or increase our marketing costs. competition for the acquisition of resources can increase the cost of producing our products and services or deprive us of talent necessary to produce high quality creative material. such competition may also reduce, or limit growth in, prices for our products and services, including advertising rates and subscription fees at our media networks, parks and resorts admissions and room rates, and prices for consumer products from which we derive license revenues turmoil in the financial markets could increase our cost of borrowing and impede access to or increase the cost of financing our operations and investments.
past disruptions in the u.s. and global credit and equity markets made it difficult for many businesses to obtain financing on acceptable terms. these conditions tended to increase the cost of borrowing and if they recur, our cost of borrowing could increase and it may be more difficult to obtain financing for our operations or investments. in addition, our borrowing costs can be affected by short- and long-term debt ratings assigned by independent rating agencies that are based, in part, on the company's performance as measured by credit metrics such as interest coverage and leverage ratios. a decrease in these ratings would likely increase our cost of borrowing and/or make it more difficult for us to obtain financing. past disruptions in the global financial markets also impacted some of the financial institutions with which we do business. a similar decline in the financial stability of financial institutions could affect our ability to secure credit-worthy counterparties for our interest rate and foreign currency hedging programs, could affect our ability to settle existing contracts and could also affect the ability of our business customers to obtain financing and thereby to satisfy their obligations to us.
table of contents sustained increases in costs of pension and postretirement medical and other employee health and welfare benefits may reduce our profitability.
with approximately 201,000 employees, our profitability is substantially affected by costs of pension benefits and current and postretirement medical benefits. we may experience significant increases in these costs as a result of macro-economic factors, which are beyond our control, including increases in the cost of health care. in addition, changes in investment returns and discount rates used to calculate pension expense and related assets and liabilities can be volatile and may have an unfavorable impact on our costs in some years. these macroeconomic factors as well as a decline in the fair value of pension and postretirement medical plan assets may put upward pressure on the cost of providing pension and postretirement medical benefits and may increase future funding requirements. although we have actively sought to control increases in these costs, there can be no assurance that we will succeed in limiting cost increases, and continued upward pressure could reduce the profitability of our businesses.
we enter into long-term contracts for both the acquisition and the distribution of media programming and products, including contracts for the acquisition of programming rights for sporting events and other programs, and contracts for the distribution of our programming to content distributors. as these contracts expire, we must renew or renegotiate the contracts, and if we are unable to renew them on acceptable terms, we may lose programming rights or distribution rights. even if these contracts are renewed, the cost of obtaining programming rights may increase (or increase at faster rates than our historical experience) or programming distributors, facing pressures resulting from increased subscription fees and alternative distribution challenges, may demand terms (including pricing and the breadth of distribution) that reduce our revenue from distribution of programs (or increase revenue at slower rates than our historical experience). moreover, our ability to renew these contracts on favorable terms may be affected by recent consolidation in the market for program distribution and the entrance of new participants in the market for distribution of content on digital platforms. with respect to the acquisition of programming rights, particularly sports programming rights, the impact of these long-term contracts on our results over the term of the contracts depends on a number of factors, including the strength of advertising markets, subscription levels and rates for programming, effectiveness of marketing efforts and the size of viewer audiences. there can be no assurance that revenues from programming based on these rights will exceed the cost of the rights plus the other costs of producing and distributing the programming.
changes in regulations applicable to our businesses may impair the profitability of our businesses.
our broadcast networks and television stations are highly regulated, and each of our other businesses is subject to a variety of u.s. and overseas regulations. these regulations include:
•   u.s. fcc regulation of our television and radio networks, our national programming networks and our owned television stations. see item 1 - business - media networks, federal regulation.
•   federal, state and foreign privacy and data protection laws and regulations.
•   regulation of the safety of consumer products and theme park operations.
•   environmental protection regulations.
•   imposition by foreign countries of trade restrictions, restrictions on the manner in which content is currently licensed and distributed, ownership restrictions, currency exchange controls or motion picture or television content requirements or quotas.
•   domestic and international wage laws, tax laws or currency controls.
changes in any of these regulations or regulatory activities in any of these areas may require us to spend additional amounts to comply with the regulations, or may restrict our ability to offer products and services in ways that are profitable.
our operations outside the united states may be adversely affected by the operation of laws in those jurisdictions.
our operations in non-u.s. jurisdictions are in many cases subject to the laws of the jurisdictions in which they operate rather than u.s. law. laws in some jurisdictions differ in significant respects from those in the u.s. these differences can affect our ability to react to changes in our business, and our rights or ability to enforce rights may be different than would be expected under u.s. law. moreover, enforcement of laws in some overseas jurisdictions can be inconsistent and unpredictable, which can affect both our ability to enforce our rights and to undertake activities that we believe are beneficial to our business. in addition, the business and political climate in some jurisdictions may encourage corruption, which could reduce our ability to compete successfully in those jurisdictions while remaining in compliance with local laws or united states anti-corruption laws applicable to our businesses. as a result, our ability to generate revenue and our expenses in non-u.s. jurisdictions may differ from what would be expected if u.s. law governed these operations.
table of contents labor disputes may disrupt our operations and adversely affect the profitability of any of our businesses.
a significant number of employees in various of our businesses are covered by collective bargaining agreements, including employees of our theme parks and resorts as well as writers, directors, actors, production personnel and others employed in our media networks and studio operations. in addition, the employees of licensees who manufacture and retailers who sell our consumer products, and employees of providers of programming content (such as sports leagues) may be covered by labor agreements with their employers. in general, a labor dispute involving our employees or the employees of our licensees or retailers who sell our consumer products or providers of programming content may disrupt our operations and reduce our revenues, and resolution of disputes may increase our costs.
the seasonality of certain of our businesses could exacerbate negative impacts on our operations.
each of our businesses is normally subject to seasonal variations, as follows:
•   revenues in our media networks segment are subject to seasonal advertising patterns and changes in viewership levels. in general, advertising revenues are somewhat higher during the fall and somewhat lower during the summer months. affiliate fees are typically collected ratably throughout the year.
•   revenues in our parks and resorts segment fluctuate with changes in theme park attendance and resort occupancy resulting from the seasonal nature of vacation travel and leisure activities. peak attendance and resort occupancy generally occur during the summer months when school vacations occur and during early-winter and spring-holiday periods.
•   revenues in our studio entertainment segment fluctuate due to the timing and performance of releases in the theatrical, home entertainment and television markets. release dates are determined by several factors, including competition and the timing of vacation and holiday periods.
•   revenues in our consumer products &amp; interactive media segment are influenced by seasonal consumer purchasing behavior, which generally results in higher revenues during the company's first and fourth fiscal quarters, and by the timing and performance of theatrical and game releases and cable programming broadcasts.
accordingly, if a short-term negative impact on our business occurs during a time of high seasonal demand (such as hurricane damage to our parks during the summer travel season), the effect could have a disproportionate effect on the results of that business for the year.
risk factors related to the acquisition of 21cf the proposed acquisition of 21cf may cause disruption in our business.
the merger agreement related to the acquisition of 21cf (the "acquisition") restricts us from taking certain specified actions without 21cf's consent until the acquisition is completed or the merger agreement is terminated, including making certain acquisitions to the extent that the acquisition would reasonably be expected to prevent, materially delay or materially impair the completion of the acquisition, and from paying dividends in excess of certain thresholds. these restrictions may affect our ability to execute our business strategies and attain our financial and other goals and may impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the proposed acquisition could cause disruptions to our business or business relationships, which could have an adverse impact on results of operations. parties with which we have business relationships may experience uncertainty as to the future of such relationships and may delay or defer certain business decisions, seek alternative relationships with third parties or seek to alter their present business relationships with us. parties with whom we otherwise may have sought to establish business relationships may seek alternative relationships with third parties.
the pursuit of the acquisition and the preparation for the integration of 21cf may place a significant burden on our management and internal resources. the diversion of management's attention away from day-to-day business concerns and any difficulties encountered in the transition and integration process could adversely affect our financial results.
we have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs, expenses and fees for professional services and other transaction costs in connection with the acquisition. we may also incur unanticipated costs in the integration of the businesses of 21cf and disney. the substantial majority of these costs will be non-recurring expenses relating to the acquisition, and many of these costs are payable regardless of whether or not the acquisition is consummated. we also could be subject to litigation related to the proposed acquisition, which could result in significant costs and expenses.
failure to complete the acquisition in a timely manner or at all could negatively impact the market price of our common stock, as well as our future business and our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we currently anticipate the acquisition will be completed in the first half of calendar year 2019, but we cannot be certain when or if the conditions for the acquisition will be satisfied or (if permissible under applicable law) waived. the acquisition cannot be completed until the conditions to closing are satisfied or (if permissible under applicable law) waived, including (i) receipt of certain required governmental approvals and consents, (ii) receipt by 21cf of a surplus and solvency opinion with
table of contents respect to the separation of the 21cf assets and liabilities that we are not acquiring in the acquisition, referred to as the separation, and the cash dividend in connection with the acquisition, (iii) the registration of the common stock of a newly formed subsidiary of 21cf, referred to as new fox, that is contemplated to own the 21cf assets and liabilities that we are not acquiring in the acquisition and which will be spun off to 21cf stockholders, (iv) authorization of disney and new fox shares for listing on nyse or nasdaq, as applicable, (v) the consummation of the separation and spin off of new fox to 21cf stockholders, (vi) receipt of certain tax opinions by each of 21cf and disney, including tax opinions regarding the intended tax treatment of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement for u.s. federal income tax purposes, and (vii ) the accuracy of the representations and warranties made by 21cf or disney, as applicable, in the merger agreement. our obligation to complete the acquisition is also subject to, among other conditions, the absence of regulatory authorities requiring certain actions on our part. the satisfaction of the required conditions could delay the completion of the acquisition for a significant period of time or prevent it from occurring. further, there can be no assurance that the conditions to the closing of the acquisition will be satisfied or waived or that the acquisition will be completed.
if the acquisition is not completed in a timely manner or at all, our business may be adversely affected as follows:
•   we may experience negative reactions from the financial markets, and our stock price could decline to the extent that the current market price reflects an assumption that the acquisition will be completed;
•   we may experience negative reactions from employees, customers, suppliers or other third parties;
•   management's focus may have been diverted from pursuing other opportunities that could have been beneficial to disney; and
•   our costs of pursuing the acquisition may be higher than anticipated.
in addition to the above risks, we may be required, under certain circumstances, to pay 21cf a termination fee equal to $1.525 billion, or in connection with a termination under certain specified circumstances in connection with the failure to obtain regulatory approvals, $2.5 billion. if the acquisition is not consummated, there can be no assurance that these risks will not materialize and will not materially adversely affect our stock price, business, financial conditions, results of operations or cash flows.
the acquisition may not be accretive, and may be dilutive, to our earnings per share, which may negatively affect the market price of our common stock.
we currently expect the acquisition to be accretive to our earnings per share, excluding the impact of purchase accounting, in fiscal 2021 assuming the acquisition closes in fiscal 2019. this expectation, however, is based on preliminary estimates that may materially change. in addition, we could fail to realize all of the benefits anticipated in the acquisition or experience delays or inefficiencies in realizing such benefits. such factors could, combined with the issuance of shares of our common stock in connection with the acquisition, result in the acquisition being dilutive to our earnings per share, which could negatively affect the market price of our common stock.
in order to complete the acquisition, disney and 21cf must obtain certain governmental approvals, and if such approvals are not granted or are granted with conditions, completion of the acquisition may be jeopardized or the anticipated benefits of the acquisition could be reduced.
although disney and 21cf have agreed to use reasonable best efforts, subject to certain limitations, to make certain governmental filings and obtain the required governmental approvals or expiration or earlier termination of relevant waiting periods, as the case may be, there can be no assurance that the relevant waiting periods will expire or be terminated or that the relevant approvals will be obtained. as a condition to approving the acquisition, these governmental authorities may impose conditions, terms, obligations or restrictions or require divestitures or place restrictions on the conduct of our business after completion of the acquisition. there can be no assurance that regulators will not impose conditions, terms, obligations or restrictions and that such conditions, terms, obligations or restrictions will not have the effect of delaying or preventing completion of the acquisition or imposing additional material costs on or materially limiting the revenues of the combined company following the acquisition, or otherwise adversely affecting, including to a material extent, our businesses and results of operations after completion of the acquisition. if we or 21cf are required to divest assets or businesses, there can be no assurance that we or 21cf will be able to negotiate such divestitures expeditiously or on favorable terms or that the governmental authorities will approve the terms of such divestitures. we can provide no assurance that these conditions, terms, obligations or restrictions will not result in the abandonment of the acquisition.
we will be required to divest the 21cf regional sports networks (the "21cf rsns") and we may not be able to negotiate such divestitures expeditiously or on favorable terms.
on june 27, 2018, the u.s. department of justice (the "doj") submitted a proposed final judgment resolving a complaint it filed the same day to remedy potential competitive concerns regarding our acquisition of the 21cf rsns. pursuant to the doj's proposed final judgment, we will be required to hold separate and divest the 21cf rsns following the completion of the acquisition if the divestiture of the 21cf rsns is not completed prior to the completion of the acquisition. the proposed final
table of contents judgment is subject to the approval of the united states district court for the southern district of new york. there can be no assurance that such court approval will be granted. although we intend to fully comply with the proposed final judgment, there can be no assurance that we will be able to negotiate such divestitures expeditiously or on favorable terms, or that governmental authorities will approve the terms of such divestitures. in the event that we are unable to divest all of the 21cf rsns within the agreed upon time periods, the doj may apply for a trustee to be appointed to give effect to the divestitures, and we will be unable to object to any sale of the 21cf rsns by the trustee on any grounds other than the trustee's malfeasance.
although we expect that the acquisition will result in synergies and other benefits to us, we may not realize those benefits because of difficulties related to integration, the achievement of synergies, and other challenges.
disney and 21cf have operated and, until completion of the acquisition, will continue to operate, independently, and there can be no assurances that our businesses can be combined in a manner that allows for the achievement of substantial benefits. if we are not able to successfully integrate 21cf's businesses with ours or pursue our direct-to-consumer strategy successfully, the anticipated benefits and cost savings of the acquisition may not be realized fully or may take longer than expected to be realized. further, it is possible that there could be loss of key disney or 21cf employees, loss of customers, disruption of either company's or both companies' ongoing businesses or unexpected issues, higher than expected costs and an overall post-completion process that takes longer than originally anticipated. specifically, the following issues, among others, must be addressed in combining the operations of 21cf with ours in order to realize the anticipated benefits of the acquisition so the combined company performs as the parties hope:
•   combining the businesses of disney and 21cf in a manner that permits us to achieve the synergies anticipated to result from the acquisition, the failure of which would result in the anticipated benefits of the acquisition not being realized in the time frame currently anticipated or at all;
•   maintaining existing agreements with customers, distributors, providers, talent and vendors and avoiding delays in entering into new agreements with prospective customers, distributors, providers, talent and vendors;
•   determining whether and how to address possible differences in corporate cultures and management philosophies;
•   integrating the companies' administrative and information technology infrastructure;
•   developing products and technology that allow value to be unlocked in the future; and
•   effecting potential actions that may be required in connection with obtaining regulatory approvals.
in addition, at times the attention of certain members of our management and resources may be focused on completion of the acquisition and integration planning of the businesses of the two companies and diverted from day-to-day business operations, which may disrupt our ongoing business and the business of the combined company.
consummation of the acquisition will increase our exposure to the risks of operating internationally.
we are a diversified entertainment company that offers entertainment, travel and consumer products worldwide. although many of our businesses increasingly depend on acceptance of our offerings and products by consumers outside of the u.s., the combination with 21cf will increase the importance of international operations to our future operations, growth and prospects. the risks of operating internationally that we already face may therefore increase upon completion of the acquisition.
our consolidated indebtedness will increase substantially following completion of the acquisition. this increased level of indebtedness could adversely affect us, including by decreasing our business flexibility.
our consolidated indebtedness as of september 29, 2018 was approximately $20.9 billion. upon completion of the acquisition, we will assume an estimated $19 billion of additional outstanding debt of 21cf. in addition, we have obtained a bridge commitment of up to $35.7 billion and may draw on such facility or other bridge facilities, issue additional commercial paper, or obtain other debt financing in order to finance a portion of the cash consideration for the acquisition. we expect to use a portion of 21cf's cash to repay a portion of the increased indebtedness promptly after completion of the acquisition, and use proceeds from the sale of the 21cf rsns (as defined below) to repay additional indebtedness when those proceeds become available. following the completion of these transactions, we expect that the combined company will have approximately $40 billion of short and long-term debt and interest expense of approximately $2 billion per year.
the increased indebtedness could have the effect of, among other things, reducing our flexibility to respond to changing business and economic conditions. in addition, the amount of cash required to pay interest on our increased indebtedness levels will increase following completion of the acquisition, and thus the demands on our cash resources will be greater than prior to the acquisition. the increased levels of indebtedness following completion of the acquisition could also reduce funds available for capital expenditures, share repurchases and dividends, and other activities and may create competitive disadvantages for us relative to other companies with lower debt levels. our financial flexibility may be further constrained by the issuance of shares of common stock in the acquisition, because of dividend payments.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations consolidated results
(in millions, except per share data)
% changebetter/(worse)
costs and expenses:
total costs and expenses                                                        (44,597   )         (41,264   )         (41,274   )            (8     )%             -      %
restructuring and impairment charges                                                (33   )             (98   )            (156   )            66      %            37      %
equity in the income (loss) of investees, net                                      (102   )             320                 926                nm                  (65     )%
income before income taxes                                                       14,729              13,788              14,868                 7      %            (7     )%
less: net income attributable to noncontrolling interests                          (468   )            (386   )            (399   )           (21     )%             3      %
table of contents organization of information management's discussion and analysis provides a narrative on the company's financial performance and condition that should be read in conjunction with the accompanying financial statements. it includes the following sections:
•   consolidated results and non-segment items
•   business segment results - 2018 vs. 2017
•   business segment results - 2017 vs. 2016
•   impact of u.s. federal income tax reform
•   significant developments
•   liquidity and capital resources
•   contractual obligations, commitments and off balance sheet arrangements
•   critical accounting policies and estimates
•   forward-looking statements consolidated results and non-segment items
revenues for fiscal 2018 increased 8%, or $4.3 billion, to $59.4 billion; net income attributable to disney increased 40%, or $3.6 billion, to $12.6 billion; and diluted earnings per share attributable to disney (eps) increased 47%, or $2.67 to $8.36. the eps increase in fiscal 2018 was due to a benefit from new federal income tax legislation, the "tax cuts and jobs act" (tax act) (see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements), higher segment operating income, a decrease in weighted average shares outstanding as a result of our share repurchase program and gains on the sale of real estate and property rights. these increases were partially offset by the comparison to a non-cash net gain in connection with the acquisition of a controlling interest in bamtech in the prior year, impairments of our vice and villages nature equity method investments in the current year and higher net interest and corporate and unallocated shared expenses. the increase in segment operating income was due to growth at our parks and resorts and studio entertainment segments, partially offset by lower results at our media networks and consumer products & interactive media segments. in addition, net income attributable to disney reflected an approximate 1 percentage point decline due to the movement of the u.s. dollar against major currencies including the impact of our hedging program (fx impact).
revenues service revenues for fiscal 2018 increased 9%, or $4.0 billion, to $50.9 billion, due to higher theatrical distribution revenue, growth in guest spending and volumes at our parks and resorts, an increase in affiliate fees, increased tv/svod distribution revenue and the consolidation of bamtech. on september 25, 2017, the company increased its ownership in bamtech and began consolidating its results. these increases were partially offset by lower advertising revenue.
product revenues for fiscal 2018 increased 3%, or $0.3 billion, to $8.6 billion, due to guest spending and volume growth at our parks and resorts, partially offset by lower home entertainment volumes and a decrease in retail store sales. product revenue reflected an approximate 1 percentage point increase due to a favorable fx impact.
costs and expenses cost of services for fiscal 2018 increased 9%, or $2.2 billion, to $27.5 billion, due to higher film and television cost amortization driven by an increase in theatrical and tv/svod distribution revenue and contractual rate increases for television programming. costs of services also increased due to the consolidation of bamtech and higher costs at our parks and resorts reflecting cost inflation, higher technology and operations support expenses and a special fiscal 2018 domestic employee bonus.
cost of products for fiscal 2018 increased 4%, or $0.2 billion, to $5.2 billion, due to cost inflation and higher guest spending and volumes at our parks and resorts. cost of products reflected an approximate 1 percentage point increase due to an unfavorable fx impact.
table of contents selling, general, administrative and other costs for fiscal 2018 increased 8%, or $0.7 billion, to $8.9 billion, due to higher marketing spend, the consolidation of bamtech, costs incurred in connection with the 21cf acquisition and an increase in compensation costs.
depreciation and amortization costs increased 8%, or $0.2 billion, to $3.0 billion due to depreciation of new attractions at our parks and resorts segment and the consolidation of bamtech. depreciation and amortization costs reflected an approximate 1 percentage point increase due to an unfavorable fx impact.
restructuring and impairment charges the company recorded $33 million and $98 million of restructuring and impairment charges in fiscal years 2018 and 2017, respectively. charges in fiscal 2018 were due to severance costs. charges in fiscal 2017 were due to severance costs and asset impairments.
(in millions)                                                  2018              2017   % change better/(worse)
gains on sales of real estate and property rights          $560                $-       nm settlement of litigation                                     38              (177   )   nm gain related to the acquisition of bamtech                    3               255       (99       )%
in fiscal 2018, the company recorded gains of $560 million in connection with the sales of real estate and property rights in new york city.
in fiscal 2018, the company recorded $38 million in insurance recoveries in connection with the settlement of a litigation matter for which the company recorded a charge of $177 million, net of committed insurance recoveries in fiscal 2017.
in fiscal 2018, the company recorded a $3 million adjustment to a fiscal 2017 non-cash net gain of $255 million recorded in connection with the acquisition of a controlling interest in bamtech (see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements).
(in millions)                               2018              2017       % change better/(worse)
interest and investment income           108               122           (11   )%
the increase in interest expense was due to an increase in average interest rates, higher average debt balances and financing costs related to the pending 21cf acquisition.
the decrease in interest and investment income for the year was due to the comparison to gains on investments recognized in the prior year, partially offset by an increase in interest income driven by higher average interest rates.
equity in the income of investees equity in the income of investees decreased $422 million, to a loss of $102 million due to higher losses from hulu, impairments of vice and villages nature equity method investments and lower income from a+e. these decreases were partially offset by a favorable comparison to a loss from bamtech in the prior year. the decrease at hulu was driven by higher programming, labor and marketing costs, partially offset by growth in subscription and advertising revenue. the decrease at a+e was due to lower advertising revenue and higher programming costs, partially offset by higher program sales.
2018                                          2017        changebetter/(worse)
•   a net benefit of $1.7 billion, which reflected a $2.1 billion benefit from remeasuring our deferred tax balances to the new statutory rate (deferred remeasurement), partially offset by a charge of $0.4 billion for a one-time tax on certain accumulated foreign earnings (deemed repatriation tax). this benefit had an impact of approximately 11.5 percentage points on the effective income tax rate.
noncontrolling interests net income attributable to noncontrolling interests for the year increased $82 million to $468 million due to lower tax expense at espn, largely due to the tax act, and the impact of the company's acquisition of the noncontrolling interest in disneyland paris in the third quarter of the prior year. these increases were partially offset by losses at bamtech.
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests is determined on income after royalties and management fees, financing costs and income taxes, as applicable.
revenues for fiscal 2017 decreased 1%, or $0.5 billion, to $55.1 billion; net income attributable to disney decreased 4%, or $0.4 billion, to $9.0 billion; and eps for the year decreased 1%, or $0.04 to $5.69. the eps decrease in fiscal 2017 was due to lower segment operating income at media networks, studio entertainment and consumer products & interactive media and higher net interest expense. these decreases were partially offset by a decrease in weighted average shares outstanding as a result of our share repurchase program, higher operating income at parks and resorts and a decrease in the effective tax rate. in addition, net income attributable to disney reflected an approximate 1 percentage point decline due to an unfavorable fx impact.
revenues service revenues for fiscal 2017 decreased 1%, or $0.3 billion, to $46.8 billion, due to declines from theatrical and home entertainment distribution, advertising and merchandise licensing. these decreases were partially offset by the benefit from a full year of operations at shanghai disney resort, which opened in june 2016, an increase in affiliate fees and higher average guest spending and attendance at our other parks and resorts. service revenue reflected an approximate 1 percentage point decline due to an unfavorable fx impact.
product revenues for fiscal 2017 decreased 2%, or $0.2 billion, to $8.3 billion, due to lower volumes at our home entertainment distribution and retail businesses and the discontinuation of infinity, partially offset by the impact of a full year of operations at shanghai disney resort and higher average guest spending and volumes at our other parks and resorts. product revenue reflected an approximate 1 percentage point decline due to an unfavorable fx impact.
costs and expenses cost of services for fiscal 2017 increased 3%, or $0.7 billion, to $25.3 billion, due to higher sports programming costs, a full year of operations at shanghai disney resort and new guest offerings and inflation at our other parks and resorts. these increases were partially offset by lower film cost amortization and theatrical distribution costs.
cost of products for fiscal 2017 decreased 7%, or $0.4 billion, to $5.0 billion, due to the discontinuation of infinity, the absence of the infinity charge (see note 1 to the consolidated financial statements) and lower retail and home entertainment volumes. these decreases were partially offset by a full year of operations at shanghai disney resort and inflation at our domestic parks and resorts.
table of contents selling, general, administrative and other costs for fiscal 2017 decreased 7%, or $0.6 billion, to $8.2 billion, due to lower theatrical marketing costs and the discontinuation of infinity. selling, general, administrative and other costs reflected an approximate 1 percentage point benefit due to a favorable fx impact.
depreciation and amortization costs increased 10%, or $0.3 billion, to $2.8 billion primarily due to a full year of operations at shanghai disney resort and depreciation associated with new attractions at our domestic parks and resorts.
restructuring and impairment charges the company recorded $98 million and $156 million of restructuring and impairment charges in fiscal years 2017 and 2016, respectively. charges in fiscal 2017 were due to severance costs and asset impairments. charges in fiscal 2016 were due to asset impairments and severance and contract termination costs.
(in millions)                               2017              2016           % change better/(worse)
interest and investment income           122                94       30            %
the increase in interest expense was due to higher average debt balances, lower capitalized interest and an increase in our effective interest rate.
the increase in interest and investment income was driven by an increase in average interest bearing cash balances and higher interest rates.
equity in the income of investees equity in the income of investees decreased 65% or $606 million, to $0.3 billion due to the comparison to the $332 million vice gain (see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements), which was recognized in fiscal 2016, and higher losses from our investments in bamtech and hulu. the bamtech results reflected a valuation adjustment to sports programming rights that were prepaid prior to our acquisition of bamtech and increased costs for technology platform investments. the decrease at hulu was due to higher programming, distribution, marketing and labor costs, partially offset by growth in advertising and subscription revenues.
2017                                          2016       change better/(worse)
effective income tax rate   32.1   %      34.2   %   2.1                     ppt the decrease in the effective income tax rate was due to lower tax on foreign earnings, a favorable impact from the adoption of the new accounting pronouncement related to the tax impact of employee share-based awards ($125 million) and an increase in the benefit related to qualified domestic production activities. these decreases were partially offset by a benefit in the prior year from the favorable resolution of certain tax matters. the lower tax on foreign earnings was driven by a decrease in foreign losses for which we are not recognizing a tax benefit.
noncontrolling interests net income attributable to noncontrolling interests for fiscal 2017 decreased $13 million to $386 million due to the impact of lower net income at espn, partially offset by the impact of improved results at shanghai disney resort.
table of contents certain items impacting comparability results for fiscal 2018 were impacted by the following:
•   a benefit of $1.7 billion from the tax act deferred remeasurement, net of the deemed repatriation tax
•   a benefit of $601 million comprising $560 million in gains from the sales of real estate and property rights, $38 million from insurance recoveries in connection with the settlement of a fiscal 2017 litigation matter and $3 million from an adjustment related to a non-cash gain recognized in fiscal 2017 for the acquisition of a controlling interest in bamtech
•   impairments of $210 million for vice and villages nature equity investments
•   restructuring and impairment charges of $33 million results for fiscal 2017 were impacted by the following:
•   a non-cash net gain of $255 million in connection with the acquisition of a controlling interest in bamtech
•   a charge, net of committed insurance recoveries, of $177 million in connection with the settlement of litigation
•   restructuring and impairment charges of $98 million results for fiscal 2016 were impacted by the following:
•   a benefit of $332 million for the vice gain
•   restructuring and impairment charges of $156 million
•   a charge of $129 million related to our infinity game business a summary of the impact of these items on eps is as follows:
(in millions, except per share data)                             pre-tax income/(loss)            tax benefit/(expense)(1)           after-tax income/(loss)             eps favorable/(adverse) (2)
net benefit from the tax act                                              $-                             $1,701                             $1,701                                 $1.11
impairment of equity investments                                        (210         )                       49                               (161         )                       (0.11           )
restructuring and impairment charges                                     (33         )                        7                                (26         )                       (0.02           )
settlement of litigation                                               $(177         )                      $65                              $(112         )                      $(0.07           )
restructuring and impairment charges                                     (98         )                       31                                (67         )                       (0.04           )
gain related to the acquisition of bamtech                               255                                (93          )                     162                                  0.10
restructuring and impairment charges                                    (156         )                       43                               (113         )                       (0.07           )
infinity charge(3)                                                      (129         )                       47                                (82         )                       (0.05           )
(1)   tax benefit/expense adjustments are determined using the tax rate applicable to the individual item affecting comparability.
(2)   eps is net of noncontrolling interest share, where applicable. total may not equal the sum of the column due to rounding.
(3)   recorded in "cost of products" in the consolidated statements of income. see note 1 to the consolidated financial statements.
table of contents business segment results - 2018 vs. 2017
below is a discussion of the major revenue and expense categories for our business segments. costs and expenses for each segment consist of operating expenses, selling, general, administrative and other costs and depreciation and amortization. selling, general, administrative and other costs include third-party and internal marketing expenses.
our media networks segment generates revenue from affiliate fees, ad sales and other revenues, which include the sale and distribution of television programs and subscription fees for our dtc offerings. significant expenses include amortization of programming, production, participations and residuals costs, technical support costs, operating labor and distribution costs.
our parks and resorts segment generates revenue from the sale of admissions to theme parks, the sale of food, beverage and merchandise, charges for room nights at hotels, sales of cruise vacation packages and sales and rentals of vacation club properties. revenues are also generated from sponsorships and co-branding opportunities, real estate rent and sales, and royalties from tokyo disney resort. significant expenses include operating labor, infrastructure costs, depreciation, costs of sales and other operating expenses. infrastructure costs include information systems expense, repairs and maintenance, utilities and fuel, property taxes, insurance and transportation and other operating expenses include costs for such items as supplies, commissions and entertainment offerings.
our studio entertainment segment generates revenue from the distribution of films in the theatrical, home entertainment and tv/svod markets, stage play ticket sales, music distribution and licensing of our intellectual property for use in live entertainment productions. significant expenses include amortization of production, participations and residuals costs, marketing and sales costs, distribution expenses and costs of sales.
our consumer products & interactive media segment generates revenue from licensing characters and content from our film, television and other properties to third parties for use on consumer merchandise, published materials and in multi-platform games and from operating retail stores, internet shopping sites and a wholesale business. we also generate revenue from the sales of games through app distributors and online, consumers' in-game purchases, sales of self-published children's books and magazines and comic books, advertising in online video content and operating english language learning centers. significant expenses include costs of goods sold and distribution expenses, operating labor and retail occupancy costs, product development and marketing.
% changebetter/(worse)
media networks                                $24,500             $23,510             $23,689              4      %            (1   )%
consumer products &amp; interactive media       4,651               4,833               5,528             (4     )%           (13   )%
media networks                                 $6,625              $6,902              $7,755             (4     )%           (11   )%
consumer products &amp; interactive media       1,632               1,744               1,965             (6     )%           (11   )%
the company evaluates the performance of its operating segments based on segment operating income, and management uses aggregate segment operating income as a measure of the overall performance of the operating businesses. aggregate segment operating income is not a financial measure defined by gaap, should be reviewed in conjunction with the relevant gaap financial measure and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. the company believes that information about aggregate segment operating income assists investors by allowing them to evaluate changes in the operating results of the company's portfolio of businesses separate from factors other than business operations that affect net income.
table of contents the following table reconciles income before income taxes to segment operating income.
% changebetter/(worse)
income before income taxes                    $14,729             $13,788             $14,868                 7      %            (7   )%
restructuring and impairment charges               33                  98                 156                66      %            37   %
impairment of equity investments                  210                   -                   -                nm                   nm vice gain                                           -                   -                (332   )            nm                   nm infinity charge                                     -                   -                 129                nm                   nm segment operating income                      $15,706             $14,775             $15,721                 6      %            (6   )%
media networks operating results for the media networks segment are as follows:
year ended           % changebetter /(worse)
equity in the income of investees                        131            344                                    (62   )%
the decrease in advertising revenues was due to decreases of $260 million at cable networks, from $4,263 million to $4,003 million and $106 million at broadcasting, from $3,866 million to $3,760 million. the decrease at cable networks was due to a decrease of 5% from lower impressions. the decrease in impressions was due to lower average viewership, partially offset by higher units delivered. the decrease at broadcasting was due to decreases of 6% from lower network impressions and 1% from lower impressions at the owned television stations, both of which were attributed to lower average viewership. this decrease was partially offset by an increase of 5% from higher network rates.
tv/svod distribution and other revenue increased $736 million due to higher abc program sales and the consolidation of bamtech. the increase in program sales was driven by increased revenue from programs licensed to hulu and higher sales of grey's anatomy and black-ish. additionally, the current year included the sales of luke cage, daredevil and jessica jones compared to the prior-year sales of the punisher and the defenders. on september 25, 2017, the company acquired a controlling ownership interest in bamtech and began consolidating its results and including bamtech's revenues in other revenues. the company's share of bamtech's results was previously reported in equity in the income of investees.
table of contents costs and expenses operating expenses include programming and production costs, which increased $654 million from $12,922 million to $13,576 million. at cable networks, programming and production costs increased $332 million due to contractual rate increases for college sports, nfl, nba and mlb programming and the consolidation of bamtech, partially offset by lower production costs. at broadcasting, programming and production costs increased $322 million due to higher program sales and a higher average cost of network programming, including the impact of americal idol, roseanne and the goldbergs in the current year. other operating costs, which include distribution and technology costs, increased primarily due to the consolidation of bamtech.
selling, general, administrative and other costs increased $105 million from $2,647 million to $2,752 million due to the consolidation of bamtech, partially offset by lower marketing costs at the disney channels.
equity in the income of investees income from equity investees decreased $213 million from $344 million to $131 million due to higher losses from hulu and lower income from a+e. these decreases were partially offset by a favorable comparison to a loss from bamtech in the prior-year period. the decrease at hulu was driven by higher programming, labor and marketing costs, partially offset by growth in subscription and advertising revenue. the decrease at a+e was due to lower advertising revenue and higher programming costs, partially offset by higher program sales.
segment operating income segment operating income decreased 4%, or $277 million, to $6,625 million due to the consolidation of bamtech and lower income from equity investees, partially offset by higher program sales and an increase at the disney channels.
the following table provides supplemental revenue and operating income detail for the media networks segment:
year ended           % changebetter /(worse)
revenues cable networks(1)                           $17,063                        $16,527                      3   %
segment operating income cable networks(1)                            $5,126                         $5,353                     (4   )%
equity in the income of investees               131            344                                    (62   )%
(1)   cable networks results in the current year include the consolidated results of bamtech, whereas in the prior year the company's share of bamtech's results was reported in equity in the income of investees.
impairment of equity investments and restructuring and impairment charges the company recorded charges of $157 million, $74 million and $87 million related to media networks for fiscal years 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively, which are excluded from media networks segment operating income. the charge in fiscal 2018 was for an impairment of our equity investment in vice. the charges in fiscal 2017 were due to severance costs and asset impairments. the charges in fiscal 2016 were for an investment impairment and contract termination and severance costs. the fiscal 2018 charge was reported in "equity in the income (loss) of investees, net," in the consolidated statements of income. the charges in fiscal 2017 and 2016 were reported in "restructuring and impairment charges" in the consolidated statements of income.
table of contents parks and resorts operating results for the parks and resorts segment are as follows:
year ended           % changebetter /(worse)
equity in the loss of investees                          (23        )                   (25        )             8         %
revenue growth at our domestic operations reflected increases of 6% from higher average guest spending and 2% from volume growth. guest spending growth was due to higher average ticket prices for theme park admissions and for cruise line sailings, increased food, beverage, and merchandise spending and higher average daily hotel room rates. the increase in volumes was due to higher attendance and passenger cruise ship days, partially offset by lower occupied hotel room nights. volumes benefited from a favorable comparison to the prior-year impacts of hurricanes irma and matthew. lower occupied hotel room nights were driven by fewer available room nights at walt disney world resort due to room refurbishments and conversions to vacation club units.
per capita guest spending                         6   %                       2   %                      5   %                       (1   )%                     6   %                     (1   )%
(1)   per room guest spending consists of the average daily hotel room rate as well as guest spending on food, beverage and merchandise at the hotels. hotel statistics include rentals of disney vacation club units.
(2)   per capita guest spending growth rate is stated on a constant currency basis. per room guest spending is stated at the fiscal 2017 average foreign exchange rate.
table of contents costs and expenses operating expenses include operating labor, which increased $481 million from $4,990 million to $5,471 million, cost of sales, which increased $147 million from $1,656 million to $1,803 million, and infrastructure costs, which increased $99 million from $2,065 million to $2,164 million. the increase in operating labor was due to inflation, higher volumes, an unfavorable fx impact and a special fiscal 2018 domestic employee bonus. the increase in cost of sales was primarily due to higher volumes and inflation. higher infrastructure costs were due to increased technology spending and inflation. other operating expenses, which include costs for such items as supplies, commissions and entertainment offerings, increased $196 million, from $1,956 million to $2,152 million primarily due to an unfavorable fx impact, inflation and new guest offerings.
selling, general, administrative and other costs increased $108 million from $1,950 million to $2,058 million primarily due to inflation and an unfavorable fx impact.
depreciation and amortization increased $157 million from $1,999 million to $2,156 million primarily due to new attractions at our domestic parks and resorts and hong kong disneyland resort.
impairment of equity investment and restructuring and impairment charges the company recorded charges of $53 million, $9 million and $17 million related to parks and resorts for fiscal years 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively, which are excluded from parks and resorts segment operating income. the charge in fiscal 2018 was for an impairment of our equity investment in villages nature. the charges in fiscal 2017 and 2016 were for severance costs. the charge in fiscal 2018 was reported in "equity in the income (loss) of investees, net" in the consolidated statements of income. the charges in fiscal 2017 and 2016 were reported in "restructuring and impairment charges" in the consolidated statements of income.
studio entertainment operating results for the studio entertainment segment are as follows:
year ended           % changebetter /(worse)
revenues the increase in theatrical distribution revenue was due to the release of four marvel titles in the current year compared to two marvel titles in the prior year. the marvel titles in the current year were avengers: infinity war, black panther, thor: ragnarok and ant-man and the wasp, whereas the prior year included guardians of the galaxy vol. 2 and doctor strange. other significant titles in the current year included star wars: the last jedi, incredibles 2 and coco, while the prior year included beauty and the beast, rogue one: a star wars story, pirates of the caribbean: dead men tell no tales and moana.
lower home entertainment revenue reflected a 5% decrease from lower unit sales, partially offset by an increase of 3% from higher average net effective pricing. lower unit sales were driven by the success of moana and finding dory in the prior year compared to coco and cars 3 in the current year. the decrease was also driven by three live action titles in the prior year as compared to two live action titles in the current year and the carryover performance of fiscal 2016 new release titles in fiscal 2017 compared to the carryover performance of fiscal 2017 new release titles in fiscal 2018. these decreases were partially offset by the release of three marvel titles and two lucas titles in the current year compared to two marvel titles and one lucas
table of contents title in the prior year. the increase in average net effective pricing was due to higher rates and a higher sales mix of blu-ray discs, partially offset by a lower mix of new release titles.
tv/svod distribution and other revenue reflected a 4% increase from tv/svod distribution and a 3% increase from stage plays. the increase in tv/svod distribution revenue was due to an increase in our free television business driven by new international agreements and the sale of star wars: the force awakens in the current year with no comparable title in the prior year. higher stage play revenue was due to the opening of additional productions in the current year.
costs and expenses operating expenses include film cost amortization, which increased $564 million, from $2,474 million to $3,038 million and cost of goods sold and distribution costs, which increased $95 million, from $1,193 million to $1,288 million. higher film cost amortization was due to the impact of higher theatrical distribution revenues. higher cost of goods sold and distribution costs were due to an increase in stage plays production and theatrical distribution costs.
selling, general, administrative and other costs increased $320 million from $2,242 million to $2,562 million primarily due to higher theatrical marketing costs reflecting more titles released in the current year and, to a lesser extent, higher stage play marketing costs due to additional productions in the current year.
consumer products & interactive media operating results for the consumer products & interactive media segment are as follows:
year ended          % changebetter /(worse)
equity in the income of investees                          -            1                                       -   %
the increase in retail and other revenue was due to lower online advertising revenue share with the media networks and studio entertainment segments, an increase in sponsorship revenue and a favorable fx impact. these increases were largely offset by a decrease in online advertising revenue and lower retail and wholesale distribution sales. the decrease in retail sales was due to lower comparable store sales, partially offset by an increase in online retail revenue. lower comparable retail store sales reflected decreased sales of star wars and moana merchandise in the current year, partially offset by higher sales of mickey and minnie merchandise.
costs and expenses operating expenses included a $46 million decrease in cost of goods sold and distribution costs, from $1,091 million to $1,045 million, a $33 million increase in other operating expenses, from $591 million to $624 million, and a $9 million decrease in product development expense, from $222 million to $213 million. the decrease in cost of goods sold and distribution costs was driven by lower royalty expense and the decrease in retail and wholesale sales, partially offset by a lower cost share with the media networks and studio entertainment segments related to online advertising. the increase in other operating expenses, which include occupancy costs, labor at our retail stores and other direct costs, was driven by an unfavorable fx impact. lower product development expense was due to fewer games in development.
table of contents selling, general, administrative and other costs decreased $62 million from $1,007 million to $945 million primarily due to lower costs at our games business.
segment operating income segment operating income decreased 6%, or $112 million, to $1.6 billion due to lower results at our merchandise licensing and retail businesses.
restructuring and impairment charges the company recorded charges of $17 million, $8 million and $143 million related to consumer products & interactive media for fiscal years 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively, which are excluded from consumer products & interactive media segment operating income. the charges in fiscal years 2018 and 2017 included severance costs that were reported in "restructuring and impairment charges" in the consolidated statements of income. charges in fiscal 2016 included the infinity charge of $129 million, which was reported in "cost of products" in the consolidated statement of income, and $14 million of severance costs, which were reported in "restructuring and impairment charges" in the consolidated statements of income.
business segment results - 2017 vs. 2016
media networks operating results for the media networks segment are as follows:
year ended          % changebetter /(worse)
equity in the income of investees                        344            597                                (42   )%
the decrease in advertising revenues was due to decreases of $192 million at broadcasting, from $4,058 million to $3,866 million and $188 million at cable networks, from $4,451 million to $4,263 million. the decrease at broadcasting was due to decreases of 8% from lower network impressions and 1% from the absence of the emmy awards show, partially offset by an increase of 6% from higher network rates. the decrease at cable networks was due to a decrease of 6% from lower impressions, partially offset by an increase of 3% from higher rates. the decrease in impressions at cable networks and broadcasting was due to lower average viewership.
costs and expenses operating expenses include programming and production costs, which increased $559 million from $12,363 million to $12,922 million. at cable networks, programming and production costs increased $636 million due to rate increases for nba and, to a lesser extent, nfl and college sports programming. at broadcasting, programming and production costs decreased $77 million due to lower program sales.
table of contents selling, general, administrative and other costs decreased $58 million from $2,705 million to $2,647 million due to lower marketing costs at cable networks and a favorable fx impact.
the decrease in depreciation and amortization was driven by lower depreciation for broadcasting equipment.
equity in the income of investees income from equity investees decreased $253 million from $597 million to $344 million due to higher losses from our investments in bamtech and hulu. bamtech results reflected a valuation adjustment to sports programming rights that were prepaid prior to our acquisition of bamtech and increased costs for technology platform investments. the decrease at hulu was due to higher programming, distribution, marketing and labor costs, partially offset by growth in advertising and subscription revenues.
segment operating income segment operating income decreased 11%, or $853 million, to $6,902 million due to a decrease at espn and lower income from equity investees.
the following table provides supplemental revenue and operating income detail for the media networks segment:
year ended          % changebetter /(worse)
revenues cable networks                              $16,527                      $16,632                   (1   )%
segment operating income cable networks                               $5,353                       $5,965                  (10   )%
equity in the income of investees               344            597                                (42   )%
parks and resorts operating results for the parks and resorts segment are as follows:
year ended            % changebetter /(worse)
equity in the loss of investees                          (25        )                  (3       )       &gt;(100        )%
revenue growth of 4% at our domestic operations was primarily due to an increase of 3% from higher average guest spending due to an increase in average ticket prices for admissions to our theme parks and for sailings at our cruise line, as well as higher food and beverage spending and average hotel room rates. domestic volumes were comparable to fiscal year 2016 as increased attendance at walt disney world resort was largely offset by lower occupied room nights at walt disney world resort and disneyland resort. at walt disney world resort, available hotel room nights decreased due to refurbishments and conversions to vacation club units.
per capita guest spending               2   %                       7   %                     (1   )%                       6   %                     (1   )%                     7   %
(1)   per room guest spending consists of the average daily hotel room rate as well as guest spending on food, beverage and merchandise at the hotels. hotel statistics include rentals of disney vacation club units.
(2)   per capita guest spending growth rate is stated on a constant currency basis. per room guest spending is stated at the fiscal 2016 average foreign exchange rate.
costs and expenses operating expenses include operating labor, which increased $281 million from $4,709 million to $4,990 million, infrastructure costs, which increased $131 million from $1,934 million to $2,065 million and cost of sales, which increased $120 million from $1,536 million to $1,656 million. the increase in operating labor was primarily due to inflation and a full year of operations at shanghai disney resort. higher infrastructure costs were driven by a full year of operations at shanghai disney resort. the increase in cost of sales was due to a full year of operations at shanghai disney resort, inflation and higher volumes. other operating expenses, which include costs for items such as supplies, commissions and entertainment, increased due to new guest offerings and a full year of operations at shanghai disney resort.
selling, general, administrative and other costs increased $37 million from $1,913 million to $1,950 million due to higher domestic marketing spend, partially offset by lower marketing spend for shanghai disney resort.
depreciation and amortization increased $278 million from $1,721 million to $1,999 million primarily due to a full year of operations at shanghai disney resort and depreciation associated with new attractions at our domestic parks and resorts.
equity in the loss of investees loss from equity investees increased $22 million to $25 million due to a higher operating loss from disneyland paris' 50% joint venture interest in villages nature.
table of contents studio entertainment operating results for the studio entertainment segment are as follows:
year ended           % changebetter /(worse)
revenues the decrease in theatrical distribution revenue was primarily due to the comparison of star wars: the force awakens and two pixar titles in release in fiscal year 2016 compared to rogue one: a star wars story and one pixar title in release in fiscal year 2017. these decreases were partially offset by the performance of beauty and the beast and two marvel titles in fiscal year 2017 compared to the jungle book and one marvel title in fiscal year 2016. other significant titles in fiscal year 2017 included moana and pirates of the caribbean: dead men tell no tales, while fiscal year 2016 included zootopia and alice through the looking glass.
lower home entertainment revenue was due to a decrease of 16% from a decline in unit sales driven by lower sales of star wars classic titles and the performance of rogue one: a star wars story in fiscal year 2017 compared to the strong performance of star wars: the force awakens in fiscal year 2016. fiscal year 2017 also included the release of one pixar title, compared to two pixar titles in fiscal year 2016. these decreases were partially offset by the success of moana, beauty and the beast and guardians of the galaxy vol. 2 in fiscal year 2017 compared to zootopia, captain america: civil war and the jungle book in fiscal year 2016.
tv/svod distribution and other revenue was flat as increases of 5% from tv/svod distribution, 1% from stage plays and 1% from lucasfilm's special effects business were offset by a decrease of 7% from lower revenue share with the consumer products & interactive media segment. the increase in tv/svod distribution revenue was due to international growth and higher domestic rates, partially offset by a decrease due to a domestic sale of star wars classic titles in fiscal year 2016. higher stage play revenue was driven by new productions opening in fiscal year 2017, while higher revenue from lucasfilm's special effects business was driven by more projects in fiscal year 2017. lower revenue share with the consumer products & interactive media segment was due to the stronger performance of merchandise based on star wars: the force awakens and frozen in fiscal year 2016, partially offset by cars merchandise in fiscal year 2017.
costs and expenses operating expenses include film cost amortization, which decreased $149 million, from $2,623 million to $2,474 million and cost of goods sold and distribution costs, which decreased $175 million, from $1,368 million to $1,193 million. lower film cost amortization was due to the impact of lower revenues, partially offset by a higher average amortization rate in fiscal year 2017. lower cost of goods sold and distribution costs were primarily due to a decrease in theatrical distribution costs and a decline in home entertainment unit sales.
selling, general, administrative and other costs decreased $380 million from $2,622 million to $2,242 million primarily due to lower theatrical marketing costs reflecting more titles released in fiscal year 2016, which also included the release of two dreamworks titles, pete's dragon and the finest hours.
segment operating income segment operating income decreased 13%, or $348 million to $2,355 million due to a decrease in theatrical distribution results, lower revenue share with the consumer products & interactive media segment and a decrease in home entertainment results. these decreases were partially offset by growth in tv/svod distribution.
table of contents consumer products & interactive media operating results for the consumer products & interactive media segment are as follows:
year ended           % changebetter /(worse)
equity in the income of investees                          1                            -                    nm operating income                                      $1,744                       $1,965                   (11   )%
revenues the decrease in licensing, publishing and games revenue was due to decreases of 8% from our games business, 6% from our merchandise licensing business and 2% from our publishing business. lower games revenue was due to the discontinuation of infinity in fiscal year 2016 and decreased licensing revenue from star wars: battlefront. the decrease at our merchandise licensing business was due to lower revenue in fiscal year 2017 from merchandise based on star wars and frozen and an unfavorable fx impact, partially offset by a benefit from licensee settlements and higher revenue from merchandise based on cars. the decrease at our publishing business was primarily due to lower sales of licensed and self-published books based on star wars and frozen and a decrease in sales of comic books based on star wars.
the decrease in retail and other revenue was due to a decrease of 9% from our retail business driven by lower comparable store and online sales in our key markets, reflecting higher sales of frozen and star wars merchandise in fiscal year 2016, partially offset by sales of moana merchandise in fiscal year 2017.
costs and expenses operating expenses included a $249 million decrease in cost of goods sold and distribution costs, from $1,340 million to $1,091 million, a $2 million increase in labor and occupancy costs, from $539 million to $541 million, and a $96 million decrease in product development expense, from $318 million to $222 million. the decrease in cost of goods sold and distribution costs was due to the discontinuation of infinity, lower retail sales and the decrease in sales of books and comics. lower product development expense was primarily due to the discontinuation of infinity and fewer mobile games in development.
selling, general, administrative and other costs decreased $118 million from $1,125 million to $1,007 million primarily due to the discontinuation of infinity and a favorable fx impact. the discontinuation of infinity resulted in lower marketing costs.
segment operating income segment operating income decreased 11%, or $221 million, to $1.7 billion due to lower results at our merchandise licensing, retail and publishing businesses, partially offset by an improvement at our games business.
% change better/(worse)
corporate and unallocated shared expenses in fiscal 2018 increased $179 million to $761 million from $582 million in fiscal 2017 primarily due to costs related to the 21cf acquisition and higher compensation costs. corporate and unallocated shared expenses in fiscal 2017 decreased $58 million to $582 million from $640 million in fiscal 2016 due to lower compensation costs, partially offset by higher charitable contributions.
impact of u.s. federal income tax reform as discussed in note 9 to the consolidated financial statements, the tax act resulted in the following impacts to the company (the amounts recorded in fiscal 2018 are provisional and will be finalized during the first quarter of fiscal 2019):
•   the company's federal statutory income tax rate was reduced from 35.0% to 24.5% for fiscal 2018 and to 21.0% for following years.
•   for the year ended september 29, 2018, the company recognized a net benefit of $1.7 billion, which reflected a $2.1 billion benefit from the deferred remeasurement, partially offset by a charge of $0.4 billion for the deemed repatriation tax.
•   generally, there will no longer be a u.s. federal income tax cost on the repatriation of foreign earnings.
•   the company will generally be eligible to claim an immediate deduction for investments in qualified fixed assets acquired and film and television productions that commenced after september 27, 2017 and are placed in service during fiscal 2018 through fiscal 2022. this provision phases out through fiscal 2027.
•   certain provisions of the act are not effective for the company until fiscal 2019 including:
•   the elimination of the domestic production activities deduction.
•   the taxation of certain foreign derived income in the u.s. at an effective rate of approximately 13% (which increases to approximately 16% in 2025) rather than the general statutory rate of 21%.
•   a minimum effective tax on certain foreign earnings of approximately 13%.
we are continuing to assess the impacts of these provisions to our fiscal 2019 effective income tax rate.
•   we expect a cash tax benefit similar to the reduction in the statutory rate, as well as a benefit from the immediate deduction for investments in qualified fixed assets and film and television productions.
the u.s. treasury and other tax authorities continue to issue guidance impacting the application of the tax act on the company, and accordingly, our analysis of the impact of the tax act is not final.
significant developments during fiscal 2018, the company launched espn+ and continued the development of disney+, which is scheduled to launch in the u.s. in late 2019. as we intend to use certain of our film and television content on the disney+ service, in the short term we expect to forgo certain licensing revenue from the sale of this content to third parties. in addition, we anticipate an increase in programming and production investments to create exclusive content for the dtc services.
in fiscal 2018, the company announced a strategic reorganization of its businesses into the following operating segments: the newly-formed direct-to-consumer and international segment; the combined parks, experiences and consumer products segment; media networks; and studio entertainment. the company is in the process of modifying internal reporting processes and systems to accommodate the new structure and will report under the new segment structure in fiscal 2019. the chief operating decision maker received information and assessed performance during 2018 based on historic operating segments.
table of contents liquidity and capital resources the change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash is as follows:
cash used in investing activities                                               (5,336   )          (4,111   )          (5,758   )
cash used in financing activities                                               (8,843   )          (8,959   )          (7,220   )
impact of exchange rates on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash             (25   )              31                (123   )
change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash                               $91               $(696   )             $35
operating activities cash provided by operating activities for fiscal 2018 increased 16% or $2.0 billion to $14.3 billion compared to fiscal 2017 due to a decrease in tax payments resulting from the tax act, a decrease in pension plan contributions and higher operating cash flows at studio entertainment and parks and resorts, partially offset by lower operating cash flow at media networks and a payment for the rights to develop a real estate property in new york. the increase in operating cash flow at studio entertainment was due to higher operating cash receipts driven by an increase in revenue, partially offset by higher operating cash disbursements driven by higher marketing expenses. parks and resorts cash flow reflected higher operating cash receipts due to increased revenue, partially offset by higher spending on labor and other costs. lower operating cash flow at media networks was due to higher television production spending.
cash provided by operating activities for fiscal 2017 decreased 6% or $0.8 billion to $12.3 billion compared to fiscal 2016 due to a decrease in operating cash flow at studio entertainment and an increase in pension plan contributions, partially offset by higher operating cash flow at parks and resorts and lower tax payments. the decrease in operating cash flow at studio entertainment was due to lower operating cash receipts driven by a decrease in revenue and higher film production spending. parks and resorts cash flow reflected higher operating cash receipts due to increased revenues, partially offset by higher payments for labor and other costs.
media networks cable networks                                       $172                $137                $147
total media networks                                  264                 225                 237
consumer products &amp; interactive media              69                  63                  63
amortization of intangible assets is as follows:
media networks                                      $62               $12               $18
consumer products &amp; interactive media           123               116               112
total amortization of intangible assets            $253              $196              $207
table of contents film and television costs the company's studio entertainment and media networks segments incur costs to acquire and produce feature film and television programming. film and television production costs include all internally produced content such as live-action and animated feature films, animated direct-to-video programming, television series, television specials, theatrical stage plays or other similar product. programming costs include film or television product licensed for a specific period from third parties for airing on the company's broadcast, cable networks and television stations. programming assets are generally recorded when the programming becomes available to us with a corresponding increase in programming liabilities. accordingly, we analyze our programming assets net of the related liability.
the company's film and television production and programming activity for fiscal years 2018, 2017 and 2016 are as follows:
production and programming assets                                      $8,759              $7,547              $7,353
programming liabilities                                                (1,106   )          (1,063   )            (989   )
change in film and television production andprogramming costs             523               1,075                 101
other non-cash activity                                                  (152   )              94                  19
production and programming assets                                       9,202               8,759               7,547
programming liabilities                                                (1,178   )          (1,106   )          (1,063   )
investing activities investing activities consist principally of investments in parks, resorts and other property and acquisition and divestiture activity. the company's investments in parks, resorts and other property for fiscal years 2018, 2017 and 2016 are as follows:
media networks cable networks                                       $202                 $75                 $86
consumer products &amp; interactive media              18                  30                  53
capital expenditures for the parks and resorts segment are principally for theme park and resort expansion, new attractions, cruise ships, capital improvements and systems infrastructure. the increase at our domestic parks and resorts in fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017 was due to spending on new attractions at walt disney world resort and disneyland
table of contents resort, while the increase in fiscal 2017 compared to fiscal 2016 was due to spending on new attractions at disneyland resort. the decrease in capital expenditures at our international parks and resorts in fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2017 compared to fiscal 2016 was due to lower spending at shanghai disney resort and hong kong disneyland resort.
capital expenditures at media networks primarily reflect investments in facilities and equipment for expanding and upgrading broadcast centers, production facilities and television station facilities. the increase at cable networks in fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017 was due to spending at bamtech.
capital expenditures at corporate primarily reflect investments in corporate facilities, information technology infrastructure and equipment.
the company currently expects its fiscal 2019 capital expenditures will be approximately $1 billion higher than fiscal 2018 capital expenditures of $4.5 billion due to increased investments at our domestic and international parks and resorts.
other investing activities the fiscal 2018 spending of $1.6 billion on acquisitions was for the september 2017 acquisition of bamtech. cash provided by other investing activities of $710 million reflected $1.2 billion of cash received in connection with the sales of real estate and property rights, partially offset by contributions of $442 million to a joint venture.
the fiscal 2017 spending of $417 million on acquisitions was for the january 2017 acquisition of additional interests in bamtech for $557 million, partially offset by $140 million of cash assumed upon the consolidation of bamtech. cash used in other investing activities of $71 million reflected $266 million of contributions to joint ventures and investment purchases, partially offset by $173 million of proceeds from investment dispositions.
the fiscal 2016 spending of $850 million on acquisitions was for a 15% interest in bamtech and an 11% interest in vice. cash used in other investing activities of $135 million reflected $109 million of contributions to joint ventures and investment purchases and $74 million in premiums paid for foreign currency option contracts in connection with our commitment to acquire two new cruise ships.
financing activities cash used in financing activities was $8.8 billion in fiscal 2018 compared to $9.0 billion in fiscal 2017. the net use of cash in the current year was due to $3.6 billion of common stock repurchases, $2.5 billion in dividends and a net repayment of borrowings of $2.6 billion. cash used in financing activities was comparable to fiscal 2017 as lower common stock repurchases ($3.6 billion in fiscal 2018 compared to $9.4 billion in fiscal 2017) and higher contributions from noncontrolling interest holders of $0.4 billion was essentially offset by a net repayment of borrowings in the current year compared to a net increase in borrowings in the prior year ($2.6 billion decrease in fiscal 2018 compared to $3.7 billion increase in fiscal 2017).
cash used in financing activities was $9.0 billion in fiscal 2017 compared to $7.2 billion in fiscal 2016. the net use of cash in fiscal 2017 was due to $9.4 billion of common stock repurchases, $2.4 billion in dividends and $0.8 billion in payments to noncontrolling interest holders, partially offset by net borrowings of $3.7 billion. the increase in cash used in financing activities in fiscal 2017 compared to fiscal 2016 was due to higher common stock repurchases ($9.4 billion in fiscal 2017 compared to $7.5 billion in fiscal 2016).
table of contents during the year ended september 29, 2018, the company's borrowing activity was as follows:
(in millions)                                                                        september 30, 2017   borrowings        payments              otheractivity                  september 29, 2018
commercial paper with original maturities less than three months, net (1)               $1,151            $-                $(1,099       )       $(2           )                      $50
commercial paper with original maturities greater than three months                      1,621            8,079             (8,748        )                 3                          955
bamtech acquisition payable                                                              1,581            -                 (1,581        )       -                                      -
foreign currency denominated debt and other (2)                             72                            1,056             (71           )       (275          )                      782
(2)   the other activity is due to market value adjustments for debt with qualifying hedges.
see note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding the company's bank facilities. the company may use commercial paper borrowings up to the amount of its unused bank facilities, in conjunction with term debt issuance and operating cash flow, to retire or refinance other borrowings before or as they come due.
see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for a summary of the company's dividends and share repurchases in fiscal 2018, 2017 and 2016.
we believe that the company's financial condition is strong and that its cash balances, other liquid assets, operating cash flows, access to debt and equity capital markets and borrowing capacity, taken together, provide adequate resources to fund the cash consideration in the pending acquisition of 21cf, ongoing operating requirements and future capital expenditures related to the expansion of existing businesses and development of new projects. however, the company's operating cash flow and access to the capital markets can be impacted by macroeconomic factors outside of its control. in addition to macroeconomic factors, the company's borrowing costs can be impacted by short- and long-term debt ratings assigned by nationally recognized rating agencies, which are based, in significant part, on the company's performance as measured by certain credit metrics such as interest coverage and leverage ratios. as of september 29, 2018, moody's investors service's long- and short-term debt ratings for the company were a2 and p-1, respectively, standard and poor's long- and short-term debt ratings for the company were a+ and a-1, and fitch's long- and short-term debt ratings for the company were a and f1, respectively. each of moody's investors service, standard and poor's and fitch had placed the company's long- and short-term debt ratings on review for downgrade as a result of the pending acquisition of 21cf. on october 8, 2018, moody's investor service affirmed the company's long- and short-term debt ratings of a2 and p-1, respectively, following its review of the impact of the acquisition. the company currently expects standard and poor's and fitch to finalize its review of the company's debt ratings upon closing of the acquisition and one or more of the agencies may downgrade our long and short-term debt ratings. should a downgrade occur, we do not anticipate that it would impact our ability to fund ongoing operating requirements and future capital expenditures. the company's bank facilities contain only one financial covenant, relating to interest coverage, which the company met on september 29, 2018, by a significant margin. the company's bank facilities also specifically exclude certain entities, including the asia theme parks, from any representations, covenants or events of default.
contractual obligations, commitments and off balance sheet arrangements the company has various contractual obligations, which are recorded as liabilities in our consolidated financial statements. other items, such as certain purchase commitments and other executory contracts are not recognized as liabilities in our consolidated financial statements but are required to be disclosed in the footnotes to the financial statements. for example, the company is contractually committed to acquire broadcast programming and make certain minimum lease payments for the use of property under operating lease agreements.
the following table summarizes our significant contractual obligations and commitments on an undiscounted basis at september 29, 2018 and the future periods in which such obligations are expected to be settled in cash. in addition, the table reflects the timing of principal and interest payments on outstanding borrowings based on their contractual maturities.
table of contents additional details regarding these obligations are provided in the notes to the consolidated financial statements, as referenced in the table:
operating lease commitments (note 14)                              3,584                     681                   1,041                  642                    1,220
capital lease obligations (note 14)                        540                                24                      40                   34                      442
sports programming commitments (note 14)                          42,536                   6,835                  14,216                9,291                   12,194
broadcast programming commitments (note 14)                        2,077                     505                     536                  389                      647
total sports and other broadcast programming commitments          44,613                   7,340                  14,752                9,680                   12,841
(1)   excludes market value adjustments, which reduce recorded borrowings by $304 million. includes interest payments based on contractual terms for fixed rate debt and on current interest rates for variable rate debt. in 2023, the company has the ability to call a debt instrument prior to its scheduled maturity, which if exercised by the company would reduce future interest payments by $1.0 billion.
(2)   other commitments primarily comprise contracts for the construction of three new cruise ships, creative talent and employment agreements and unrecognized tax benefits. creative talent and employment agreements include obligations to actors, producers, sports, television and radio personalities and executives.
(3)   contractual commitments include the following:
liabilities recorded on the balance sheet         $21,991
commitments not recorded on the balance sheet      62,280
the company also has obligations with respect to its pension and postretirement medical benefit plans. see note 10 to the consolidated financial statements.
contingent commitments and contractual guarantees see notes 3, 6 and 14 to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding the company's contingent commitments and contractual guarantees.
legal and tax matters as disclosed in notes 9 and 14 to the consolidated financial statements, the company has exposure for certain tax and legal matters.
critical accounting policies and estimates we believe that the application of the following accounting policies, which are important to our financial position and results of operations require significant judgments and estimates on the part of management. for a summary of our significant accounting policies, including the accounting policies discussed below, see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements.
film and television revenues and costs we expense film and television production, participation and residual costs over the applicable product life cycle based upon the ratio of the current period's revenues to the estimated remaining total revenues (ultimate revenues) for each production. if our estimate of ultimate revenues decreases, amortization of film and television costs may be accelerated. conversely, if our estimate of ultimate revenues increases, film and television cost amortization may be slowed. for film productions, ultimate revenues include revenues from all sources that will be earned within ten years from the date of the initial theatrical release. for television series, ultimate revenues include revenues that will be earned within ten years from delivery of the first episode, or if still in production, five years from delivery of the most recent episode, if later.
with respect to films intended for theatrical release, the most sensitive factor affecting our estimate of ultimate revenues (and therefore affecting future film cost amortization and/or impairment) is theatrical performance. revenues derived from
table of contents other markets subsequent to the theatrical release (e.g., the home entertainment or television markets) have historically been highly correlated with the theatrical performance. theatrical performance varies primarily based upon the public interest and demand for a particular film, the popularity of competing films at the time of release and the level of marketing effort. upon a film's release and determination of the theatrical performance, the company's estimates of revenues from succeeding windows and markets are revised based on historical relationships and an analysis of current market trends. the most sensitive factor affecting our estimate of ultimate revenues for released films is the level of expected home entertainment sales. home entertainment sales vary based on the number and quality of competing home entertainment products, as well as the manner in which retailers market and price our products.
with respect to television series or other television productions intended for broadcast, the most sensitive factors affecting estimates of ultimate revenues are program ratings and the strength of the advertising market. program ratings, which are an indication of market acceptance, directly affect the company's ability to generate advertising revenues during the airing of the program. in addition, television series with greater market acceptance are more likely to generate incremental revenues through the licensing of program rights worldwide to television distributors, svod services and in home entertainment formats. alternatively, poor ratings may result in cancellation of the program, which would require an immediate write-down of any unamortized production costs. a significant decline in the advertising market would also negatively impact our estimates.
we expense the cost of television broadcast rights for acquired series, movies and other programs based on the number of times the program is expected to be aired or on a straight-line basis over the useful life, as appropriate. amortization of those television programming assets being amortized on a number of airings basis may be accelerated if we reduce the estimated future airings and slowed if we increase the estimated future airings. the number of future airings of a particular program is impacted primarily by the program's ratings in previous airings, expected advertising rates and availability and quality of alternative programming. accordingly, planned usage is reviewed periodically and revised if necessary. we amortize rights costs for multi-year sports programming arrangements during the applicable seasons based on the estimated relative value of each year in the arrangement. the estimated value of each year is based on our projections of revenues over the contract period, which include advertising revenue and an allocation of affiliate revenue. if the annual contractual payments related to each season approximate each season's estimated relative value, we expense the related contractual payments during the applicable season. if planned usage patterns or estimated relative values by year were to change significantly, amortization of our sports rights costs may be accelerated or slowed.
costs of film and television productions are subject to regular recoverability assessments, which compare the estimated fair values with the unamortized costs. the net realizable values of television broadcast program licenses and rights are reviewed using a daypart methodology. a daypart is defined as an aggregation of programs broadcast during a particular time of day or programs of a similar type. the company's dayparts are: primetime, daytime, late night, news and sports (includes broadcast and cable networks). the net realizable values of other cable programming assets are reviewed on an aggregated basis for each cable network. individual programs are written off when there are no plans to air or sublicense the program. estimated values are based upon assumptions about future demand and market conditions. if actual demand or market conditions are less favorable than our projections, film, television and programming cost write-downs may be required.
revenue recognition the company has revenue recognition policies for its various operating segments that are appropriate to the circumstances of each business. see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for a summary of these revenue recognition policies.
we reduce home entertainment revenues for estimated future returns of merchandise and for customer programs and sales incentives. these estimates are based upon historical return experience, current economic trends and projections of customer demand for and acceptance of our products. if we underestimate the level of returns or sales incentives in a particular period, we may record less revenue in later periods when returns or sales incentives exceed the estimated amount. conversely, if we overestimate the level of returns or sales incentives for a period, we may have additional revenue in later periods when returns or sales incentives are less than estimated.
pension and postretirement medical plan actuarial assumptions the company's pension and postretirement medical benefit obligations and related costs are calculated using a number of actuarial assumptions. two critical assumptions, the discount rate and the expected return on plan assets, are important elements of expense and/or liability measurement, which we evaluate annually. other assumptions include the healthcare cost trend rate and employee demographic factors such as retirement patterns, mortality, turnover and rate of compensation increase.
the discount rate enables us to state expected future cash payments for benefits as a present value on the measurement date. a lower discount rate increases the present value of benefit obligations and increases pension expense. the guideline for
table of contents setting this rate is a high-quality long-term corporate bond rate. we increased our discount rate to 4.31% at the end of fiscal 2018 from 3.88% at the end of fiscal 2017 to reflect market interest rate conditions at our fiscal 2018 year end measurement date. the company's discount rate was determined by considering yield curves constructed of a large population of high-quality corporate bonds and reflects the matching of plans' liability cash flows to the yield curves. a one percentage point decrease in the assumed discount rate would increase total benefit expense for fiscal 2019 by approximately $241 million and would increase the projected benefit obligation at september 29, 2018 by approximately $2.7 billion. a one percentage point increase in the assumed discount rate would decrease total benefit expense and the projected benefit obligation by approximately $229 million and $2.3 billion, respectively.
to determine the expected long-term rate of return on the plan assets, we consider the current and expected asset allocation as well as historical and expected returns on each plan asset class. our expected return on plan assets is 7.50%. a lower expected rate of return on pension plan assets will increase pension expense, while a higher expected rate of return on pension plan assets will decrease pension expense. a one percentage point change in the long-term asset return assumption would impact fiscal 2019 annual benefit expense by approximately $135 million.
goodwill, other intangible assets, long-lived assets and investments the company is required to test goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis and if current events or circumstances require, on an interim basis. goodwill is allocated to various reporting units, which are an operating segment or one level below the operating segment. the company compares the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying amount, and to the extent the carrying amount exceeds the fair value, an impairment of goodwill is recognized for the excess up to the amount of goodwill allocated to the reporting unit.
to determine the fair value of our reporting units, we generally use a present value technique (discounted cash flows) corroborated by market multiples when available and as appropriate. we apply what we believe to be the most appropriate valuation methodology for each of our reporting units. the discounted cash flow analyses are sensitive to our estimates of future revenue growth and margins for these businesses. we include in the projected cash flows an estimate of the revenue we believe the reporting unit would receive if the intellectual property developed by the reporting unit that is being used by other reporting units was licensed to an unrelated third party at its fair market value. we believe our estimates of fair value are consistent with how a marketplace participant would value our reporting units.
in times of adverse economic conditions in the global economy, the company's long-term cash flow projections are subject to a greater degree of uncertainty than usual. if we had established different reporting units or utilized different valuation methodologies or assumptions, the impairment test results could differ, and we could be required to record impairment charges.
the company is required to compare the fair values of other indefinite-lived intangible assets to their carrying amounts. if the carrying amount of an indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized for the excess. fair values of other indefinite-lived intangible assets are determined based on discounted cash flows or appraised values, as appropriate.
the company tests long-lived assets, including amortizable intangible assets, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances (triggering events) indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. once a triggering event has occurred, the impairment test employed is based on whether the intent is to hold the asset for continued use or to hold the asset for sale. the impairment test for assets held for use requires a comparison of cash flows expected to be generated over the useful life of an asset group to the carrying value of the asset group. an asset group is established by identifying the lowest level of cash flows generated by a group of assets that are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and could include assets used across multiple businesses or segments. if the carrying value of an asset group exceeds the estimated undiscounted future cash flows, an impairment would be measured as the difference between the fair value of the group's long-lived assets and the carrying value of the group's long-lived assets. the impairment is allocated to the long-lived assets of the group on a pro rata basis using the relative carrying amounts, but only to the extent the carrying value of each asset is above its fair value. for assets held for sale, to the extent the carrying value is greater than the asset's fair value less costs to sell, an impairment loss is recognized for the difference. determining whether a long-lived asset is impaired requires various estimates and assumptions, including whether a triggering event has occurred, the identification of the asset groups, estimates of future cash flows and the discount rate used to determine fair values. if we had established different asset groups or utilized different valuation methodologies or assumptions, the impairment test results could differ, and we could be required to record impairment charges.
the company has cost and equity investments. the fair value of these investments is dependent on the performance of the investee companies as well as volatility inherent in the external markets for these investments. in assessing the potential impairment of these investments, we consider these factors as well as the forecasted financial performance of the investees and
table of contents market values, where available. if these forecasts are not met or market values indicate an other-than-temporary decline in value, impairment charges may be required.
the company tested its goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets, long-lived assets and investments for impairment and recorded non-cash impairment charges of $210 million, $22 million and $7 million in fiscal years 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. the fiscal 2018 impairment charges were recorded in "equity in the income (loss) of investees, net" in the consolidated statements of income. the fiscal 2017 and 2016 impairment charges were recorded in "restructuring and impairment charges" in the consolidated statements of income.
allowance for doubtful accounts we evaluate our allowance for doubtful accounts and estimate collectability of accounts receivable based on our analysis of historical bad debt experience in conjunction with our assessment of the financial condition of individual companies with which we do business. in times of domestic or global economic turmoil, our estimates and judgments with respect to the collectability of our receivables are subject to greater uncertainty than in more stable periods. if our estimate of uncollectible accounts is too low, costs and expenses may increase in future periods, and if it is too high, costs and expenses may decrease in future periods.
contingencies and litigation we are currently involved in certain legal proceedings and, as required, have accrued estimates of the probable and estimable losses for the resolution of these proceedings. these estimates are based upon an analysis of potential results, assuming a combination of litigation and settlement strategies and have been developed in consultation with outside counsel as appropriate. from time to time, we may also be involved in other contingent matters for which we have accrued estimates for a probable and estimable loss. it is possible, however, that future results of operations for any particular quarterly or annual period could be materially affected by changes in our assumptions or the effectiveness of our strategies related to legal proceedings or our assumptions regarding other contingent matters. see note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for more detailed information on litigation exposure.
income tax audits as a matter of course, the company is regularly audited by federal, state and foreign tax authorities. from time to time, these audits result in proposed assessments. our determinations regarding the recognition of income tax benefits are made in consultation with outside tax and legal counsel, where appropriate, and are based upon the technical merits of our tax positions in consideration of applicable tax statutes and related interpretations and precedents and upon the expected outcome of proceedings (or negotiations) with taxing and legal authorities. the tax benefits ultimately realized by the company may differ from those recognized in our future financial statements based on a number of factors, including the company's decision to settle rather than litigate a matter, relevant legal precedent related to similar matters and the company's success in supporting its filing positions with taxing authorities.
new accounting pronouncements see note 18 to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding new accounting pronouncements.
forward-looking statements the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 provides a safe harbor for forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of the company. we may from time to time make written or oral statements that are "forward-looking," including statements contained in this report and other filings with the sec and in reports to our shareholders. such statements may, for example, express expectations or projections about future actions that we may take, including restructuring or strategic initiatives, or about developments beyond our control including changes in domestic or global economic conditions. these statements are made on the basis of management's views and assumptions as of the time the statements are made and we undertake no obligation to update these statements. there can be no assurance, however, that our expectations will necessarily come to pass. significant factors affecting these expectations are set forth under item 1a - risk factors of this report on form 10-k.