item 1a. risk factorsin addition to other disclosures within this form 10-k, including "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - matters impacting future results" for each registrant in item 7, and other documents filed with the sec from time to time, the following factors should be considered in evaluating duke energy and its subsidiaries. such factors could affect actual results of operations and cause results to differ substantially from those currently expected or sought. unless otherwise indicated, risk factors discussed below generally relate to risks associated with all of the duke energy registrants. risks identified at the subsidiary registrant level are generally applicable to duke energy.
business strategy risks duke energy's future results could be adversely affected if it is unable to implement its business strategy.
duke energy's results of operations depend, in significant part, on the extent to which it can implement its business strategy successfully. duke energy's strategy, including transforming the customer experience, modernizing the energy grid, generating cleaner energy, expansion of natural gas infrastructure, modernizing the regulatory construct, digital transformation and engaging employees and stakeholders to accomplish these priorities, is subject to business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond its control. as a consequence, duke energy may not be able to fully implement or realize the anticipated results of its strategy.
risk factors regulatory, legislative and legal risks the duke energy registrants' regulated utility revenues, earnings and results are dependent on state legislation and regulation that affect electric generation, electric and natural gas transmission, distribution and related activities, which may limit their ability to recover costs.
the duke energy registrants' regulated electric and natural gas utility businesses are regulated on a cost-of-service/rate-of-return basis subject to statutes and regulatory commission rules and procedures of north carolina, south carolina, florida, ohio, tennessee, indiana and kentucky. if the duke energy registrants' regulated utility earnings exceed the returns established by the state utility commissions, retail electric and natural gas rates may be subject to review and possible reduction by the commissions, which may decrease the duke energy registrants' earnings. additionally, if regulatory bodies do not allow recovery of costs incurred in providing service, or do not do so on a timely basis, the duke energy registrants' earnings could be negatively impacted.
if legislative and regulatory structures were to evolve in such a way that the duke energy registrants' exclusive rights to serve their regulated customers were eroded, their earnings could be negatively impacted. federal and state regulations, laws and other efforts designed to promote and expand the use of energy efficiency measures and distributed generation technologies, such as private solar and battery storage, in duke energy service territories could result in customers leaving the electric distribution system and an increase in customer net energy metering, which allows customers with private solar to receive bill credits for surplus power at the full retail amount. over time, customer adoption of these technologies and increased energy efficiency could result in excess generation resources as well as stranded costs if duke energy is not able to fully recover the costs and investment in generation.
state regulators have approved various mechanisms to stabilize natural gas utility margins, including margin decoupling in north carolina and rate stabilization in south carolina. state regulators have approved other margin stabilizing mechanisms that, for example, allow for recovery of margin losses associated with negotiated transactions designed to retain large volume customers that could use alternative fuels or that may otherwise directly access natural gas supply through their own connection to an interstate pipeline. if regulators decided to discontinue the duke energy registrants' use of tariff mechanisms, it would negatively impact results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. in addition, regulatory authorities also review whether natural gas costs are prudent and can disallow the recovery of a portion of natural gas costs that the duke energy registrants seek to recover from customers, which would adversely impact earnings.
the rates that the duke energy registrants' regulated utility businesses are allowed to charge are established by state utility commissions in rate case proceedings, which may limit their ability to recover costs and earn an appropriate return on investment.
the rates that the duke energy registrants' regulated utility business are allowed to charge significantly influences the results of operations, financial position and cash flows of the duke energy registrants. the regulation of the rates that the regulated utility businesses charge customers is determined, in large part, by state utility commissions in rate case proceedings. negative decisions made by these regulators, or by any court on appeal of a rate case proceeding, could have a material adverse effect on the duke energy registrants' results of operations, financial position or cash flows and affect the ability of the duke energy registrants to recover costs and an appropriate return on the significant infrastructure investments being made.
deregulation or restructuring in the electric industry may result in increased competition and unrecovered costs that could adversely affect the duke energy registrants' financial position, results of operations or cash flows and their utility businesses.
increased competition resulting from deregulation or restructuring legislation could have a significant adverse impact on the duke energy registrants' results of operations, financial position or cash flows. if the retail jurisdictions served by the duke energy registrants become subject to deregulation, the impairment of assets, loss of retail customers, lower profit margins or increased costs of capital, and recovery of stranded costs could have a significant adverse financial impact on the duke energy registrants. stranded costs primarily include the generation assets of the duke energy registrants whose value in a competitive marketplace may be less than their current book value, as well as above-market purchased power commitments from qfs from whom the duke energy registrants are legally obligated to purchase energy at an avoided cost rate under purpa. the duke energy registrants cannot predict the extent and timing of entry by additional competitors into the electric markets. the duke energy registrants cannot predict if or when they will be subject to changes in legislation or regulation, nor can they predict the impact of these changes on their results of operations, financial position or cash flows.
the duke energy registrants are subject to regulations under a wide variety of u.s. federal and state regulations and policies, including by ferc, nrc, epa and various other federal agencies as well as the north american electric reliability corporation. regulation affects almost every aspect of the duke energy registrants' businesses, including, among other things, their ability to: take fundamental business management actions; determine the terms and rates of transmission and distribution services; make acquisitions; issue equity or debt securities; engage in transactions with other subsidiaries and affiliates; and pay dividends upstream to the duke energy registrants. changes to federal regulations are continuous and ongoing. there can be no assurance that laws, regulations and policies will not be changed in ways that result in material modifications of business models and objectives or affect returns on investment by restricting activities and products, subjecting them to escalating costs, causing delays, or prohibiting them outright.
risk factors the duke energy registrants are subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations requiring significant capital expenditures that can increase the cost of operations, and which may impact or limit business plans, or cause exposure to environmental liabilities.
the duke energy registrants are subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations affecting many aspects of their present and future operations, including ccrs, air emissions, water quality, wastewater discharges, solid waste and hazardous waste. these laws and regulations can result in increased capital, operating and other costs. these laws and regulations generally require the duke energy registrants to obtain and comply with a wide variety of environmental licenses, permits, inspections and other approvals. compliance with environmental laws and regulations can require significant expenditures, including expenditures for cleanup costs and damages arising from contaminated properties. failure to comply with environmental regulations may result in the imposition of fines, penalties and injunctive measures affecting operating assets. the steps the duke energy registrants could be required to take to ensure their facilities are in compliance could be prohibitively expensive. as a result, the duke energy registrants may be required to shut down or alter the operation of their facilities, which may cause the duke energy registrants to incur losses. further, the duke energy registrants may not be successful in recovering capital and operating costs incurred to comply with new environmental regulations through existing regulatory rate structures and their contracts with customers. also, the duke energy registrants may not be able to obtain or maintain from time to time all required environmental regulatory approvals for their operating assets or development projects. delays in obtaining any required environmental regulatory approvals, failure to obtain and comply with them or changes in environmental laws or regulations to more stringent compliance levels could result in additional costs of operation for existing facilities or development of new facilities being prevented, delayed or subject to additional costs. although it is not expected that the costs to comply with current environmental regulations will have a material adverse effect on the duke energy registrants' results of operations, financial position and cash flows due to regulatory cost recovery, the duke energy registrants are at risk that the costs of complying with environmental regulations in the future will have such an effect.
the epa has enacted or proposed federal regulations governing the management of cooling water intake structures, wastewater and co2 emissions. these regulations may require the duke energy registrants to make additional capital expenditures and increase operating and maintenance costs.
duke energy carolinas and duke energy progress are subject to the terms of probation set out in judgments of the united states district court for the eastern district of north carolina on may 14, 2015. the judgments are based on events and activities that took place prior to 2015. the terms of probation require the companies to comply with certain environmental regulatory obligations related to coal ash and subject the two companies to oversight by a court appointed monitor. if duke energy carolinas or duke energy progress failed to comply with certain coal ash-related environmental laws and regulations or otherwise violated the terms of probation, it could result in the imposition of additional penalties, including the revocation of probation and re-prosecution of the underlying violations. although it is not expected that the companies will violate the terms of probation or that additional material penalties would occur, a significant violation of probation could have a material adverse effect on the duke energy registrants' reputation, results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
the duke energy registrants' operations, capital expenditures and financial results may be affected by regulatory changes related to the impacts of global climate change.
there is continued concern, both nationally and internationally, about climate change. the epa and state regulators may adopt and implement regulations to restrict emissions of ghgs to address global climate change. increased regulation of ghg emissions could impose significant additional costs on the duke energy registrants' operations, their suppliers and customers. regulatory changes could also result in generation facilities to be retired early and result in stranded costs if duke energy is not able to fully recover the costs and investment in generation.
operational risks the duke energy registrants' results of operations may be negatively affected by overall market, economic and other conditions that are beyond their control.
sustained downturns or sluggishness in the economy generally affect the markets in which the duke energy registrants operate and negatively influence operations. declines in demand for electricity or natural gas as a result of economic downturns in the duke energy registrants' regulated service territories will reduce overall sales and lessen cash flows, especially as industrial customers reduce production and, therefore, consumption of electricity and the use of natural gas. although the duke energy registrants' regulated electric and natural gas businesses are subject to regulated allowable rates of return and recovery of certain costs, such as fuel and purchased natural gas costs, under periodic adjustment clauses, overall declines in electricity or natural gas sold as a result of economic downturn or recession could reduce revenues and cash flows, thereby diminishing results of operations. additionally, prolonged economic downturns that negatively impact the duke energy registrants' results of operations and cash flows could result in future material impairment charges to write-down the carrying value of certain assets, including goodwill, to their respective fair values.
the duke energy registrants also sell electricity into the spot market or other competitive power markets on a contractual basis. with respect to such transactions, the duke energy registrants are not guaranteed any rate of return on their capital investments through mandated rates, and revenues and results of operations are likely to depend, in large part, upon prevailing market prices. these market prices may fluctuate substantially over relatively short periods of time and could reduce the duke energy registrants' revenues and margins, thereby diminishing results of operations.
factors that could impact sales volumes, generation of electricity and market prices at which the duke energy registrants are able to sell electricity and natural gas are as follows:
•   weather conditions, including abnormally mild winter or summer weather that cause lower energy or natural gas usage for heating or cooling purposes, as applicable, and periods of low rainfall that decrease the ability to operate facilities in an economical manner;
•   supply of and demand for energy commodities;
•   availability of competitively priced alternative energy sources, which are preferred by some customers over electricity produced from coal, nuclear or natural gas plants, and customer usage of energy-efficient equipment that reduces energy demand;
•   ability to procure satisfactory levels of inventory, such as coal, natural gas and uranium; and
•   capacity and transmission service into, or out of, the duke energy registrants' markets.
natural disasters or other operational accidents within the company or industry (such as forest fires, earthquakes, hurricanes or natural gas transmission pipeline explosions) could have direct or indirect impacts to the duke energy registrants or to key contractors and suppliers. further, the generation of electricity and the transportation and storage of natural gas involve inherent operating risks that may result in accidents involving serious injury or loss of life, environmental damage or property damage. such events could impact the duke energy registrants through changes to policies, laws and regulations whose compliance costs have a significant impact on the duke energy registrants' results of operations, financial position and cash flows. in addition, if a serious operational accident were to occur, it could have a material adverse effect on the results of operations, financial position, cash flows and reputation of the duke energy registrants.
the reputation and financial condition of the duke energy registrants could be negatively impacted due to their obligations to comply with federal and state regulations, laws, and other legal requirements that govern the operations, assessments, storage, closure, remediation, disposal and monitoring relating to ccr, the high costs and new rate impacts associated with implementing these new ccr-related requirements and the strategies and methods necessary to implement these requirements in compliance with these legal obligations.
as a result of electricity produced for decades at coal-fired power plants, the duke energy registrants manage large amounts of ccr that are primarily stored in dry storage within landfills or combined with water in other surface impoundments, all in compliance with applicable regulatory requirements. however, the potential exists for another ccr-related incident, such as the one that occurred during the 2014 dan river steam station ash basin release, that could raise environmental or public health concerns. such a ccr-related incident could have a material adverse impact on the reputation and results of operations, financial position and cash flows of the duke energy registrants.
during 2015, epa regulations were enacted related to the management of ccr from power plants. these regulations classify ccr as nonhazardous waste under the rcra and apply to electric generating sites with new and existing landfills, new and existing surface impoundments, structural fills and ccr piles, and establishes requirements regarding landfill design, structural integrity design and assessment criteria for surface impoundments, groundwater monitoring, protection and remedial procedures and other operational and reporting procedures for the disposal and management of ccr. in addition to the federal regulations, ccr landfills and surface impoundments will continue to be independently regulated by existing state laws, regulations and permits, as well as additional legal requirements that may be imposed in the future. these federal and state laws, regulations and other legal requirements may require or result in additional expenditures, increased operating and maintenance costs and/or result in closure of certain power generating facilities, which could affect the results of operations, financial position and cash flows of the duke energy registrants. the duke energy registrants will continue to seek full cost recovery for expenditures through the normal ratemaking process with state and federal utility commissions, who permit recovery in rates of necessary and prudently incurred costs associated with the duke energy registrants' regulated operations, and through other wholesale contracts with terms that contemplate recovery of such costs, although there is no guarantee of full cost recovery. in addition, the timing for recovery of such costs could have a material adverse impact on duke energy's cash flows.
the duke energy registrants have recognized significant asset retirement obligations related to these ccr-related requirements. closure activities began in 2015 at the four sites specified as high priority by the coal ash act and at the w.s. lee steam station site in south carolina in connection with other legal requirements. excavation at these sites involves movement of large amounts of ccr materials to off-site locations for use as structural fill, to appropriate engineered off-site or on-site lined landfills or conversion of the ash for beneficial use. at other sites, preliminary planning and closure methods have been studied and factored into the estimated retirement and management costs. the coal ash act requires ccr surface impoundments in north carolina to be closed, with the closure method and timing based on a risk ranking classification determined by legislation or state regulators. additionally, the rcra required closure timing depends upon meeting or continuing to meet certain criteria. as the closure and ccr management work progresses and final closure plans and corrective action measures are developed and approved at each site, the scope and complexity of work and the amount of ccr material could be greater than estimates and could, therefore, materially increase compliance expenditures and rate impacts.
the duke energy registrants' financial position, results of operations and cash flows may be negatively affected by a lack of growth or slower growth in the number of customers, or decline in customer demand or number of customers.
growth in customer accounts and growth of customer usage each directly influence demand for electricity and natural gas and the need for additional power generation and delivery facilities. customer growth and customer usage are affected by a number of factors outside the control of the duke energy registrants, such as mandated energy efficiency measures, demand-side management goals, distributed generation resources and economic and demographic conditions, such as population changes, job and income growth, housing starts, new business formation and the overall level of economic activity.
certain regulatory and legislative bodies have introduced or are considering requirements and/or incentives to reduce energy consumption by certain dates. additionally, technological advances driven by federal laws mandating new levels of energy efficiency in end-use electric devices or other improvements in or applications of technology could lead to declines in per capita energy consumption.
advances in distributed generation technologies that produce power, including fuel cells, microturbines, wind turbines and solar cells, may reduce the cost of alternative methods of producing power to a level competitive with central power station electric production utilized by the duke energy registrants.
risk factors some or all of these factors could result in a lack of growth or decline in customer demand for electricity or number of customers and may cause the failure of the duke energy registrants to fully realize anticipated benefits from significant capital investments and expenditures, which could have a material adverse effect on their results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
the duke energy registrants' operating results may fluctuate on a seasonal and quarterly basis and can be negatively affected by changes in weather conditions and severe weather, including extreme weather conditions associated with climate change.
electric power generation and natural gas distribution are generally seasonal businesses. in most parts of the u.s., the demand for power peaks during the warmer summer months, with market prices also typically peaking at that time. in other areas, demand for power peaks during the winter. demand for natural gas peaks during the winter months. further, extreme weather conditions such as hurricanes, droughts, heat waves, winter storms and severe weather associated with climate change could cause these seasonal fluctuations to be more pronounced. as a result, the overall operating results of the duke energy registrants' businesses may fluctuate substantially on a seasonal and quarterly basis and thus make period-to-period comparison less relevant.
sustained severe drought conditions could impact generation by hydroelectric plants, as well as fossil and nuclear plant operations, as these facilities use water for cooling purposes and for the operation of environmental compliance equipment. furthermore, destruction caused by severe weather events, such as hurricanes, tornadoes, severe thunderstorms, snow and ice storms, can result in lost operating revenues due to outages, property damage, including downed transmission and distribution lines, and additional and unexpected expenses to mitigate storm damage. the cost of storm restoration efforts may not be fully recoverable through the regulatory process.
the duke energy registrants depend on transmission and distribution facilities owned and operated by utilities and other energy companies to deliver electricity sold to the wholesale market. the ferc's power transmission regulations require wholesale electric transmission services to be offered on an open-access, non-discriminatory basis. if transmission is disrupted, or if transmission capacity is inadequate, the duke energy registrants' ability to sell and deliver products may be hindered.
the different regional power markets have changing regulatory structures, which could affect growth and performance in these regions. in addition, the isos who oversee the transmission systems in regional power markets have imposed in the past, and may impose in the future, price limitations and other mechanisms to address volatility in the power markets. these types of price limitations and other mechanisms may adversely impact the profitability of the duke energy registrants' wholesale power marketing business.
in order to serve current or new natural gas customers or expand the service to existing customers, the duke energy registrants need to maintain, expand or upgrade distribution, transmission and/or storage infrastructure, including laying new pipeline and building compressor stations. duke energy registrants have made significant investments in a number of pipeline development projects, which are being operated and constructed by third-party joint venture partners. the duke energy registrants must rely on their third-party joint venture partners for proper construction management of the projects and are dependent upon contractors for the successful and timely completion of the projects. in addition, various factors, such as the inability to obtain required approval from local, state and/or federal regulatory and governmental bodies, public opposition to projects, adverse litigation rulings, inability to obtain adequate financing, competition for labor and materials, construction delays, cost overruns and the inability to negotiate acceptable agreements relating to rights of way, construction or other material development components, may prevent or delay the completion of projects or materially increase the cost of such projects, which could have a material adverse effect on the results of operations and financial position of duke energy.
the availability of adequate interstate pipeline transportation capacity and natural gas supply may decrease.
the duke energy registrants purchase almost all of their natural gas supply from interstate sources that must be transported to the applicable service territories. interstate pipeline companies transport the natural gas to the duke energy registrants' systems under firm service agreements that are designed to meet the requirements of their core markets. a significant disruption to interstate pipelines capacity or reduction in natural gas supply due to events including, but not limited to, operational failures or disruptions, hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, freeze off of natural gas wells, terrorist or cyberattacks or other acts of war or legislative or regulatory actions or requirements, including remediation related to integrity inspections, could reduce the normal interstate supply of natural gas and thereby reduce earnings. moreover, if additional natural gas infrastructure, including, but not limited to, exploration and drilling rigs and platforms, processing and gathering systems, off-shore pipelines, interstate pipelines and storage, cannot be built at a pace that meets demand, then growth opportunities could be limited and earnings negatively impacted.
fluctuations in commodity prices or availability may adversely affect various aspects of the duke energy registrants' operations as well as their financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
the duke energy registrants are exposed to the effects of market fluctuations in the price of natural gas, coal, fuel oil, nuclear fuel, electricity and other energy-related commodities as a result of their ownership of energy-related assets. fuel costs are recovered primarily through cost-recovery clauses, subject to the approval of state utility commissions.
risk factors additionally, the duke energy registrants are exposed to risk that counterparties will not be able to fulfill their obligations. disruption in the delivery of fuel, including disruptions as a result of, among other things, transportation delays, weather, labor relations, force majeure events or environmental regulations affecting any of these fuel suppliers, could limit the duke energy registrants' ability to operate their facilities. should counterparties fail to perform, the duke energy registrants might be forced to replace the underlying commitment at prevailing market prices possibly resulting in losses in addition to the amounts, if any, already paid to the counterparties.
certain of the duke energy registrants' hedge agreements may result in the receipt of, or posting of, collateral with counterparties, depending on the daily market-based calculation of financial exposure of the derivative positions. fluctuations in commodity prices that lead to the return of collateral received and/or the posting of collateral with counterparties could negatively impact liquidity. downgrades in the duke energy registrants' credit ratings could lead to additional collateral posting requirements. the duke energy registrants continually monitor derivative positions in relation to market price activity.
potential terrorist activities, or military or other actions, could adversely affect the duke energy registrants' businesses.
the continued threat of terrorism and the impact of retaliatory military and other action by the u.s. and its allies may lead to increased political, economic and financial market instability and volatility in prices for natural gas and oil, which may have material adverse effects in ways the duke energy registrants cannot predict at this time. in addition, future acts of terrorism and possible reprisals as a consequence of action by the u.s. and its allies could be directed against companies operating in the u.s. information technology systems, transmission and distribution and generation facilities such as nuclear plants could be potential targets of terrorist activities or harmful activities by individuals or groups that could have a material adverse effect on duke energy registrants' businesses. in particular, the duke energy registrants may experience increased capital and operating costs to implement increased security for their information technology systems, transmission and distribution and generation facilities, including nuclear power plants under the nrc's design basis threat requirements. these increased costs could include additional physical plant security and security personnel or additional capability following a terrorist incident.
duke energy's operations are dependent upon the proper functioning of its internal systems, including the information technology systems that support our underlying business processes. any significant failure or malfunction of such information technology systems may result in disruptions of our operations. in the ordinary course of business, we rely on information technology systems, including the internet and third-party hosted services, to support a variety of business processes and activities and to store sensitive data, including (i) intellectual property, (ii) proprietary business information, (iii) personally identifiable information of our customers and employees, and (iv) data with respect to invoicing and the collection of payments, accounting, procurement, and supply chain activities. our information technology systems are dependent upon global communications and cloud service providers, as well as their respective vendors, many of whom have at some point experienced significant system failures and outages in the past and may experience such failures and outages in the future. these providers' systems are susceptible to cybersecurity and data breaches, outages from fire, floods, power loss, telecommunications failures, break-ins and similar events. failure to prevent or mitigate data loss from system failures or outages could materially affect the results of operations, financial position and cash flows of the duke energy registrants.
in addition to maintaining our current information technology systems, duke energy believes the digital transformation of its business is key to driving internal efficiencies as well as providing additional capabilities to customers. duke energy's information technology systems are critical to cost-effective, reliable daily operations and our ability to effectively serve our customers. we expect our customers to continue to demand more sophisticated technology-driven solutions and we must enhance or replace our information technology systems in response. this involves significant development and implementation costs to keep pace with changing technologies and customer demand. if we fail to successfully implement critical technology, or if it does not provide the anticipated benefits or meet customer demands, such failure could materially adversely affect our business strategy as well as impact the results of operations, financial position and cash flows of the duke energy registrants.
risk factors cyberattacks and data security breaches could adversely affect the duke energy registrants' businesses.
cybersecurity risks have increased in recent years as a result of the proliferation of new technologies and the increased sophistication, magnitude and frequency of cyberattacks and data security breaches. duke energy relies on the continued operation of sophisticated digital information technology systems and network infrastructure, which are part of an interconnected regional grid. additionally, connectivity to the internet continues to increase through grid modernization and other operational excellence initiatives. because of the critical nature of the infrastructure, increased connectivity to the internet and technology systems' inherent vulnerability to disability or failures due to hacking, viruses, acts of war or terrorism or other types of data security breaches, the duke energy registrants face a heightened risk of cyberattack from foreign or domestic sources and have been subject, and will likely continue to be subject, to attempts to gain unauthorized access to information and/or information systems or to disrupt utility operations through computer viruses and phishing attempts either directly or indirectly through its material vendors or related third parties. in the event of a significant cybersecurity breach on either the duke energy registrants or with one of our material vendors or related third parties, the duke energy registrants could (i) have business operations disrupted, including the disruption of the operation of our assets and the power grid, theft of confidential company, employee, shareholder, vendor or customer information, and general business systems and process interruption or compromise, including preventing the duke energy registrants from servicing customers, collecting revenues or the recording, processing and/or reporting financial information correctly, (ii) experience substantial loss of revenues, repair and restoration costs, penalties and costs for lack of compliance with relevant regulations, implementation costs for additional security measures to avert future cyberattacks and other financial loss and (iii) be subject to increased regulation, litigation and reputational damage. while duke energy maintains insurance relating to cybersecurity events, such insurance is subject to a number of exclusions and may be insufficient to offset any losses, costs or damage experienced. also, the market for cybersecurity insurance is relatively new and coverage available for cybersecurity events may evolve as the industry matures.
the duke energy registrants are subject to standards enacted by the north american electric reliability corporation and enforced by ferc regarding protection of the physical and cyber security of critical infrastructure assets required for operating north america's bulk electric system. the duke energy registrants are also subject to regulations set by the nuclear regulatory commission regarding the protection of digital computer and communication systems and networks required for the operation of nuclear power plants. while the duke energy registrants believe they are in compliance with such standards and regulations, the duke energy registrants have from time to time been, and may in the future be, found to be in violation of such standards and regulations. in addition, compliance with or changes in the applicable standards and regulations may subject the duke energy registrants to higher operating costs and/or increased capital expenditures as well as substantial fines for non-compliance.
certain events, such as an aging workforce, mismatch of skill set or complement to future needs, or unavailability of contract resources may lead to operating challenges and increased costs. the challenges include lack of resources, loss of knowledge base and the lengthy time required for skill development. in this case, costs, including costs for contractors to replace employees, productivity costs and safety costs, may increase. failure to hire and adequately train replacement employees, including the transfer of significant internal historical knowledge and expertise to new employees, or future availability and cost of contract labor may adversely affect the ability to manage and operate the business, especially considering the workforce needs associated with nuclear generation facilities and new skills required to operate a modernized, technology-enabled power grid. if the duke energy registrants are unable to successfully attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce, their results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be negatively affected.
the costs of decommissioning duke energy florida's crystal river unit 3 could prove to be more extensive than is currently identified.
costs to decommission the plant could exceed estimates and, if not recoverable through the regulatory process, could adversely affect duke energy's, progress energy's and duke energy florida's results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
duke energy ohio's and duke energy indiana's membership in an rto presents risks that could have a material adverse effect on their results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
the rules governing the various regional power markets may change, which could affect duke energy ohio's and duke energy indiana's costs and/or revenues. to the degree duke energy ohio and duke energy indiana incur significant additional fees and increased costs to participate in an rto, their results of operations may be impacted. duke energy ohio and duke energy indiana may be allocated a portion of the cost of transmission facilities built by others due to changes in rto transmission rate design. duke energy ohio and duke energy indiana may be required to expand their transmission system according to decisions made by an rto rather than their own internal planning process. in addition, rtos have been developing rules associated with the allocation and methodology of assigning costs associated with improved transmission reliability, reduced transmission congestion and firm transmission rights that may have a financial impact on the results of operations, financial position and cash flows of duke energy ohio and duke energy indiana.
as members of an rto, duke energy ohio and duke energy indiana are subject to certain additional risks, including those associated with the allocation among rto members, of losses caused by unreimbursed defaults of other participants in the rto markets and those associated with complaint cases filed against an rto that may seek refunds of revenues previously earned by rto members.
duke energy's long-term strategy requires the construction of new projects, either wholly owned or partially owned, which involve a number of risks, including construction delays, nonperformance by equipment and other third-party suppliers, and increases in equipment and labor costs. to limit the risks of these construction projects, the duke energy registrants enter into equipment purchase orders and construction contracts and incur engineering and design service costs in advance of receiving necessary regulatory approvals and/or siting or environmental permits. if any of these projects are canceled for any reason, including failure to receive necessary regulatory approvals and/or siting or environmental permits, significant cancellation penalties under the equipment purchase orders and construction contracts could occur. in addition, if any construction work or investments have been recorded as an asset, an impairment may need to be recorded in the event the project is canceled.
nuclear generation risks duke energy carolinas, duke energy progress and duke energy florida may incur substantial costs and liabilities due to their ownership and operation of nuclear generating facilities.
ownership interests in and operation of nuclear stations by duke energy carolinas, duke energy progress and duke energy florida subject them to various risks. these risks include, among other things: the potential harmful effects on the environment and human health resulting from the current or past operation of nuclear facilities and the storage, handling and disposal of radioactive materials; limitations on the amounts and types of insurance commercially available to cover losses that might arise in connection with nuclear operations; and uncertainties with respect to the technological and financial aspects of decommissioning nuclear plants at the end of their licensed lives.
ownership and operation of nuclear generation facilities requires compliance with licensing and safety-related requirements imposed by the nrc. in the event of non-compliance, the nrc may increase regulatory oversight, impose fines or shut down a unit depending upon its assessment of the severity of the situation. revised security and safety requirements promulgated by the nrc, which could be prompted by, among other things, events within or outside of the control of duke energy carolinas, duke energy progress and duke energy florida, such as a serious nuclear incident at a facility owned by a third party, could necessitate substantial capital and other expenditures, as well as assessments to cover third-party losses. in addition, if a serious nuclear incident were to occur, it could have a material adverse effect on the results of operations, financial position, cash flows and reputation of the duke energy registrants.
liquidity, capital requirements and common stock risks the duke energy registrants rely on access to short-term borrowings and longer-term debt and equity markets to finance their capital requirements and support their liquidity needs. access to those markets can be adversely affected by a number of conditions, many of which are beyond the duke energy registrants' control.
the duke energy registrants' businesses are significantly financed through issuances of debt and equity. the maturity and repayment profile of debt used to finance investments often does not correlate to cash flows from their assets. accordingly, as a source of liquidity for capital requirements not satisfied by the cash flows from their operations and to fund investments originally financed through debt instruments with disparate maturities, the duke energy registrants rely on access to short-term money markets as well as longer-term capital markets. the subsidiary registrants also rely on access to short-term intercompany borrowings. if the duke energy registrants are not able to access debt or equity at competitive rates or at all, the ability to finance their operations and implement their strategy and business plan as scheduled could be adversely affected. an inability to access debt and equity may limit the duke energy registrants' ability to pursue improvements or acquisitions that they may otherwise rely on for future growth.
market disruptions may increase the cost of borrowing or adversely affect the ability to access one or more financial markets. such disruptions could include: economic downturns, the bankruptcy of an unrelated energy company, unfavorable capital market conditions, market prices for electricity and natural gas, actual or threatened terrorist attacks, or the overall health of the energy industry. the availability of credit under duke energy's master credit facility depends upon the ability of the banks providing commitments under the facility to provide funds when their obligations to do so arise. systematic risk of the banking system and the financial markets could prevent a bank from meeting its obligations under the facility agreement.
duke energy maintains a revolving credit facility to provide backup for its commercial paper program and letters of credit to support variable rate demand tax-exempt bonds that may be put to the duke energy registrant issuer at the option of the holder. the facility includes borrowing sublimits for the duke energy registrants, each of whom is a party to the credit facility, and financial covenants that limit the amount of debt that can be outstanding as a percentage of the total capital for the specific entity. failure to maintain these covenants at a particular entity could preclude duke energy from issuing commercial paper or the duke energy registrants from issuing letters of credit or borrowing under the master credit facility.
the duke energy registrants must meet credit quality standards and there is no assurance they will maintain investment grade credit ratings. if the duke energy registrants are unable to maintain investment grade credit ratings, they would be required under credit agreements to provide collateral in the form of letters of credit or cash, which may materially adversely affect their liquidity.
if the rating agencies were to rate the duke energy registrants below investment grade, borrowing costs would increase, perhaps significantly. in addition, the potential pool of investors and funding sources would likely decrease. further, if the short-term debt rating were to fall, access to the commercial paper market could be significantly limited.
risk factors a downgrade below investment grade could also require the posting of additional collateral in the form of letters of credit or cash under various credit, commodity and capacity agreements and trigger termination clauses in some interest rate derivative agreements, which would require cash payments. all of these events would likely reduce the duke energy registrants' liquidity and profitability and could have a material effect on their results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
non-compliance with debt covenants or conditions could adversely affect the duke energy registrants' ability to execute future borrowings.
the duke energy registrants' debt and credit agreements contain various financial and other covenants. failure to meet those covenants beyond applicable grace periods could result in accelerated due dates and/or termination of the agreements.
market performance and other changes may decrease the value of the ndtf investments of duke energy carolinas, duke energy progress and duke energy florida, which then could require significant additional funding.
ownership and operation of nuclear generation facilities also requires the maintenance of funded trusts that are intended to pay for the decommissioning costs of the respective nuclear power plants. the performance of the capital markets affects the values of the assets held in trust to satisfy these future obligations. duke energy carolinas, duke energy progress and duke energy florida have significant obligations in this area and hold significant assets in these trusts. these assets are subject to market fluctuations and will yield uncertain returns, which may fall below projected rates of return. although a number of factors impact funding requirements, a decline in the market value of the assets may increase the funding requirements of the obligations for decommissioning nuclear plants. if duke energy carolinas, duke energy progress and duke energy florida are unable to successfully manage their ndtf assets, their results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be negatively affected.
poor investment performance of the duke energy pension plan holdings and other factors impacting pension plan costs could unfavorably impact the duke energy registrants' liquidity and results of operations.
the costs of providing non-contributory defined benefit pension plans are dependent upon a number of factors, such as the rates of return on plan assets, discount rates, the level of interest rates used to measure the required minimum funding levels of the plans, future government regulation and required or voluntary contributions made to the plans. the subsidiary registrants are allocated their proportionate share of the cost and obligations related to these plans. without sustained growth in the pension investments over time to increase the value of plan assets and, depending upon the other factors impacting costs as listed above, duke energy could be required to fund its plans with significant amounts of cash. such cash funding obligations, and the subsidiary registrants' proportionate share of such cash funding obligations, could have a material impact on the duke energy registrants' results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
duke energy is a holding company and depends on the cash flows from its subsidiaries to meet its financial obligations.
because duke energy is a holding company with no operations or cash flows of its own, its ability to meet its financial obligations, including making interest and principal payments on outstanding indebtedness and to pay dividends on its common stock, is primarily dependent on the net income and cash flows of its subsidiaries and the ability of those subsidiaries to pay upstream dividends or to repay borrowed funds. prior to funding duke energy, its subsidiaries have regulatory restrictions and financial obligations that must be satisfied. these subsidiaries are separate legal entities and have no obligation to provide duke energy with funds. in addition, duke energy may provide capital contributions or debt financing to its subsidiaries under certain circumstances, which would reduce the funds available to meet its financial obligations, including making interest and principal payments on outstanding indebtedness and to pay dividends on duke energy's common stock.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operationsmanagement's discussion and analysis includes financial information prepared in accordance with gaap in the u.s., as well as certain non-gaap financial measures such as adjusted earnings and adjusted earnings per share discussed below. generally, a non-gaap financial measure is a numerical measure of financial performance, financial position or cash flows that excludes (or includes) amounts that are included in (or excluded from) the most directly comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with gaap. the non-gaap financial measures should be viewed as a supplement to, and not a substitute for, financial measures presented in accordance with gaap. non-gaap measures as presented herein may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies.
the following combined management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is separately filed by duke energy corporation (collectively with its subsidiaries, duke energy) and its subsidiaries duke energy carolinas, llc (duke energy carolinas), progress energy, inc. (progress energy), duke energy progress, llc (duke energy progress), duke energy florida, llc (duke energy florida), duke energy ohio, inc. (duke energy ohio), duke energy indiana, llc (duke energy indiana) and piedmont natural gas company, inc. (piedmont). however, none of the registrants make any representation as to information related solely to duke energy or the subsidiary registrants of duke energy other than itself. subsequent to duke energy's acquisition of piedmont on october 3, 2016, piedmont is a wholly owned subsidiary of duke energy. the financial information for duke energy includes results of piedmont subsequent to october 3, 2016. see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, "acquisitions and dispositions," for additional information regarding the acquisition.
duke energy duke energy is an energy company headquartered in charlotte, north carolina. duke energy operates in the u.s. primarily through its wholly owned subsidiaries, duke energy carolinas, duke energy progress, duke energy florida, duke energy ohio, duke energy indiana and piedmont. when discussing duke energy's consolidated financial information, it necessarily includes the results of the subsidiary registrants, which along with duke energy, are collectively referred to as the duke energy registrants.
management's discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016.
executive overview at duke energy the fundamentals of our business are strong. in 2018, we met our near-term financial commitments and positioned the company for sustainable long-term growth. we are focused on a stable, predictable and regulated businesses portfolio to deliver a reliable dividend with 4 to 6 percent eps growth through 2023. we have made progress advancing our long-term growth strategy that delivers value to our customers through investments in cleaner energy, grid modernization, natural gas infrastructure, and digital transformation, while also achieving constructive regulatory outcomes. the strength of our balance sheet is of vital importance to the cost-effective financing of our growth strategy, and in 2018 we took proactive steps to strengthen it by issuing $2 billion of equity.
(a)   see results of operations below for duke energy's definition of adjusted earnings and adjusted diluted earnings per share as well as a reconciliation of this non-gaap financial measure to net income attributable to duke energy and net income attributable to duke energy per diluted share.
duke energy's 2018 gaap reported earnings were impacted by favorable weather, improved residential volumes and ongoing cost management efforts, offset by charges which management believes are not indicative of ongoing performance, including regulatory and legislative items, impairments, a loss on the sale of a retired plant, and severance. see "results of operations" below for a detailed discussion of the consolidated results of operations and a detailed discussion of financial results for each of duke energy's reportable business segments, as well as other.
2018 areas of focus and accomplishments operational excellence and reliability. the safety of our workforce is a core value. our employees delivered strong safety results in 2018, and we maintained our industry-leading performance levels from 2016 and 2017. the reliable and safe operation of our power plants, electric distribution system and natural gas infrastructure is foundational to our customers, our financial results and our credibility with stakeholders. our nuclear and fossil/hydro generation fleets demonstrated strong performance, exceeding their respective reliability targets. five of our six nuclear sites have achieved inpo 1 status, the industry's highest distinction. our electric distribution system performed well throughout the year, though we see opportunities to reduce outage durations.
storm response and system restoration. 2018 was a year of intense storm activity, with hurricane florence and hurricane michael delivering a significant impact to our jurisdictions. employees and utility partners worked tirelessly to restore 3 million outages during the hurricane season. our team restored 93 percent of outages within five days during hurricane florence and 90 percent of outages within three days during hurricane michael. our ability to effectively handle all facets of the 2018 storm response efforts is a testament to our team's extensive preparation and coordination in advance of the storm, applying lessons learned from previous storms, and on-the-ground management throughout the restoration efforts.
customer satisfaction. duke energy continues to transform the customer experience through our use of customer data to better inform operational priorities and performance levels. this data-driven approach allows us to identify the investments that are the most important to the customer experience. in 2018, we instituted more proactive communications, such as text alerts during outages, in response to customer expectations. over time our work with data analytics will result in customer satisfaction improvement as measured through j.d. power and other surveys.
constructive regulatory and legislative outcomes. one of our long-term strategic goals is to achieve modernized regulatory constructs in our jurisdictions. modernized constructs provide benefits, which include improved earnings and cash flows through more timely recovery of investments, as well as stable pricing for customers. we achieved constructive regulatory outcomes in 2018 in north carolina for both duke energy carolinas and duke energy progress, including the recovery of coal ash basin closure costs. the ohio comprehensive settlement agreement in 2018, approved by puco, was a favorable outcome that will enable the creation of a new powerforward rider to recover costs associated with projects to modernize the grid and transform the customer experience. we are making progress in addressing tax reform across our jurisdictions, targeting solutions that provide benefits to customers and support the long-term credit quality of our utilities.
cost management and efficiencies. duke energy has a demonstrated track record of driving efficiencies and productivity into the business, including merger integration and continuous improvement efforts. we continue to leverage new technology and data analytics to drive additional efficiencies across the business in response to a transforming landscape. in 2018, we established a digital transformation initiative that is tasked with identifying the best ways to use digital capabilities throughout our business.
modernizing the power grid. our grid improvement programs continue to be a key component of our growth strategy. modernization of the electric grid, including smart meters, storm hardening, self-healing and targeted undergrounding helps to ensure the system is better prepared for severe weather, improves the system's reliability and flexibility, and provides better information and services for customers. grid improvements enable successful storm response; for example, in the carolinas, self-healing grid technologies rerouted power from damaged lines and systems to minimize outages. in 2018, we deployed 1.6 million smart meters resulting in 4.3 million customers having access to this technology across our regulated footprint.
generating cleaner energy. we advanced efforts to generate cleaner energy, including progress on several strategic investments during 2018. overall, we have lowered our carbon emissions by over 30 percent since 2005, consistent with our goal to reduce carbon emissions by 40 percent by 2030. two natural gas plants came online in 2018 and construction continues on a third one. in our commercial renewable business, our shoreham solar facility came online in 2018.
expanding the natural gas platform. we continue to pursue natural gas infrastructure investments. we are working diligently to construct the acp pipeline to bring low-cost gas supply and economic development opportunities to the mid-atlantic. while we navigate the impacts of permitting delays and court rulings, we remain steadfast in our commitment to this backbone infrastructure for the southeast u.s. in 2018, piedmont announced plans to construct a new liquefied natural gas facility in robeson county north carolina on property piedmont already owns. this investment will help piedmont provide a reliable gas supply to customers during peak usage periods. we expect to begin construction in the summer of 2019.
dividend growth. in 2018, duke energy continued to grow the dividend payment to shareholders by approximately 4 percent. 2018 represented the 92nd consecutive year duke energy paid a cash dividend on its common stock.
md&amp;a   duke energy duke energy objectives - 2019 and beyond duke energy will continue to deliver exceptional value to customers, be an integral part of the communities in which we do business, and provide attractive returns to investors. we have an achievable, long-term strategy in place and it is producing tangible results, yet the industry in which we operate is becoming more and more dynamic. we are adjusting, where necessary, and accelerating our focus in key areas to ensure the company is well positioned to be successful for many decades into the future. as we look ahead to 2019, our plans include:
•   improving and strengthening the energy grid to provide customers with more control, convenience and communications, and make the grid more resilient to severe weather and ever-evolving cyber threats.
•   investing in both natural gas generation and infrastructure to support our growing gas system, as we replace coal units and continue to expand our ldc customer base in the carolinas and midwest.
•   increasing renewables, energy storage and next-generation demand-side management into our supply/demand resource plans, in pursuit of a growth strategy that leverages these resources to provide choices that our customers value.
•   transforming the business using multiple levers, including digital tools, to increase productivity and reinvest the proceeds into new growth opportunities, improved customer service, and lower bills for customers.
results of operations non-gaap measures management evaluates financial performance in part based on non-gaap financial measures, including adjusted earnings and adjusted diluted eps. these items represent income from continuing operations attributable to duke energy, adjusted for the dollar and per share impact of special items. as discussed below, special items include certain charges and credits, which management believes are not indicative of duke energy's ongoing performance. management believes the presentation of adjusted earnings and adjusted diluted eps provides useful information to investors, as it provides them with an additional relevant comparison of duke energy's performance across periods.
special items included in the periods presented include the following, which management believes do not reflect ongoing costs:
•   costs to achieve mergers represents charges that result from strategic acquisitions.
•   regulatory and legislative impacts in 2018 represents charges related to the duke energy progress and duke energy carolinas north carolina rate case orders and the repeal of the south carolina base load review act. for 2017, it represents charges related to the levy nuclear project in florida and the mayo zero liquid discharge and sutton combustion turbine projects in north carolina.
•   impairment charges in 2018 represents an impairment at citrus county cc, a goodwill impairment at commercial renewables and an other-than-temporary impairment of an investment in constitution pipeline company, llc. for 2017 and 2016, the charges represent goodwill and other-than-temporary asset impairments at commercial renewables.
•   sale of retired plant represents the loss associated with selling beckjord, a nonregulated generating facility in ohio.
•   severance charges relate to companywide initiatives, excluding merger integration, to standardize processes and systems, leverage technology and workforce optimization.
adjusted earnings also include the operating results of the international disposal group, which has been classified as discontinued operations. management believes inclusion of the operating results of the international disposal group within adjusted earnings and adjusted diluted eps results in a better reflection of duke energy's financial performance during the period.
duke energy's adjusted earnings and adjusted diluted eps may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of another company because other companies may not calculate the measures in the same manner.
(a)   net of tax benefit of $19 million in 2018, $39 million in 2017, and $194 million in 2016.
(b)   net of tax benefit of $63 million in 2018 and $60 million in 2017.
(c)   net of $27 million tax benefit and $2 million noncontrolling interests in 2018. net of $28 million tax benefit in 2017 and $26 million in 2016.
(d)   net of $25 million tax benefit.
(e)   the tax act reduced the corporate income tax rate from 35 to 21 percent, effective january 1, 2018. as the tax change was enacted in 2017, duke energy was required to remeasure its existing deferred tax assets and liabilities at the lower rate at december 31, 2017. for duke energy's regulated operations, where the reduction in the net accumulated deferred income tax liability is expected to be returned to customers in future rates, the remeasurement has been deferred as a regulatory liability. for 2018, the amount represents a true up of existing regulatory liabilities related to the tax act. see note 23 to the consolidated financial statements, "income taxes" for more information.
(f)   net of tax benefit of $43 million in 2018 and $35 million in 2016.
duke energy's full-year 2018 gaap reported eps was $3.76 compared to $4.36 for full-year 2017. in addition to the adjusted diluted eps drivers discussed below, gaap reported eps in 2018 was lower primarily due to regulatory and legislative impacts, impairment charges, severance charges and a loss on sale of a retired plant.
•   positive impacts from the north carolina rate case orders; and
•   higher depreciation and amortization expense at electric utilities and infrastructure primarily due to rate base growth; and
•   a reduced tax benefit on holding company interest as a result of the tax act.
duke energy's full-year 2017 gaap reported eps was $4.36 compared to $3.11 for full-year 2016. in addition to the adjusted diluted eps drivers discussed below, gaap reported eps in 2017 was higher primarily due to a $0.14 benefit per share related to the tax act in 2017, lower costs to achieve the piedmont merger and a loss on sale and impairments associated with the sale of the international disposal group in 2016, partially offset by charges of $0.14 related to regulatory settlements in electric utilities and infrastructure.
•   the prior year operating results from the international disposal group, which was sold in december 2016. the 2016 operating results included a benefit from the valuation of deferred income taxes. see note 23 to the consolidated financial statements, "income taxes," for additional information;
•   higher financing costs, primarily due to the piedmont acquisition; and
•   higher depreciation and amortization expense at electric utilities and infrastructure primarily due to higher depreciable base.
•   lower operations, maintenance and other expenses, net of amounts recoverable in rates, at electric utilities and infrastructure resulting from ongoing cost efficiency efforts and lower year-to-date storm costs than the prior year; and
•   additional earnings from incremental investments in acp and sabal trail natural gas pipelines.
duke energy's segment structure includes the following segments: electric utilities and infrastructure, gas utilities and infrastructure and commercial renewables. the remainder of duke energy's operations is presented as other. see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, "business segments," for additional information on duke energy's segment structure.
the tax act on december 22, 2017, president trump signed the tax act into law. among other provisions, the tax act lowered the corporate federal income tax rate from 35 to 21 percent, limits interest deductions outside of regulated utility operations, requires the normalization of excess deferred taxes associated with property under the average rate assumption method as a prerequisite to qualifying for accelerated depreciation and repealed the federal manufacturing deduction. the tax act also repealed the corporate amt and stipulates a refund of 50 percent of remaining amt credit carryforwards (to the extent the credits exceed regular tax for the year) for tax years 2018, 2019 and 2020 with all remaining amt credits to be refunded in tax year 2021.
as a result of the tax act, duke energy revalued its existing deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities as of december 31, 2017, to account for the estimated future impact of lower corporate tax rates on these deferred tax amounts. during the year ended december 31, 2018, duke energy recorded measurement period adjustments to the provisional estimate recorded as of december 31, 2017, in accordance with sab 118. for duke energy's regulated operations, where the net reduction in the net accumulated deferred income tax liability is expected to be returned to customers in future rates, the remeasurement has been deferred as a regulatory liability. see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, "regulatory matters," for additional information on the tax act's impact to the regulatory asset and liability accounts. the following table shows the expense (benefit) recorded on duke energy's consolidated statements of operations.
electric utilities and infrastructure(c)           $24                $(231      )
gas utilities and infrastructure(d)(e)               1                  (26      )
(a)   except where noted below, amounts are included within income tax expense from continuing operations on the consolidated statements of operations.
(c)   amount primarily relates to the 2017 remeasurement, and true up of that remeasurement in 2018, of net deferred tax liabilities that are excluded for ratemaking purposes related to abandoned or impaired assets and certain wholesale fixed rate contracts.
(d)   2017 amount includes a $16 million expense recorded within equity in earnings (losses) of unconsolidated affiliates on the consolidated statement of operations.
(e)   2017 amount primarily relates to the remeasurement of net deferred tax liabilities related to equity method investments.
(f)   2017 amount primarily relates to the remeasurement of foreign tax credits, federal nols and nonregulated deferred tax assets.
md&amp;a   segment results - electric utilities and infrastructure electric utilities and infrastructure years ended december 31, variance                                  variance
total electric utilities and infrastructure gwh sales     262,728             252,502                10,226             257,529                (5,027   )
net proportional mw capacity in operation                  49,684              48,828                   856              49,295                  (467   )
electric utilities and infrastructure's results were impacted by higher legislative and regulatory charges compared to the prior year and higher depreciation from a growing asset base, partially offset by favorable weather in the current year, improved retail volumes, lower income tax expense and a positive net contribution from the duke energy progress and duke energy carolinas north carolina rate cases. the following is a detailed discussion of the variance drivers by line item.
•   a $73 million net increase in retail rider revenues, primarily related to capital investment riders at duke energy indiana and duke energy ohio, partially offset by a net decrease in rider revenues related to the implementation of new base rates at duke energy carolinas and duke energy progress; and
•   a $49 million increase in other revenues at duke energy carolinas primarily due to the recognition of previously deferred revenues associated with storm restoration costs in south carolina and favorable transmission revenues.
md&amp;a   segment results - electric utilities and infrastructure partially offset by:
•   a $578 million decrease in retail and wholesale sales due to revenues subject to refund to customers associated with the lower statutory federal corporate tax rate under the tax act.
•   a $513 million increase in depreciation and amortization expense primarily due to higher amortization of deferred coal ash costs, additional plant in service and new depreciation rates associated with the duke energy progress and duke energy carolinas north carolina rate cases;
•   a $271 million increase in operation, maintenance and other expense primarily due to impacts associated with the duke energy progress north carolina rate case and higher storm costs, partially offset by a ferc approved settlement refund of certain transmission costs previously billed by pjm; and
•   a $133 million increase in impairment charges primarily due to the impacts associated with the duke energy carolinas and duke energy progress north carolina rates cases and the duke energy florida citrus county cc impairments in the current year, offset by the write-off of remaining unrecovered levy nuclear project costs at duke energy florida in the prior year.
other income and expenses, net. the decrease was primarily due to lower post in-service equity returns for projects that had been completed prior to being reflected in customer rates at duke energy carolinas and lower income from non-service components of employee benefit costs in the current year at duke energy progress and duke energy florida. for additional information on employee benefit costs, see note 22 to the consolidated financial statements, "employee benefit plans."
income tax expense. the variance was primarily due to the lower statutory federal corporate tax rate under the tax act, a decrease in pretax income and the impact of the tax act in the prior year. the etrs for the years ended december 31, 2018, and 2017 were 20.7 percent and 29.7 percent, respectively. the decrease in the etr was primarily due to the lower statutory federal corporate tax rate under the tax act and the amortization of excess deferred taxes partially offset by the impact of the tax act in the prior year. see the tax act section above for additional information.
electric utilities and infrastructure's results were impacted by the tax act, growth from investments, lower operations and maintenance expense and higher weather-normal retail sales volumes, partially offset by less favorable weather, impairment charges due to regulatory settlements, increased depreciation and amortization, higher interest expense and higher property and other taxes. the following is a detailed discussion of the variance drivers by line item.
•   a $364 million increase in rider revenues including increased revenues related to energy efficiency programs, duke energy florida's nuclear asset securitization, midwest transmission and distribution capital investments and duke energy indiana's edwardsport igcc plant, as well as an increase in retail pricing due to base rate adjustments for duke energy florida's osprey acquisition and hines chillers and the duke energy progress south carolina rate case;
•   a $160 million increase in impairment charges primarily due to the write-off of remaining unrecovered levy nuclear project costs in the current year at duke energy florida and the disallowance from rate base of certain projects at the mayo and sutton plants in the current year at duke energy progress related to the partial settlement in the north carolina rate case;
•   a $113 million increase in depreciation and amortization expense primarily due to additional plant in service; and
md&amp;a   segment results - electric utilities and infrastructure partially offset by:
•   a $73 million decrease in operation, maintenance and other expense primarily due to lower plant outage, storm restoration and labor and benefits costs partially offset by higher operational costs that are recoverable in rates.
interest expense. the variance was due to higher debt outstanding in the current year and duke energy florida's crystal river unit 3 regulatory asset debt return ending in june 2016 upon securitization.
income tax expense. the variance was primarily due to a decrease in pretax income and the impact of the tax act. the effective tax rates for the years ended december 31, 2017, and 2016 were 29.7 percent and 35.5 percent, respectively. the decrease in the effective tax rate was primarily due to the impact of the tax act. see the tax act section above for additional information.
matters impacting future electric utilities and infrastructure results on may 18, 2016, the ncdeq issued proposed risk classifications for all coal ash surface impoundments in north carolina. all ash impoundments not previously designated as high priority by the coal ash act were designated as intermediate risk. certain impoundments classified as intermediate risk, however, were eligible for reassessment as low risk pursuant to legislation enacted on july 14, 2016. on november 14, 2018, ncdeq issued final low-risk classifications for these impoundments, indicating that duke energy carolinas and duke energy progress have satisfied the permanent replacement water supply and certain dam improvement requirements set out in the coal ash management act. as the final closure plans and corrective action measures are developed and approved for each site, the closure work progresses and the closure method scope and remedial action methods are determined, the complexity of work and the amount of coal combustion material could be different than originally estimated and, therefore, could materially impact electric utilities and infrastructure's results of operations, financial position and cash flows. see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements, "asset retirement obligations," for additional information.
duke energy is a party to multiple lawsuits and could be subject to fines and other penalties related to operations at certain north carolina facilities with ash basins. in addition, the orders issued in the duke energy carolinas and duke energy progress north carolinas rate cases supporting recovery of past coal ash remediation costs have been appealed by various parties. the outcome of these appeals, lawsuits and potential fines and penalties could have an adverse impact on electric utilities and infrastructure's results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. see notes 4 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements, "regulatory matters" and "commitments and contingencies," respectively, for additional information.
on june 22, 2018, duke energy carolinas received an order from the ncuc, which denied the grid rider stipulation and deferral treatment of grid improvement costs. duke energy carolinas may petition for deferral of grid modernization costs outside of a general rate case proceeding if it can show financial hardship or a stipulation that includes greater consensus among intervening parties on costs being classified as grid modernization. while duke energy progress did not request recovery of these costs in its most recent case with the ncuc, duke energy progress may request recovery of certain grid modernization costs in future regulatory proceedings. electric utilities and infrastructure's results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be adversely impacted if grid modernization costs are not ultimately approved for recovery and/or deferral treatment. see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, "regulatory matters," for additional information.
during the last half of 2018, duke energy carolinas, duke energy progress and duke energy florida's service territories were impacted by several named storms. hurricane florence, hurricane michael and winter storm diego caused flooding, extensive damage and widespread power outages to the service territories of duke energy carolinas and duke energy progress. duke energy florida's service territory was also impacted by hurricane michael, a category 4 hurricane and the most powerful storm to hit the florida panhandle in recorded history. a significant portion of the incremental operation and maintenance expenses related to these storms have been deferred. on december 21, 2018, duke energy carolinas and duke energy progress filed with the ncuc petitions for approval to defer the incremental storm costs incurred to a regulatory asset for recovery in the next base rate case. duke energy progress filed a similar request with the pscsc on january 11, 2019, which also included a request for the continuation of prior deferrals requested for other storms, and on january 30, 2019, the pscsc issued a directive approving the deferral request. duke energy florida anticipates filing a petition in the first half of 2019 with the fpsc to recover incremental storm costs consistent with the provisions in its 2017 settlement. an order from regulatory authorities disallowing the deferral and future recovery of storm restoration costs could have an adverse impact on electric utilities and infrastructure's results of operations, financial position and cash flows. see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, "regulatory matters," for additional information.
appeals of recently approved rate cases for duke energy carolinas and duke energy progress are pending at the north carolina supreme court. the north carolina attorney general and various intervenors primarily dispute the allowance of recovery of coal ash costs from customers, which was approved by the ncuc. the outcome of these appeals could have an adverse impact to electric utilities and infrastructure's results of operations, financial position and cash flows. see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, "regulatory matters," for additional information.
on february 6, 2018, the fpsc approved a stipulation that would apply tax savings resulting from the tax act toward storm costs effective january 2018 in lieu of implementing a storm surcharge. on may 31, 2018, duke energy florida filed for recovery of the storm costs. storm costs are currently expected to be fully recovered by approximately mid-2021. the commission has scheduled the hearing to begin on may 21, 2019. an order disallowing recovery of these costs could have an adverse impact on electric utilities and infrastructure's results of operations, financial position and cash flows. see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, "regulatory matters," for additional information.
within this item 7, see the tax act section above as well as liquidity and capital resources below for discussion of risks associated with the tax act.
md&amp;a   segment results - gas utilities and infrastructure gas utilities and infrastructure years ended december 31, variance                                        variance
(a)   includes throughput subsequent to duke energy's acquisition of piedmont on october 3, 2016.
gas utilities and infrastructure's results were primarily impacted by the otti recorded on the constitution investment and higher operation, maintenance and other expenses, partially offset by favorable price adjustments, customer growth and other income. the following is a detailed discussion of the variance drivers by line item.
•   a $69 million decrease primarily due to revenues subject to refund to customers associated with the lower statutory corporate tax rate under the tax act.
•   a $14 million increase in depreciation and amortization expense due to additional plant in service and higher amortization of software costs.
•   a $55 million impairment recorded for the investment in constitution in 2018.
•   a $25 million increase in non-service components of employee benefit costs in 2018. for additional information on employee benefit costs, see note 22 to the consolidated financial statements, "employee benefit plans"; and
md&amp;a   segment results - gas utilities and infrastructure
•   a $20 million increase in equity earnings from pipeline investments.
income tax expense. the variance was primarily due to the lower statutory federal corporate tax rate under the tax act, a decrease in pretax income and the impact of the tax act in the prior year. the etrs for the years ended december 31, 2018, and 2017 were 22.2 percent and 26.7 percent, respectively. the decrease in the etr was primarily due to the lower statutory federal corporate tax rate under the tax act partially offset by the impact of the tax act in the prior year. see the tax act section above for additional information.
gas utilities and infrastructure's higher results were primarily due to the inclusion of piedmont's earnings in the current year as a result of duke energy's acquisition of piedmont on october 3, 2016, as well as additional equity earnings from investments in the acp and sabal trail pipelines.
other income and expenses, net. the increase was driven primarily by higher equity earnings from pipeline investments.
income tax expense. the variance was primarily due to an increase in pretax income due to the inclusion of piedmont's earnings beginning in october 2016, partially offset by prior period true ups. the effective tax rates for the years ended december 31, 2017, and 2016 were 26.7 percent and 37.2 percent, respectively. the decrease in the effective tax rate was primarily due to the prior period true ups and the impact of the tax act. see the tax act section above for additional information.
matters impacting future gas utilities and infrastructure results gas utilities and infrastructure has a 47 percent ownership interest in acp, which is building an approximately 600-mile interstate natural gas pipeline intended to transport diverse natural gas supplies into southeastern markets. affected states (west virginia, virginia and north carolina) have issued certain necessary permits; the project remains subject to other pending federal and state approvals, which will allow full construction activities to begin. in 2018, ferc issued a series of notices to proceed, which authorized the project to begin certain construction-related activities along the pipeline route. project cost estimates are a range of $7.0 billion to $7.8 billion, excluding financing costs. acp expects to achieve a late 2020 in-service date for key segments of the project, while it expects a remainder to extend into 2021. project construction activities, schedule and final costs are subject to uncertainty due to abnormal weather, work delays (including delays due to judicial or regulatory action) and other conditions and risks that could result in potential higher project costs, a potential delay in the targeted in-service dates and potential impairment charges. acp and duke energy will continue to consider their options with respect to the foregoing in light of their existing contractual and legal obligations. see notes 4 and 12 to the consolidated financial statements, "regulatory matters" and "investments in unconsolidated affiliates," respectively, for additional information.
within this item 7, see the tax act section above as well as liquidity and capital resources below for discussion of risks associated with the tax act.
income tax benefit                                        (147   )          (628   )               481              (160   )              (468   )
net proportional mw capacity in operation(a)             2,991             2,907                    84             2,892                    15
(a)   certain projects are included in tax-equity structures where investors have differing interests in the project's economic attributes. in 2018, 100 percent of the tax-equity project's capacity is included in the table above.
commercial renewables' results were unfavorably impacted by the higher tax benefit in 2017 from the tax act. the following is a detailed discussion of the variance drivers by line item.
other income and expenses, net. the favorable variance in other income and expenses was primarily due to the bankruptcy court approved naw and fes settlement agreement, which allowed retention of previously collected cash collateral under the ppas, sale of the fes unsecured claim, impairment of certain cost investments in the prior year and lower equity losses in the current year.
income tax benefit. the decrease in tax benefit in 2018 was primarily due to the one-time impact of the tax act in 2017 and lower statutory federal corporate tax rate under the tax act. see the tax act section above for additional information.
loss attributable to noncontrolling interests. the increase is primarily driven by the new tax-equity structures entered into during 2018.
commercial renewables' higher earnings were primarily due to the tax act, partially offset by pretax impairment charges. the following is a detailed discussion of the variance drivers by line item.
operating expenses. the increase was primarily due to a $99 million in pretax impairment charges in 2017 related to a wholly owned non-contracted wind project and other investments and higher expenses associated with new wind and solar projects, partially offset by lower operations and maintenance expense at rec solar due to fewer projects under construction. see notes 10 and 11 to the consolidated financial statements, "property, plant and equipment" and "goodwill and intangible assets," respectively, for additional information.
other income and expenses, net. the variance was primarily due to a $71 million pretax impairment charge in 2016 related to certain equity method investments. for additional information, see note 12 to the consolidated financial statements, "investments in unconsolidated affiliates."
md&amp;a   segment results - commercial renewables interest expense. the variance was primarily due to new project financings and less capitalized interest due to fewer projects under construction.
income tax benefit. the variance was primarily due to the impact of the tax act and higher ptcs, partially offset by lower itcs. see the tax act section above for additional information on the tax act and the impact on the effective tax rate.
matters impacting future commercial renewables results persistently low market pricing for wind resources, primarily in the electric reliability council of texas west and pjm west markets and the future expiration of tax incentives including itcs and ptcs could result in adverse impacts to the future results of operations, financial position and cash flows of commercial renewables.
on september 26, 2018, duke energy announced it is seeking a minority investor for the commercial renewables business. duke energy will continue to develop projects, grow its portfolio and manage its renewables assets. duke energy renewable services, an operations and maintenance business for third-party customers, and rec solar are not included in the potential transaction. a sale of a minority interest is dependent on a number of factors and cannot be predicted at this time.
within this item 7, see the tax act section above as well as liquidity and capital resources below for discussion of risks associated with the tax act.
income tax (benefit) expense                                   (282   )           353                  (635   )            (446   )               799
other's lower net loss was driven by prior year impacts from the tax act, partially offset by severance charges, loss on the sale of the retired beckjord station, higher interest expense and prior year proceeds resulting from the settlement of the shareholder litigation related to the progress energy merger. the following is a detailed discussion of the variance drivers by line item.
operating revenues. the decrease was primarily due to prior year revenues related to duke energy ohio's entitlement of capacity and energy from ovec's power plants. for the year ended december 31, 2018, the revenues and related expenses for ovec are reflected in the electric utilities and infrastructure segment due to the puco order that approved duke energy to recover or credit amounts through rider psr. these amounts are deemed immaterial. therefore, no prior period amounts were restated. see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, "regulatory matters" for additional information.
operating expenses. the increase was primarily due to severance charges related to a corporate initiative partially offset by prior year fuel expense related to ovec, which is reflected in the electric utilities and infrastructure segment for year ended december 31, 2018. see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, "regulatory matters" for additional information.
(losses) gains on sales of other assets and other, net. the variance was driven by the loss on sale of the retired beckjord station, a nonregulated facility retired during 2014, including the transfer of coal ash basins and other real property and indemnification from all potential future claims related to the property, whether arising under environmental laws or otherwise.
other income and expenses, net. the variance was primarily due to insurance proceeds received in the prior year resulting from settlement of the shareholder litigation related to the progress energy merger and lower returns on investments that fund certain employee benefit obligations.
income tax (benefit) expense. the variance was primarily due to the prior year impact of the tax act and an increase in pretax loss. see the tax act section above for additional information on the tax act and the impact on the effective tax rate.
other's higher net loss was driven by the tax act, partially offset by prior year losses on forward-starting interest rate swaps and other costs related to the piedmont acquisition, decreased severance charges, donations to the duke energy foundation in 2016 and insurance proceeds resulting from settlement of the shareholder litigation related to the progress energy merger. the following is a detailed discussion of the variance drivers by line item.
operating revenues. the increase was primarily due to higher ovec revenues and prior year customer credits related to piedmont merger commitments. see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, "acquisitions and dispositions," for additional information.
operating expenses. the decrease was primarily due to lower transaction and integration costs associated with the piedmont acquisition, prior year severance charges related to cost savings initiatives, donations to the duke energy foundation in 2016 as well as prior year depreciation expense and other integration costs related to the progress energy merger. the duke energy foundation is a nonprofit organization funded by duke energy shareholders that makes charitable contributions to selected nonprofits and government subdivisions.
other income and expenses, net. the increase was primarily driven by insurance proceeds resulting from settlement of the shareholder litigation related to the progress energy merger, higher earnings from the equity method investment in nmc and increased returns on investments that fund certain employee benefit obligations.
interest expense. the decrease was primarily due to prior year losses on forward-starting interest rate swaps related to piedmont pre-acquisition financing, partially offset by higher interest costs on $3.75 billion of debt issued in august 2016 to fund the acquisition. for additional information see notes 2, 6 and 14 to the consolidated financial statements, "acquisitions and dispositions," "debt and credit facilities" and "derivatives and hedging," respectively.
income tax benefit. the variance was primarily due to the impact of the tax act and a decrease in pretax loss. see the tax act section above for additional information on the tax act and the impact on the effective tax rate.
matters impacting future other results within this item 7, see the tax act section above as well as liquidity and capital resources below for discussion of risks associated with the tax act.
the variance was primarily driven by tax adjustments related to the international disposal groups. see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, "acquisitions and dispositions," for additional information.
the variance was primarily driven by the prior year loss on the disposal of duke energy's latin american generation business and an impairment charge related to certain assets in central america, partially offset by a tax benefit related to historic unremitted foreign earnings and immaterial out of period tax adjustments unrelated to the international disposal group. see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, "acquisitions and dispositions," for additional information.
md&amp;a   subsidiary registrants subsidiary registrants as a result of the tax act, the subsidiary registrants revalued their deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities, as of december 31, 2017, to account for the estimated future impact of lower corporate tax rates on these deferred tax amounts. during the year ended december 31, 2018, the subsidiary registrants recorded measurement period adjustments to the provisional estimate recorded as of december 31, 2017, in accordance with sab 118. for the subsidiary registrants' regulated operations, where the net reduction in the net accumulated deferred income tax liability is expected to be returned to customers in future rates, the remeasurement has been deferred as a regulatory liability. see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, "regulatory matters" for additional information on the tax act's impact to the regulatory asset and liability accounts. the change in each subsidiary registrant's effective tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2018, was primarily due to the impact of the tax act, unless noted below. the following table shows the expense (benefit) recorded on the subsidiary registrant's consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income, and the effective tax rate for each subsidiary registrant.
(a)   except where noted below, amounts are included within income tax expense from continuing operations or income tax expense on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income.
(c)   2017 amount primarily relates to the remeasurement of deferred tax liabilities that are excluded for ratemaking purposes related to abandoned assets and certain wholesale fixed rate contracts.
(d)   2017 amount primarily relates to the remeasurement of deferred tax liabilities of certain wholesale fixed rate contracts.
(f)   2017 amount primarily relates to the remeasurement of deferred tax liabilities that are excluded for ratemaking purposes related to impaired assets.
(g)   2017 amount includes a $16 million expense recorded within equity in earnings (losses) of unconsolidated affiliates on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income.
duke energy carolinas introduction management's discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016.
basis of presentation the results of operations and variance discussion for duke energy carolinas is presented in a reduced disclosure format in accordance with general instruction (i)(2)(a) of form 10-k.
the following table shows the percent changes in gwh sales and average number of customers for duke energy carolinas. the below percentages for retail customer classes represent billed sales only. total sales includes billed and unbilled retail sales and wholesale sales to incorporated municipalities and to public and private utilities and power marketers. amounts are not weather-normalized.
•   a $263 million decrease in retail sales due to revenues subject to refund to customers associated with the lower statutory federal corporate tax rate under the tax act;
•   a $49 million increase in other revenues primarily due to the recognition of previously deferred revenues associated with storm restoration costs in south carolina and favorable transmission revenues; and
•   a $111 million increase in depreciation and amortization expense primarily due to additional plant in service, new depreciation rates associated with the north carolina rate case and higher amortization of deferred coal ash costs, partially offset by lower amortization of certain regulatory assets; and
other income and expenses, net. the variance was primarily due to lower afudc equity related to the lee nuclear project and w.s. lee cc and a decrease in recognition of post in-service equity returns for projects that had been completed prior to being reflected in customer rates.
matters impacting future results on may 18, 2016, the ncdeq issued proposed risk classifications for all coal ash surface impoundments in north carolina. all ash impoundments not previously designated as high priority by the coal ash act were designated as intermediate risk. certain impoundments classified as intermediate risk, however, were eligible for reassessment as low-risk pursuant to legislation enacted on july 14, 2016. on november 14, 2018, ncdeq issued final low risk classifications for these impoundments, indicating that duke energy carolinas had satisfied the permanent replacement water supply and certain dam improvement requirements set out in the coal ash management act. as the final closure plans and corrective action measures are developed and approved for each site, the closure work progresses, and the closure method scope and remedial action methods are determined, the complexity of work and the amount of coal combustion material could be different than originally estimated and, therefore, could materially impact duke energy carolinas' results of operations, financial position and cash flows. see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements, "asset retirement obligations," for additional information.
duke energy carolinas is a party to multiple lawsuits and subject to fines and other penalties related to operations at certain north carolina facilities with ash basins. in addition, the order issued in the duke energy carolinas north carolinas rate case supporting recovery of past coal ash remediation costs has been appealed by various parties. the outcome of these appeals, lawsuits, fines and penalties could have an adverse impact on duke energy carolinas' results of operations, financial position and cash flows. see notes 4 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements, "regulatory matters" and "commitments and contingencies," respectively, for additional information.
on june 22, 2018, duke energy carolinas received an order from the ncuc, which denied the grid rider stipulation and deferral treatment of grid improvement costs. duke energy carolinas may petition for deferral of grid modernization costs outside of a general rate case proceeding if it can show financial hardship or a stipulation that includes greater consensus among intervening parties on costs being classified as grid modernization. duke energy carolinas' results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be adversely impacted if grid modernization costs are not ultimately approved for recovery and/or deferral treatment. see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, "regulatory matters," for additional information.
during the last half of 2018, duke energy carolinas' service territory was impacted by several named storms. hurricane florence, hurricane michael and winter storm diego caused flooding, extensive damage and widespread power outages in the service territory. a significant portion of the incremental operation and maintenance expenses related to these storms have been deferred. on december 21, 2018, duke energy carolinas filed with the ncuc a petition for approval to defer the incremental storm costs incurred to a regulatory asset for recovery in the next base rate case. an order from regulatory authorities disallowing the deferral and future recovery of storm restoration costs could have an adverse impact on duke energy carolinas' results of operations, financial position and cash flows. see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, "regulatory matters," for additional information.
appeals of the recently approved rate case for duke energy carolinas are pending at the north carolina supreme court. the north carolina attorney general and various intervenors primarily dispute the allowance of recovery of coal ash costs from customers, which was approved by the ncuc. the outcome of these appeals could have an adverse impact to duke energy carolina's results of operations, financial position and cash flows. see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, "regulatory matters," for additional information.
within this item 7, see the tax act section above as well as liquidity and capital resources below for discussion of risks associated with the tax act.
progress energy introduction management's discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016.
basis of presentation the results of operations and variance discussion for progress energy is presented in a reduced disclosure format in accordance with general instruction (i)(2)(a) of form 10-k.
•   a $614 million increase in fuel and capacity revenues primarily due to an increase in fuel and capacity rates billed to retail customers and increased demand;
•   a $108 million increase in retail sales due to favorable weather in the current year, net of lost revenue impacts associated with hurricane irma in 2017 and hurricane florence in 2018;
•   a $34 million net increase in retail rider revenues in conjunction with the implementation of new base rates at duke energy progress; and
•   a $119 million decrease in retail sales due to revenues subject to refund to customers associated with the lower statutory federal corporate tax rate under the tax act at duke energy progress.
•   a $559 million increase in fuel used in electric generation and purchased power primarily due to higher amortization of deferred fuel and capacity expenses, increased demand and changes in generation mix;
•   a $334 million increase in depreciation and amortization expense primarily due to higher amortization of deferred coal ash costs and new depreciation rates associated with the north carolina rate case at duke energy progress, and accelerated depreciation of crystal river units 4 and 5 at duke energy florida;
•   a $69 million decrease in impairment charges primarily due to the write-off of remaining unrecovered levy nuclear project costs in the prior year, offset by the current year impairment of the citrus county cc at duke energy florida and the impacts associated with the north carolina rate case at duke energy progress.
other income and expenses, net. the variance was primarily due to lower income from non-service components of employee benefit costs in the current year at duke energy progress and duke energy florida. for additional information on employee benefit costs, see note 22 to the consolidated financial statements, "employee benefit plans."
matters impacting future results on may 18, 2016, the ncdeq issued proposed risk classifications for all coal ash surface impoundments in north carolina. all ash impoundments not previously designated as high priority by the coal ash act were designated as intermediate risk. certain impoundments classified as intermediate risk, however, were eligible for reassessment as low-risk pursuant to legislation enacted on july 14, 2016. on november 14, 2018, ncdeq issued final low risk classifications for these impoundments, indicating that progress energy had satisfied the permanent replacement water supply and certain dam improvement requirements set out in the coal ash management act. as the final closure plans and corrective action measures are developed and approved for each site, the closure work progresses, and the closure method scope and remedial action methods are determined, the complexity of work and the amount of coal combustion material could be different than originally estimated and, therefore, could materially impact progress energy's results of operations, financial position and cash flows. see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements, "asset retirement obligations," for additional information.
duke energy progress is a party to multiple lawsuits and subject to fines and other penalties related to operations at certain north carolina facilities with ash basins. as noted above, the order issued in the duke energy progress north carolinas rate case supporting recovery of past coal ash remediation costs has been appealed by various parties. the outcome of these appeals, lawsuits, fines and penalties could have an adverse impact on progress energy's results of operations, financial position and cash flows. see notes 4 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements, "regulatory matters" and "commitments and contingencies," respectively, for additional information.
duke energy carolinas received an order from the ncuc, which denied the grid rider stipulation and deferral treatment of grid improvement costs. the ncuc did allow duke energy carolinas to petition for deferral of grid modernization costs outside of a general rate case proceeding if it can show financial hardship or a stipulation that includes greater consensus among intervening parties on costs being classified as grid modernization. while duke energy progress did not request recovery of these costs in its most recent case with the ncuc, duke energy progress may request recovery of certain grid modernization costs in future regulatory proceedings. if the ncuc were to rule similarly, progress energy's results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be adversely impacted if grid modernization costs are not ultimately approved for recovery and/or deferral treatment. see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, "regulatory matters," for additional information.
during the last half of 2018, duke energy progress and duke energy florida's service territories were impacted by several named storms. hurricane florence, hurricane michael and winter storm diego caused flooding, extensive damage and widespread power outages to the service territory of duke energy progress. duke energy florida's service territory was also impacted by hurricane michael, a category 4 hurricane and the most powerful storm to hit the florida panhandle in recorded history. a significant portion of the incremental operation and maintenance expenses related to these storms have been deferred. on december 21, 2018, duke energy progress filed with the ncuc a petition for approval to defer the incremental storm costs incurred to a regulatory asset for recovery in the next base rate case. duke energy progress filed a similar request with the pscsc on january 11, 2019, which also included a request for the continuation of prior deferrals requested for other storms, and on january 30, 2019, the pscsc issued a directive approving the deferral request. duke energy florida anticipates filing a petition in the first half of 2019 with the fpsc to recover incremental storm costs consistent with the provisions in its 2017 settlement. an order from regulatory authorities disallowing the deferral and future recovery of storm restoration costs could have an adverse impact on progress energy's results of operations, financial position and cash flows. see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, "regulatory matters," for additional information.
appeals of the recently approved rate case for duke energy progress are pending at the north carolina supreme court. the north carolina attorney general and various intervenors primarily dispute the allowance of recovery of coal ash costs from customers, which was approved by the ncuc. the outcome of these appeals could have an adverse impact to progress energy's results of operations, financial position and cash flows. see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, "regulatory matters," for additional information.
on february 6, 2018, the fpsc approved a stipulation that would apply tax savings resulting from the tax act toward storm costs effective january 2018 in lieu of implementing a storm surcharge. on may 31, 2018, duke energy florida filed for recovery of the storm costs. storm costs are currently expected to be fully recovered by approximately mid-2021. the commission has scheduled the hearing to begin on may 21, 2019. an order disallowing recovery of these costs could have an adverse impact on progress energy's results of operations, financial position and cash flows. see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, "regulatory matters," for additional information.
within this item 7, see the tax act section above as well as liquidity and capital resources below for discussion of risks associated with the tax act.
md&amp;a   duke energy progress duke energy progress introduction management's discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016.
basis of presentation the results of operations and variance discussion for duke energy progress is presented in a reduced disclosure format in accordance with general instruction (i)(2)(a) of form 10-k.
the following table shows the percent changes in gwh sales and average number of customers for duke energy progress. the below percentages for retail customer classes represent billed sales only. total sales includes billed and unbilled retail sales and wholesale sales to incorporated municipalities and to public and private utilities and power marketers. amounts are not weather-normalized.
•   a $34 million net increase in retail rider revenues in conjunction with the implementation of new base rates;
•   a $119 million decrease in retail sales due to revenues subject to refund to customers associated with the lower statutory federal corporate tax rate under the tax act.
•   a $266 million increase in depreciation and amortization expense primarily due to higher amortization of deferred coal ash costs and new depreciation rates associated with the north carolina rate case;
•   a $139 million increase in operation, maintenance and other expense primarily due to higher storm costs, impacts associated with the north carolina rate case and severance charges; and
•   a $14 million increase in impairment charges associated with the north carolina rate case.
other income and expenses, net. the variance was primarily driven by lower income from non-service components of employment benefit costs. for additional information on employee benefit costs, see note 22 to the consolidated financial statements, "employee benefit plans."
matters impacting future results on may 18, 2016, the ncdeq issued proposed risk classifications for all coal ash surface impoundments in north carolina. all ash impoundments not previously designated as high priority by the coal ash act were designated as intermediate risk. certain impoundments classified as intermediate risk, however, were eligible for reassessment as low-risk pursuant to legislation enacted on july 14, 2016. on november 14, 2018, ncdeq issued final low risk classifications for these impoundments, indicating that duke energy progress had satisfied the permanent replacement water supply and certain dam improvement requirements set out in the coal ash management act. as the final closure plans and corrective action measures are developed and approved for each site, the closure work progresses, and the closure method scope and remedial action methods are determined, the complexity of work and the amount of coal combustion material could be different than originally estimated and, therefore, could materially impact duke energy progress' results of operations, financial position and cash flows. see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements, "asset retirement obligations," for additional information.
duke energy progress is a party to multiple lawsuits and subject to fines and other penalties related to operations at certain north carolina facilities with ash basins. as noted above, the order issued in the duke energy progress north carolinas rate case supporting recovery of past coal ash remediation costs has been appealed by various parties. the outcome of these appeals, lawsuits, fines and penalties could have an adverse impact on duke energy progress' results of operations, financial position and cash flows. see notes 4 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements, "regulatory matters" and "commitments and contingencies," respectively, for additional information.
duke energy carolinas received an order from the ncuc, which denied the grid rider stipulation and deferral treatment of grid improvement costs. the ncuc did allow duke energy carolinas to petition for deferral of grid modernization costs outside of a general rate case proceeding if it can show financial hardship or a stipulation that includes greater consensus among intervening parties on costs being classified as grid modernization. while duke energy progress did not request recovery of these costs in its most recent case with the ncuc, duke energy progress may request recovery of certain grid modernization costs in future regulatory proceedings. if the ncuc were to rule similarly, duke energy progress' results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be adversely impacted if grid modernization costs are not ultimately approved for recovery and/or deferral treatment. see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, "regulatory matters," for additional information.
during the last half of 2018, duke energy progress' service territory was impacted by several named storms. hurricane florence, hurricane michael and winter storm diego caused flooding, extensive damage and widespread power outages in the service territory. a significant portion of the incremental operation and maintenance expenses related to these storms have been deferred. on december 21, 2018, duke energy progress filed with the ncuc a petition for approval to defer the incremental storm costs incurred to a regulatory asset for recovery in the next base rate case. duke energy progress filed a similar request with the pscsc on january 11, 2019, which also included a request for the continuation of prior deferrals requested for other storms, and on january 30, 2019, the pscsc issued a directive approving the deferral request. an order from regulatory authorities disallowing the deferral and future recovery of storm restoration costs could have an adverse impact on duke energy progress' results of operations, financial position and cash flows. see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, "regulatory matters," for additional information.
appeals of the recently approved rate case for duke energy progress are pending at the north carolina supreme court. the north carolina attorney general and various intervenors primarily dispute the allowance of recovery of coal ash costs from customers, which was approved by the ncuc. the outcome of these appeals could have an adverse impact to duke energy progress' results of operations, financial position and cash flows. see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, "regulatory matters," for additional information.
within this item 7, see the tax act section above as well as liquidity and capital resources below for discussion of risks associated with the tax act.
md&amp;a   duke energy florida duke energy florida introduction management's discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016.
basis of presentation the results of operations and variance discussion for duke energy florida is presented in a reduced disclosure format in accordance with general instruction (i)(2)(a) of form 10-k.
the following table shows the percent changes in gwh sales and average number of customers for duke energy florida. the below percentages for retail customer classes represent billed sales only. wholesale power sales include both billed and unbilled sales. total sales includes billed and unbilled retail sales and wholesale sales to incorporated municipalities and to public and private utilities and power marketers. amounts are not weather-normalized.
•   a $290 million increase in fuel and capacity revenues primarily due to an increase in fuel and capacity rates billed to retail customers and increased demand;
•   a $277 million increase in fuel used in electric generation and purchased power primarily due to higher amortization of deferred fuel and capacity expenses and increased purchased power and demand;
•   a $68 million increase in depreciation and amortization expense primarily due to accelerated depreciation of crystal river units 4 and 5 and additional plant in service; and
•   an $84 million decrease in impairment charges primarily due to the write-off of remaining unrecovered levy nuclear project costs in the prior year, offset by the current year impairment of the citrus county cc.
other income and expenses, net. the variance was driven primarily by lower income from non-service components of employee benefit costs in the current year. for additional information on employee benefit costs, see note 22 to the consolidated financial statements, "employee benefit plans."
matters impacting future results on october 10, 2018, hurricane michael made landfall on florida's panhandle as a category 4 hurricane, the most powerful storm to hit the florida panhandle in recorded history. the storm caused significant damage within the service territory of duke energy florida, particularly from panama city beach to mexico beach. duke energy florida has not completed the final accumulation of total estimated storm restoration costs incurred. given the magnitude of the storm, duke energy florida anticipates filing a petition in the first half of 2019 with the fpsc to recover incremental storm costs consistent with the provisions in its 2017 settlement. an order from regulatory authorities disallowing the future recovery of storm restoration costs could have an adverse impact on duke energy florida's financial position, results of operations and cash flows. see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, "regulatory matters," for additional information.
on february 6, 2018, the fpsc approved a stipulation that would apply tax savings resulting from the tax act toward storm costs effective january 2018 in lieu of implementing a storm surcharge. on may 31, 2018, duke energy florida filed for recovery of the storm costs. storm costs are currently expected to be fully recovered by approximately mid-2021. the commission has scheduled the hearing to begin on may 21, 2019. an order disallowing recovery of these costs could have an adverse impact on duke energy florida's results of operations, financial position and cash flows. see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, "regulatory matters," for additional information.
within this item 7, see the tax act section above as well as liquidity and capital resources below for discussion of risks associated with the tax act.
md&amp;a   duke energy ohio duke energy ohio introduction management's discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016.
basis of presentation the results of operations and variance discussion for duke energy ohio is presented in a reduced disclosure format in accordance with general instruction (i)(2)(a) of form 10-k.
the following table shows the percent changes in gwh sales of electricity, dekatherms of natural gas delivered and average number of electric and natural gas customers for duke energy ohio. the below percentages for retail customer classes represent billed sales only. total sales includes billed and unbilled retail sales and wholesale sales to incorporated municipalities and to public and private utilities and power marketers. amounts are not weather-normalized.
operating revenues. in 2018, the revenues and related expenses for ovec are reflected in regulated electric due to the puco order that approved duke energy ohio to recover or credit amounts, through rider psr, that result from wholesale market transactions relating to duke energy ohio's entitlement to capacity and energy from ovec's power plants. in 2017, the revenues and related expenses for ovec are reflected in nonregulated electric. see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, "regulatory matters" for additional information.
•   a $17 million increase in rider revenue primarily related to capital investment riders;
•   a $48 million decrease in regulated revenues due to revenues subject to refund to customers associated with the lower statutory corporate tax rate under the tax act; and
•   a $7 million increase in depreciation and amortization expense primarily due to additional plant in service and increased amortization of regulatory assets; and
(losses) gains on sales of other assets and other, net. the decrease was driven by the loss on the sale of beckjord, a nonregulated facility retired during 2014, including the transfer of coal ash basins and other real property and indemnification from any and all potential future claims related to the property, whether arising under environmental laws or otherwise.
matters impacting future results within this item 7, see the tax act section above as well as liquidity and capital resources below for discussion of risks associated with the tax act.
md&amp;a   duke energy indiana duke energy indiana introduction management's discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016.
basis of presentation the results of operations and variance discussion for duke energy indiana is presented in a reduced disclosure format in accordance with general instruction (i)(2)(a) of form 10-k.
the following table shows the percent changes in gwh sales and average number of customers for duke energy indiana. the below percentages for retail customer classes represent billed sales only. total sales includes billed and unbilled retail sales and wholesale sales to incorporated municipalities and to public and private utilities and power marketers. amounts are not weather-normalized.
•   a $105 million decrease due to revenues subject to refund to customers associated with the lower statutory federal corporate tax rate under the tax act; and
•   a $62 million increase in depreciation and amortization expense primarily due to additional plant in service and the deferral of certain asset retirement obligations in the prior year;
matters impacting future results on april 17, 2015, the epa published in the federal register a rule to regulate the disposal of ccr from electric utilities as solid waste. duke energy indiana has interpreted the rule to identify the coal ash basin sites impacted and has assessed the amounts of coal ash subject to the rule and a method of compliance. duke energy indiana's interpretation of the requirements of the ccr rule is subject to potential legal challenges and further regulatory approvals, which could result in additional ash basin closure requirements, higher costs of compliance and greater aros. additionally, duke energy indiana has retired facilities that are not subject to the ccr rule. duke energy indiana may incur costs at these facilities to comply with environmental regulations or to mitigate risks associated with on-site storage of coal ash. an order from regulatory authorities disallowing recovery of costs related to closure of ash basins could have an adverse impact on duke energy indiana's results of operations, financial position and cash flows. see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, "regulatory matters," for additional information.
within this item 7, see the tax act section above as well as liquidity and capital resources below for discussion of risks associated with the tax act.
piedmont introduction management's discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes for the years ended december 31, 2018, and 2017, piedmont's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended october 31, 2016, and the form 10-qt as of december 31, 2016, for the transition period from november 1, 2016, to december 31, 2016. the unaudited results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2016, were derived from data previously reported in the reports noted above.
basis of presentation the results of operations and variance discussion for piedmont is presented in a reduced disclosure format in accordance with general instruction (i)(2)(a) of form 10-k.
equity in earnings (losses) of unconsolidated affiliates           7                    (6    )                 13
•   a $51 million decrease primarily due to revenues subject to refund to customers associated with the lower statutory corporate tax rate under the tax act.
•   an $11 million increase in depreciation and amortization expense due to additional plant in service.
•   a $25 million increase in other income and expenses, net primarily due to higher income from non-service components of employee benefit costs in the current year. for additional information on employee benefit costs, see note 22 to the consolidated financial statements, "employee benefit plans"; and
•   a $13 million increase in equity earnings of unconsolidated affiliates from pipeline investments primarily due to favorable earnings partially offset by unfavorable impacts of the tax act in the prior year.
matters impacting future results within this item 7, see the tax act section above as well as liquidity and capital resources below for discussion of risks associated with the tax act.
critical accounting policies and estimates preparation of financial statements requires the application of accounting policies, judgments, assumptions and estimates that can significantly affect the reported results of operations, cash flows or the amounts of assets and liabilities recognized in the financial statements. judgments made include the likelihood of success of particular projects, possible legal and regulatory challenges, earnings assumptions on pension and other benefit fund investments and anticipated recovery of costs, especially through regulated operations.
management discusses these policies, estimates and assumptions with senior members of management on a regular basis and provides periodic updates on management decisions to the audit committee. management believes the areas described below require significant judgment in the application of accounting policy or in making estimates and assumptions that are inherently uncertain and that may change in subsequent periods.
regulated operations accounting substantially all of duke energy's regulated operations meet the criteria for application of regulated operations accounting treatment. as a result, duke energy is required to record assets and liabilities that would not be recorded for nonregulated entities. regulatory assets generally represent incurred costs that have been deferred because such costs are probable of future recovery in customer rates. regulatory liabilities are recorded when it is probable that a regulator will require duke energy to make refunds to customers or reduce rates to customers for previous collections or deferred revenue for costs that have yet to be incurred.
•   litigation of rate orders;
•   recent rate orders to other regulated entities;
•   levels of actual return on equity compared to approved rates of return on equity; and
if future recovery of costs ceases to be probable, asset write-offs would be recognized in operating income. additionally, regulatory agencies can provide flexibility in the manner and timing of the depreciation of property, plant and equipment, recognition of asset retirement costs and amortization of regulatory assets, or may disallow recovery of all or a portion of certain assets.
as required by regulated operations accounting rules, significant judgment can be required to determine if an otherwise recognizable incurred cost qualifies to be deferred for future recovery as a regulatory asset. significant judgment can also be required to determine if revenues previously recognized are for entity specific costs that are no longer expected to be incurred or have not yet been incurred and are therefore a regulatory liability.
md&amp;a   critical accounting policies and estimates goodwill impairment assessments duke energy performed its annual goodwill impairment tests for all reporting units as of august 31, 2018, and all of the reporting units' estimated fair value of equity substantially exceeded the carrying value of equity, except for the commercial renewables reporting units, which recorded impairment charges of $93 million. the fair values of the reporting units were calculated using a weighted combination of the income approach, which estimates fair value based on discounted cash flows, and the market approach, which estimates fair value based on market comparables within the utility and energy industries.
estimated future cash flows under the income approach are based on duke energy's internal business plan. significant assumptions used are growth rates, future rates of return expected to result from ongoing rate regulation and discount rates. management determines the appropriate discount rate for each of its reporting units based on the wacc for each individual reporting unit. the wacc takes into account both the after-tax cost of debt and cost of equity. a major component of the cost of equity is the current risk-free rate on 20-year u.s. treasury bonds. in the 2018 impairment tests, duke energy considered implied waccs for certain peer companies in determining the appropriate wacc rates to use in its analysis. as each reporting unit has a different risk profile based on the nature of its operations, including factors such as regulation, the wacc for each reporting unit may differ. accordingly, the waccs were adjusted, as appropriate, to account for company specific risk premiums. the discount rates used for calculating the fair values as of august 31, 2018, for each of duke energy's reporting units ranged from 5.5 percent to 6.9 percent. the underlying assumptions and estimates are made as of a point in time. subsequent changes, particularly changes in the discount rates, authorized regulated rates of return or growth rates inherent in management's estimates of future cash flows, could result in future impairment charges.
one of the most significant assumptions utilized in determining the fair value of reporting units under the market approach is implied market multiples for certain peer companies. management selects comparable peers based on each peer's primary business mix, operations, and market capitalization compared to the applicable reporting unit and calculates implied market multiples based on available projected earnings guidance and peer company market values as of august 31.
duke energy primarily operates in environments that are rate-regulated. in such environments, revenue requirements are adjusted periodically by regulators based on factors including levels of costs, sales volumes and costs of capital. accordingly, duke energy's regulated utilities operate to some degree with a buffer from the direct effects, positive or negative, of significant swings in market or economic conditions. however, significant changes in discount rates over a prolonged period may have a material impact on the fair value of equity.
asset retirement obligations aros are recognized for legal obligations associated with the retirement of property, plant and equipment at the present value of the projected liability in the period in which it is incurred, if a reasonable estimate of fair value can be made.
the present value of the initial obligation and subsequent updates are based on discounted cash flows, which include estimates regarding timing of future cash flows, selection of discount rates and cost escalation rates, among other factors. these estimates are subject to change.
obligations for nuclear decommissioning are based on site-specific cost studies. duke energy carolinas and duke energy progress assume prompt dismantlement of the nuclear facilities after operations are ceased. duke energy florida assumes crystal river unit 3 will be placed into a safe storage configuration until eventual dismantlement is completed by 2074. duke energy carolinas, duke energy progress and duke energy florida also assume that spent fuel will be stored on-site until such time that it can be transferred to a yet to be built doe facility.
obligations for closure of ash basins are based upon discounted cash flows of estimated costs for site-specific plans, if known, or probability weightings of the potential closure methods if the closure plans are under development and multiple closure options are being considered and evaluated on a site-by-site basis.
long-lived asset impairment assessments, excluding regulated operations duke energy evaluates property, plant and equipment for impairment when events or changes in circumstances (such as a significant change in cash flow projections or the determination that it is more likely than not that an asset or asset group will be sold) indicate the carrying value of such assets may not be recoverable. the determination of whether an impairment has occurred is based on an estimate of undiscounted future cash flows attributable to the assets, as compared with their carrying value.
performing an impairment evaluation involves a significant degree of estimation and judgment in areas such as identifying circumstances that indicate an impairment may exist, identifying and grouping affected assets and developing the undiscounted future cash flows. if an impairment has occurred, the amount of the impairment recognized is determined by estimating the fair value and recording a loss if the carrying value is greater than the fair value. additionally, determining fair value requires probability weighting future cash flows to reflect expectations about possible variations in their amounts or timing and the selection of an appropriate discount rate. although cash flow estimates are based on relevant information available at the time the estimates are made, estimates of future cash flows are, by nature, highly uncertain and may vary significantly from actual results.
md&amp;a   critical accounting policies and estimates equity method investments equity method investments are assessed for impairment when conditions exist that indicate that the fair value of the investment is less than book value. if the decline in value is considered to be other-than-temporary, an impairment charge is recorded and the investment is written down to its estimated fair value, which establishes a new cost basis in the investment.
events or changes in circumstances are monitored that may indicate, in management's judgment, the carrying value of such investments may have experienced an other-than-temporary decline in value. the fair value of equity method investments is generally estimated using an income approach where significant judgments and assumptions include expected future cash flows, the appropriate discount rate, and probability weighted-scenarios, if applicable. in certain instances, a market approach may also be used to estimate the fair value of the equity method investment.
•   adverse regulatory actions expected to substantially reduce the investee's product demand or profitability;
•   expected financial performance significantly worse than anticipated when initially invested;
•   loss of significant customers or suppliers with no immediate prospects for replacement.
acp as of december 31, 2018, the carrying value of the equity method investment in acp is $0.8 billion, and duke energy's maximum exposure to loss for its guarantee of the acp revolving credit facility is $0.7 billion. during the fourth quarter of 2018, acp received several adverse court rulings as described in note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, "regulatory matters." as a result, duke energy evaluated this investment for impairment and determined that fair value approximated carrying value and therefore no impairment was necessary.
duke energy estimated the fair value of its investment in acp using an income approach that primarily considered probability-weighted scenarios of discounted future net cash flows based on the most recent estimate of total construction costs and revenues. these scenarios included assumptions of various court decisions and the impact those decisions may have on the timing and extent of investment, including scenarios assuming the full resolution of permitting issues in addition to a scenario where the project does not proceed. most of the scenarios reflect phased in-service date assumptions. certain scenarios within the analysis also included growth expectations from additional compression or other expansion opportunities and reopeners for pricing. a discount rate of 6.1 percent was used in the analysis. higher probabilities were generally assigned to those scenarios where court approvals were received and the project moves forward under reasonable timelines reflecting interim rates and either current contracted pricing provisions, or prices subject to the reopeners. a very low probability was assigned to the scenario where the project does not proceed.
judgments and assumptions are inherent in our estimates of future cash flows, discount rates, growth assumptions, and the likelihood of various scenarios. it is reasonably possible that future unfavorable developments, such as a reduced likelihood of success with court approvals, increased estimates of construction costs, material increases in the discount rate, important feedback on customer price increases or further significant delays, could result in a future impairment. the use of alternate judgments and assumptions could result in a different calculation of fair value, which could ultimately result in the recognition of an impairment charge in the consolidated financial statements.
pension and other post-retirement benefits the calculation of pension expense, other post-retirement benefit expense and net pension and other post-retirement assets or liabilities require the use of assumptions and election of permissible accounting alternatives. changes in assumptions can result in different expense and reported asset or liability amounts and future actual experience can differ from the assumptions. duke energy believes the most critical assumptions for pension and other post-retirement benefits are:
•   the assumed discount rate applied to future projected benefit payments; and
duke energy elects to amortize net actuarial gain or loss amounts that are in excess of 10 percent of the greater of the market-related value of plan assets or the plan's projected benefit obligation, into net pension or other post-retirement benefit expense over the average remaining service period of active participants expected to benefit under the plan. if all or almost all of a plan's participants are inactive, the average remaining life expectancy of the inactive participants is used instead of average remaining service period. prior service cost or credit, which represents an increase or decrease in a plan's pension benefit obligation resulting from plan amendment, is amortized on a straight-line basis over the average expected remaining service period of active participants expected to benefit under the plan. if all or almost all of a plan's participants are inactive, the average remaining life expectancy of the inactive participants is used instead of average remaining service period.
md&amp;a   critical accounting policies and estimates as of december 31, 2018, duke energy assumes pension and other post-retirement plan assets will generate a long-term rate of return of 6.85 percent. the expected long-term rate of return was developed using a weighted average calculation of expected returns based primarily on future expected returns across asset classes considering the use of active asset managers, where applicable. the asset allocation targets were set after considering the investment objective and the risk profile. equity securities are held for their higher expected returns. debt securities are primarily held to hedge the qualified pension liability. real assets, return-seeking fixed income, hedge funds and other global securities are held for diversification. investments within asset classes are diversified to achieve broad market participation and reduce the impact of individual managers on investments.
duke energy discounted its future u.s. pension and other post-retirement obligations using a rate of 4.3 percent as of december 31, 2018. discount rates used to measure benefit plan obligations for financial reporting purposes reflect rates at which pension benefits could be effectively settled. as of december 31, 2018, duke energy determined its discount rate for u.s. pension and other post-retirement obligations using a bond selection-settlement portfolio approach. this approach develops a discount rate by selecting a portfolio of high quality corporate bonds that generate sufficient cash flow to provide for projected benefit payments of the plan. the selected bond portfolio is derived from a universe of non-callable corporate bonds rated aa quality or higher. after the bond portfolio is selected, a single interest rate is determined that equates the present value of the plan's projected benefit payments discounted at this rate with the market value of the bonds selected.
future changes in plan asset returns, assumed discount rates and various other factors related to the participants in duke energy's pension and post-retirement plans will impact future pension expense and liabilities. duke energy cannot predict with certainty what these factors will be in the future. the following table presents the approximate effect on duke energy's 2018 pretax pension expense, pretax other post-retirement expense, pension obligation and other post-retirement benefit obligation if a 0.25 percent change in rates were to occur.
effect on pension and other post-retirement benefit obligation at december 31, 2018
duke energy's other post-retirement plan uses a health care cost trend rate covering both pre- and post-age 65 retired plan participants, which is comprised of a medical care cost trend rate, which reflects the near- and long-term expectation of increases in medical costs, and a prescription drug cost trend rate, which reflects the near- and long-term expectation of increases in prescription drug costs. as of december 31, 2018, the health care cost trend rate was 6.5 percent, trending down to 4.75 percent by 2024. the following table presents the approximate effect on duke energy's 2018 pretax other post-retirement expense and other post-retirement benefit obligation if a 1 percentage point change in the health care cost trend rate were to occur. these plans are closed to new employees.
effect on other post-retirement benefit obligation at december 31, 2018          22               (20         )
for further information, see note 22 to the consolidated financial statements, "employee benefit plans."
liquidity and capital resources sources and uses of cash duke energy relies primarily upon cash flows from operations, debt and equity issuances and its existing cash and cash equivalents to fund its liquidity and capital requirements. duke energy's capital requirements arise primarily from capital and investment expenditures, repaying long-term debt and paying dividends to shareholders.
among other provisions, the tax act lowers the corporate federal income tax rate from 35 to 21 percent and eliminates bonus depreciation for regulated utilities. for duke energy's regulated operations, the reduction in federal income taxes is expected to result in lower regulated customer rates. however, due to its existing nol position and other tax credits, duke energy does not expect to be a significant federal cash tax payer through at least 2022. as a result, any reduction in customer rates could cause a material reduction in consolidated cash flows from operations in the short term. over time, the reduction in deferred tax liabilities resulting from the tax act will increase duke energy's regulated rate base investments and customer rates. impacts of tax act to duke energy's cash flows and credit metrics are subject to the regulatory actions of its state commissions and the ferc. see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, "regulatory matters," for additional information.
the subsidiary registrants generally maintain minimal cash balances and use short-term borrowings to meet their working capital needs and other cash requirements. the subsidiary registrants, excluding progress energy (parent), support their short-term borrowing needs through participation with duke energy and certain of its other subsidiaries in a money pool arrangement. the companies with short-term funds may provide short-term loans to affiliates participating under this arrangement. see note 6 to the consolidated financial statements, "debt and credit facilities," for additional discussion of the money pool arrangement.
md&amp;a   liquidity and capital resources duke energy and the subsidiary registrants, excluding progress energy (parent), may also use short-term debt, including commercial paper and the money pool, as a bridge to long-term debt financings. the levels of borrowing may vary significantly over the course of the year due to the timing of long-term debt financings and the impact of fluctuations in cash flows from operations. from time to time, duke energy's current liabilities exceed current assets resulting from the use of short-term debt as a funding source to meet scheduled maturities of long-term debt, as well as cash needs, which can fluctuate due to the seasonality of its businesses.
equity issuance in order to strengthen its balance sheet and credit metrics and bolster cash flows, duke energy plans to issue $500 million of common stock equity per year through 2023 through the drip and atm programs. see note 19 to the consolidated financial statements, "common stock," for further information regarding duke energy's equity issuances in 2018.
credit facilities and registration statements see note 6 to the consolidated financial statements, "debt and credit facilities," for further information regarding credit facilities and shelf registration statements available to duke energy and the duke energy registrants.
capital expenditures duke energy continues to focus on reducing risk and positioning its business for future success and will invest principally in its strongest business sectors. duke energy's projected capital and investment expenditures, including debt afudc and capitalized interest, for the next three fiscal years are included in the table below.
customer additions                                                          505             480             475
total electric utilities and infrastructure                               8,500           7,725           7,450
gas utilities and infrastructure                                          1,675           2,000           1,600
total projected capital and investment expenditures                     $11,100         $10,550          $9,675
debt maturities see note 6 to the consolidated financial statements, "debt and credit facilities," for further information regarding significant components of current maturities of long-term debt on the consolidated balance sheets.
dividend payments in 2018, duke energy paid quarterly cash dividends for the 92nd consecutive year and expects to continue its policy of paying regular cash dividends in the future. there is no assurance as to the amount of future dividends because they depend on future earnings, capital requirements, financial condition and are subject to the discretion of the board of directors.
duke energy targets a dividend payout ratio of between 65 and 75 percent, based upon adjusted diluted eps, and expects this trend to continue through 2023. in 2017 and 2018, duke energy increased the dividend by approximately 4 percent annually, and the company remains committed to continued growth of the dividend.
dividend and other funding restrictions of duke energy subsidiaries as discussed in note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, "regulatory matters," duke energy's wholly owned public utility operating companies have restrictions on the amount of funds that can be transferred to duke energy through dividends, advances or loans as a result of conditions imposed by various regulators in conjunction with merger transactions. duke energy progress and duke energy florida also have restrictions imposed by their first mortgage bond indentures and articles of incorporation, which in certain circumstances, limit their ability to make cash dividends or distributions on common stock. additionally, certain other duke energy subsidiaries have other restrictions, such as minimum working capital and tangible net worth requirements pursuant to debt and other agreements that limit the amount of funds that can be transferred to duke energy. at december 31, 2018, the amount of restricted net assets of wholly owned subsidiaries of duke energy that may not be distributed to duke energy in the form of a loan or dividend does not exceed a material amount of duke energy's net assets. duke energy does not have any legal or other restrictions on paying common stock dividends to shareholders out of its consolidated equity accounts. although these restrictions cap the amount of funding the various operating subsidiaries can provide to duke energy, management does not believe these restrictions will have a significant impact on duke energy's ability to access cash to meet its payment of dividends on common stock and other future funding obligations.
md&amp;a   liquidity and capital resources cash flows from operating activities cash flows from operations of electric utilities and infrastructure and gas utilities and infrastructure are primarily driven by sales of electricity and natural gas, respectively, and costs of operations. these cash flows from operations are relatively stable and comprise a substantial portion of duke energy's operating cash flows. weather conditions, working capital and commodity price fluctuations and unanticipated expenses including unplanned plant outages, storms, legal costs and related settlements can affect the timing and level of cash flows from operations.
duke energy believes it has sufficient liquidity resources through the commercial paper markets, and ultimately, the master credit facility, to support these operations. cash flows from operations are subject to a number of other factors, including, but not limited to, regulatory constraints, economic trends and market volatility (see item 1a, "risk factors," for additional information).
debt issuances depending on availability based on the issuing entity, the credit rating of the issuing entity, and market conditions, the subsidiary registrants prefer to issue first mortgage bonds and secured debt, followed by unsecured debt. this preference is the result of generally higher credit ratings for first mortgage bonds and secured debt, which typically result in lower interest costs. duke energy corporation primarily issues unsecured debt.
in 2019, duke energy anticipates issuing additional debt of $7.5 billion, primarily for the purpose of funding capital expenditures and debt maturities. see to note 6 to the consolidated financial statements, "debt and credit facilities," for further information regarding significant debt issuances in 2018.
duke energy's capitalization is balanced between debt and equity as shown in the table below.
equity               44   %                43   %                43   %
restrictive debt covenants duke energy's debt and credit agreements contain various financial and other covenants. duke energy's master credit facility contains a covenant requiring the debt-to-total capitalization ratio to not exceed 65 percent for each borrower, excluding piedmont, and 70 percent for piedmont. failure to meet those covenants beyond applicable grace periods could result in accelerated due dates and/or termination of the agreements or sublimits thereto. as of december 31, 2018, each of the duke energy registrants was in compliance with all covenants related to their debt agreements. in addition, some credit agreements may allow for acceleration of payments or termination of the agreements due to nonpayment, or acceleration of other significant indebtedness of the borrower or some of its subsidiaries. none of the debt or credit agreements contain material adverse change clauses.
md&amp;a   liquidity and capital resources credit ratings moody's, s&p and fitch ratings, inc. provide credit ratings for various duke energy registrants. the following table includes duke energy and certain subsidiaries' credit ratings and ratings outlook as of february 2019.
moody's   s&amp;p   fitch duke energy corporation   stable    stable    stable issuer credit rating      baa1      a-        bbb+
duke energy carolinas     stable    stable    n/a senior secured debt       aa2       a         n/a senior unsecured debt     a1        a-        n/a progress energy           stable    stable    n/a senior unsecured debt     baa1      bbb+      n/a duke energy progress      stable    stable    n/a senior secured debt       aa3       a         n/a duke energy florida       stable    stable    n/a senior secured debt       a1        a         n/a senior unsecured debt     a3        a-        n/a duke energy ohio          stable    stable    n/a senior secured debt       a2        a         n/a senior unsecured debt     baa1      a-        n/a duke energy indiana       stable    stable    n/a senior secured debt       aa3       a         n/a senior unsecured debt     a2        a-        n/a duke energy kentucky      stable    stable    n/a senior unsecured debt     baa1      a-        n/a piedmont natural gas      stable    stable    n/a senior unsecured          a3        a-        n/a credit ratings are intended to provide credit lenders a framework for comparing the credit quality of securities and are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold. the duke energy registrants' credit ratings are dependent on the rating agencies' assessments of their ability to meet their debt principal and interest obligations when they come due. if, as a result of market conditions or other factors, the duke energy registrants are unable to maintain current balance sheet strength, or if earnings and cash flow outlook materially deteriorates, credit ratings could be negatively impacted.
operating activities                                                       $7,186                $6,624                $6,863
investing activities                                                      (10,060    )           (8,442    )          (11,528    )
financing activities                                                        2,960                 1,782                 4,251
md&amp;a   liquidity and capital resources operating cash flows the following table summarizes key components of duke energy's operating cash flows for the three most recently completed fiscal years.
working capital                                (1,163   )          (1,230   )                67                 151                (1,381   )
net cash provided by operating activities      $7,186              $6,624                  $562              $6,863                 $(239   )
•   a $684 million increase in net income after adjustment for non-cash items primarily due to favorable weather and increased pricing and volumes in the current period; and
•   a $1,381 million decrease in working capital due to weather, payment of merger transaction and integration related costs and increased property tax payments in 2017.
•   a $969 million increase in net income after non-cash adjustments primarily due to the inclusion of piedmont's earnings for a full year, favorable pricing and weather-normal retail volumes driven by the residential class in the electric utilities and infrastructure segment combined with continued strong cost control;
capital, investment and acquisition expenditures                                                    $(9,668   )       $(8,198     )           $(1,470   )          $(13,215   )            $5,017
debt and equity securities, net                                                                         (15   )              27                   (42   )                83                   (56   )
other investing items                                                                                  (418   )       (271        )              (147   )               186                  (457   )
net cash used in investing activities                                                              $(10,060   )       $(8,442     )           $(1,618   )          $(11,528   )            $3,086
md&amp;a   liquidity and capital resources the primary use of cash related to investing activities is capital, investment and acquisition expenditures, detailed by reportable business segment in the following table.
electric utilities and infrastructure                       $8,086                $7,024                $6,649
gas utilities and infrastructure                             1,133                   907                 5,519
total capital, investment and acquisition expenditures      $9,668                $8,198               $13,215
•   a $1,470 million increase in capital, investment and acquisition expenditures in all reportable business segments, including expenditures related to w.s. lee cc, asheville and citrus county cc at duke energy carolinas, duke energy progress and duke energy florida, respectively.
•   a $5,017 million decrease in capital, investment and acquisition expenditures mainly due to the piedmont acquisition in the prior year.
other financing items                              29                   1                    28                 (16   )                17
net cash provided by financing activities      $2,960              $1,782                $1,178              $4,251               $(2,469   )
•   a $1,533 million increase in net borrowings from notes payable and commercial paper primarily due to increased funding requirements for capital expenditures and storm costs.
•   a $2,200 million net decrease in proceeds from issuances of long-term debt primarily due to timing related to refinancing of existing maturities, fund growth and general corporate needs.
•   a $2,722 million net decrease in proceeds from issuances of long-term debt driven principally by the prior year $3,750 million of senior unsecured notes used to fund a portion of the piedmont acquisition, offset primarily by $900 million of first mortgage bonds issued by duke energy florida in the current year to fund capital expenditures for ongoing construction and capital maintenance and for general corporate purposes;
•   a $731 million decrease in proceeds from stock issuances used to fund a portion of the piedmont acquisition in 2016; and
md&amp;a   off-balance sheet arrangements and contractual obligations off-balance sheet arrangements duke energy and certain of its subsidiaries enter into guarantee arrangements in the normal course of business to facilitate commercial transactions with third parties. these arrangements include performance guarantees, standby letters of credit, debt guarantees, surety bonds and indemnifications.
most of the guarantee arrangements entered into by duke energy enhance the credit standing of certain subsidiaries, non-consolidated entities or less than wholly owned entities, enabling them to conduct business. as such, these guarantee arrangements involve elements of performance and credit risk, which are not always included on the consolidated balance sheets. the possibility of duke energy, either on its own or on behalf of spectra energy capital, llc (spectra capital) through indemnification agreements entered into as part of the january 2, 2007, spin-off of spectra energy corp, having to honor its contingencies is largely dependent upon the future operations of the subsidiaries, investees and other third parties, or the occurrence of certain future events.
duke energy performs ongoing assessments of its respective guarantee obligations to determine whether any liabilities have been incurred as a result of potential increased non-performance risk by third parties for which duke energy has issued guarantees. see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements, "guarantees and indemnifications," for further details of the guarantee arrangements. issuance of these guarantee arrangements is not required for the majority of duke energy's operations. thus, if duke energy discontinued issuing these guarantees, there would not be a material impact to the consolidated results of operations, cash flows or financial position.
other than the guarantee arrangements discussed above, normal operating lease arrangements and off-balance sheet debt related to non-consolidated vies, duke energy does not have any material off-balance sheet financing entities or structures. for additional information, see notes 5 and 17 to the consolidated financial statements, "commitments and contingencies" and "variable interest entities," respectively.
contractual obligations duke energy enters into contracts that require payment of cash at certain specified periods, based on certain specified minimum quantities and prices. the following table summarizes duke energy's contractual cash obligations as of december 31, 2018.
capital leases(c)                                       1,428                   170                     351                     330                     577
(a)   see note 6 to the consolidated financial statements, "debt and credit facilities."
(c)   see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements, "commitments and contingencies." amounts in the table above include the interest component of capital leases based on the interest rates stated in the lease agreements and exclude certain related executory costs. amounts exclude contingent lease obligations.
(d)   current liabilities, except for current maturities of long-term debt, and purchase obligations reflected on the consolidated balance sheets have been excluded from the above table.
(e)   includes firm capacity payments that provide duke energy with uninterrupted firm access to electricity transmission capacity and natural gas transportation contracts, as well as undesignated contracts and contracts that qualify as npns. for contracts where the price paid is based on an index, the amount is based on market prices at december 31, 2018, or the best projections of the index. for certain of these amounts, duke energy may settle on a net cash basis since duke energy has entered into payment netting arrangements with counterparties that permit duke energy to offset receivables and payables with such counterparties.
(f)   amounts exclude obligations under the ovec purchase power agreement. see note 17 to the consolidated financial statements, "variable interest entities," for additional information.
(g)   includes contracts for software, telephone, data and consulting or advisory services. amount also includes contractual obligations for epc costs for new generation plants, wind and solar facilities, plant refurbishments, maintenance and day-to-day contract work and commitments to buy certain products. amount excludes certain open purchase orders for services that are provided on demand, for which the timing of the purchase cannot be determined.
(i)   related to commercial renewables wind and solar facilities.
(j)   unrecognized tax benefits of $24 million are not reflected in this table as duke energy cannot predict when open income tax years will close with completed examinations. see note 23 to the consolidated financial statements, "income taxes."
(k)   the table above excludes reserves for litigation, environmental remediation, asbestos-related injuries and damages claims and self-insurance claims (see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements, "commitments and contingencies") because duke energy is uncertain as to the timing and amount of cash payments that will be required. additionally, the table above excludes annual insurance premiums that are necessary to operate the business, including nuclear insurance (see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements, "commitments and contingencies"), funding of pension and other post-retirement benefit plans (see note 22 to the consolidated financial statements, "employee benefit plans"), aros, including ash management expenditures (see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements, "asset retirement obligations") and regulatory liabilities (see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, "regulatory matters") because the amount and timing of the cash payments are uncertain. also excluded are deferred income taxes and itcs recorded on the consolidated balance sheets since cash payments for income taxes are determined based primarily on taxable income for each discrete fiscal year.
quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk risk management policies the enterprise risk management policy framework at duke energy includes strategy, operational, project execution and financial or transaction related risks. enterprise risk management includes market risk as part of the financial and transaction related risks in its framework.
duke energy is exposed to market risks associated with commodity prices, interest rates and equity prices. duke energy has established comprehensive risk management policies to monitor and manage these market risks. duke energy's chief executive officer and chief financial officer are responsible for the overall approval of market risk management policies and the delegation of approval and authorization levels. the finance and risk management committee of the board of directors receives periodic updates from the chief risk officer and other members of management on market risk positions, corporate exposures and overall risk management activities. the chief risk officer is responsible for the overall governance of managing commodity price risk, including monitoring exposure limits.
the following disclosures about market risk contain forward-looking statements that involve estimates, projections, goals, forecasts, assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. see item 1a, "risk factors," and "cautionary statement regarding forward-looking information" for a discussion of the factors that may impact any such forward-looking statements made herein.
commodity price risk duke energy is exposed to the impact of market fluctuations in the prices of electricity, coal, natural gas and other energy-related products marketed and purchased as a result of its ownership of energy-related assets. duke energy's exposure to these fluctuations is limited by the cost-based regulation of its regulated operations as these operations are typically allowed to recover substantially all of these costs through various cost-recovery clauses, including fuel clauses, formula based contracts, or other cost-sharing mechanisms. while there may be a delay in timing between when these costs are incurred and when they are recovered through rates, changes from year to year generally do not have a material impact on operating results of these regulated operations.
price risk represents the potential risk of loss from adverse changes in the market price of electricity or other energy commodities. duke energy's exposure to commodity price risk is influenced by a number of factors, including contract size, length, market liquidity, location and unique or specific contract terms. duke energy employs established policies and procedures to manage risks associated with these market fluctuations, which may include using various commodity derivatives, such as swaps, futures, forwards and options. for additional information, see note 14 to the consolidated financial statements, "derivatives and hedging."
the inputs and methodologies used to determine the fair value of contracts are validated by an internal group separate from duke energy's deal origination function. while duke energy uses common industry practices to develop its valuation techniques, changes in its pricing methodologies or the underlying assumptions could result in significantly different fair values and income recognition.
hedging strategies duke energy closely monitors risks associated with commodity price changes on its future operations and, where appropriate, uses various commodity instruments such as electricity, coal and natural gas forward contracts and options to mitigate the effect of such fluctuations on operations. duke energy's primary use of energy commodity derivatives is to hedge against exposure to the prices of power, fuel for generation and natural gas for customers.
the majority of instruments used to manage duke energy's commodity price exposure are either not designated as hedges or do not qualify for hedge accounting. these instruments are referred to as undesignated contracts. mark-to-market changes for undesignated contracts entered into by regulated businesses are reflected as regulatory assets or liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. undesignated contracts entered into by unregulated businesses are marked-to-market each period, with changes in the fair value of the derivative instruments reflected in earnings.
duke energy may also enter into other contracts that qualify for the npns exception. when a contract meets the criteria to qualify as npns, duke energy applies such exception. income recognition and realization related to npns contracts generally coincide with the physical delivery of the commodity. for contracts qualifying for the npns exception, no recognition of the contract's fair value in the consolidated financial statements is required until settlement of the contract as long as the transaction remains probable of occurring.
md&amp;a   quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk generation portfolio risks the duke energy registrants optimize the value of their generation portfolios, which include generation assets, fuel and emission allowances. modeled forecasts of future generation output and fuel requirements are based on forward power and fuel markets. the component pieces of the portfolio are bought and sold based on models and forecasts of generation in order to manage the economic value of the portfolio in accordance with the strategies of the business units.
for the electric utilities and infrastructure segment, the generation portfolio not utilized to serve retail operations or committed load is subject to commodity price fluctuations. however, the impact on the consolidated statements of operations is partially offset by mechanisms in these regulated jurisdictions that result in the sharing of net profits from these activities with retail customers.
interest rate risk duke energy is exposed to risk resulting from changes in interest rates as a result of its issuance or anticipated issuance of variable and fixed-rate debt and commercial paper. duke energy manages interest rate exposure by limiting variable-rate exposures to a percentage of total debt and by monitoring the effects of market changes in interest rates. duke energy also enters into financial derivative instruments, which may include instruments such as, but not limited to, interest rate swaps, swaptions and u.s. treasury lock agreements to manage and mitigate interest rate risk exposure. see notes 1, 6, 14 and 16 to the consolidated financial statements, "summary of significant accounting policies," "debt and credit facilities," "derivatives and hedging," and "fair value measurements."
at december 31, 2018, duke energy had $1.2 billion of u.s. treasury lock agreements, $644 million notional amount of floating-to-fixed swaps outstanding, $500 million notional amount of fixed-to-floating swaps outstanding and $300 million forward-starting swaps outstanding. duke energy had $8.0 billion of unhedged long- and short-term floating interest rate exposure at december 31, 2018. the impact of a 100 basis point change in interest rates on pretax income is approximately $80 million at december 31, 2018. this amount was estimated by considering the impact of the hypothetical interest rates on variable-rate securities outstanding, adjusted for interest rate hedges as of december 31, 2018.
see note 14, "derivatives and hedging," to the consolidated financial statements for additional information about the forward-starting interest rate swaps related to the piedmont acquisition.
credit risk credit risk represents the loss that the duke energy registrants would incur if a counterparty fails to perform under its contractual obligations. where exposed to credit risk, the duke energy registrants analyze the counterparty's financial condition prior to entering into an agreement and monitor exposure on an ongoing basis. the duke energy registrants establish credit limits where appropriate in the context of contractual arrangements and monitor such limits.
to reduce credit exposure, the duke energy registrants seek to include netting provisions with counterparties, which permit the offset of receivables and payables with such counterparties. the duke energy registrants also frequently use master agreements with credit support annexes to further mitigate certain credit exposures. the master agreements provide for a counterparty to post cash or letters of credit to the exposed party for exposure in excess of an established threshold. the threshold amount represents a negotiated unsecured credit limit for each party to the agreement, determined in accordance with the duke energy registrants' internal corporate credit practices and standards. collateral agreements generally also provide that the inability to post collateral is sufficient cause to terminate contracts and liquidate all positions.
the duke energy registrants also obtain cash or letters of credit from certain counterparties to provide credit support outside of collateral agreements, where appropriate, based on a financial analysis of the counterparty and the regulatory or contractual terms and conditions applicable to each transaction. see note 14 to the consolidated financial statements, "derivatives and hedging," for additional information regarding credit risk related to derivative instruments.
the duke energy registrants' principal counterparties for its electric and natural gas businesses are regional transmission organizations, distribution companies, municipalities, electric cooperatives and utilities located throughout the u.s. the duke energy registrants have concentrations of receivables from such entities throughout these regions. these concentrations of receivables may affect the duke energy registrants' overall credit risk in that risk factors can negatively impact the credit quality of the entire sector.
the duke energy registrants are also subject to credit risk from transactions with their suppliers that involve prepayments in conjunction with outsourcing arrangements, major construction projects and certain commodity purchases. the duke energy registrants' credit exposure to such suppliers may take the form of increased costs or project delays in the event of non-performance. the duke energy registrants' frequently require guarantees or letters of credit from suppliers to mitigate this credit risk.
credit risk associated with the duke energy registrants' service to residential, commercial and industrial customers is generally limited to outstanding accounts receivable. the duke energy registrants mitigate this credit risk by requiring customers to provide a cash deposit, letter of credit or surety bond until a satisfactory payment history is established, subject to the rules and regulations in effect in each retail jurisdiction, at which time the deposit is typically refunded. charge-offs for retail customers have historically been insignificant to the operations of the duke energy registrants and are typically recovered through retail rates. management continually monitors customer charge-offs and payment patterns to ensure the adequacy of bad debt reserves. duke energy ohio and duke energy indiana sell certain of their accounts receivable and related collections through crc, a duke energy consolidated variable interest entity. losses on collection are first absorbed by the equity of crc and next by the subordinated retained interests held by duke energy ohio, duke energy kentucky and duke energy indiana. see note 17 to the consolidated financial statements, "variable interest entities." duke energy also provides certain non-tariff services, primarily to large commercial and industrial customers, in which incurred costs are intended to be recovered from the individual customer and therefore are not subject to rate recovery in the event of customer default. customer credit worthiness is assessed prior to entering into these transactions.
md&amp;a   quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk duke energy's commercial renewables business segment enters into long-term agreements with certain creditworthy buyers that may not include the right to call for collateral in the event of a credit rating downgrade, and is therefore exposed to market price risk and credit risk related to these agreements. credit concentration exists to certain counterparties on these agreements.
duke energy carolinas has third-party insurance to cover certain losses related to asbestos-related injuries and damages above an aggregate self-insured retention. see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements, "commitments and contingencies" for information on asbestos-related injuries and damages claims.
the duke energy registrants also have credit risk exposure through issuance of performance and financial guarantees, letters of credit and surety bonds on behalf of less than wholly owned entities and third parties. where the duke energy registrants have issued these guarantees, it is possible that they could be required to perform under these guarantee obligations in the event the obligor under the guarantee fails to perform. where the duke energy registrants have issued guarantees related to assets or operations that have been disposed of via sale, they attempt to secure indemnification from the buyer against all future performance obligations under the guarantees. see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements, "guarantees and indemnifications," for further information on guarantees issued by the duke energy registrants.
based on the duke energy registrants' policies for managing credit risk, their exposures and their credit and other reserves, the duke energy registrants do not currently anticipate a materially adverse effect on their consolidated financial position or results of operations as a result of non-performance by any counterparty.
marketable securities price risk as described further in note 15 to the consolidated financial statements, "investments in debt and equity securities," duke energy invests in debt and equity securities as part of various investment portfolios to fund certain obligations. the vast majority of investments in equity securities are within the ndtf and assets of the various pension and other post-retirement benefit plans.
pension plan assets duke energy maintains investments to facilitate funding the costs of providing non-contributory defined benefit retirement and other post-retirement benefit plans. these investments are exposed to price fluctuations in equity markets and changes in interest rates. the equity securities held in these pension plans are diversified to achieve broad market participation and reduce the impact of any single investment, sector or geographic region. duke energy has established asset allocation targets for its pension plan holdings, which take into consideration the investment objectives and the risk profile with respect to the trust in which the assets are held. see note 22 to the consolidated financial statements, "employee benefit plans," for additional information regarding investment strategy of pension plan assets.
a significant decline in the value of plan asset holdings could require duke energy to increase funding of its pension plans in future periods, which could adversely affect cash flows in those periods. additionally, a decline in the fair value of plan assets, absent additional cash contributions to the plan, could increase the amount of pension cost required to be recorded in future periods, which could adversely affect duke energy's results of operations in those periods.
nuclear decommissioning trust funds as required by the nrc, ncuc, pscsc and fpsc, subsidiaries of duke energy maintain trust funds to fund the costs of nuclear decommissioning. as of december 31, 2018, these funds were invested primarily in domestic and international equity securities, debt securities, cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments. per the nrc, internal revenue code, ncuc, pscsc and fpsc requirements, these funds may be used only for activities related to nuclear decommissioning. these investments are exposed to price fluctuations in equity markets and changes in interest rates. duke energy actively monitors its portfolios by benchmarking the performance of its investments against certain indices and by maintaining, and periodically reviewing, target allocation percentages for various asset classes.
accounting for nuclear decommissioning recognizes that costs are recovered through retail and wholesale rates; therefore, fluctuations in investment prices do not materially affect the consolidated statements of operations, as changes in the fair value of these investments are primarily deferred as regulatory assets or regulatory liabilities pursuant to orders by the ncuc, pscsc, fpsc and ferc. earnings or losses of the fund will ultimately impact the amount of costs recovered through retail and wholesale rates. see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements, "asset retirement obligations," for additional information regarding nuclear decommissioning costs. see note 15 to the consolidated financial statements, "investments in debt and equity securities," for additional information regarding ndtf assets.
other matters environmental regulations the duke energy registrants are subject to federal, state and local regulations regarding air and water quality, hazardous and solid waste disposal and other environmental matters. these regulations can be changed from time to time and result in new obligations of the duke energy registrants.
md&amp;a   other matters coal combustion residuals in april 2015, epa published a rule to regulate the disposal of ccr from electric utilities as solid waste. the federal regulation classifies ccr as nonhazardous waste and allows for beneficial use of ccr with some restrictions. the regulation applies to all new and existing landfills, new and existing surface impoundments receiving ccr and existing surface impoundments that are no longer receiving ccr but contain liquid located at stations currently generating electricity (regardless of fuel source). the rule establishes requirements regarding landfill design, structural integrity design and assessment criteria for surface impoundments, groundwater monitoring, protection and remedial procedures and other operational and reporting procedures to ensure the safe disposal and management of ccr. various industry and environmental parties have appealed epa's ccr rule in the d.c. circuit court. on april 18, 2016, epa filed a motion with the federal court to settle five issues raised in litigation. on june 14, 2016, the court approved the motion with respect to all of those issues. duke energy does not expect a material impact from the settlement or that it will result in additional aro adjustments. on september 13, 2017, epa responded to a petition by the utility solid waste activities group that the agency would reconsider certain provisions of the final rule, and asked the d.c. circuit court to suspend the litigation. the d.c. circuit court denied epa's petition to suspend the litigation and oral argument was held on november 20, 2017. on august 21, 2018, the d.c. circuit issued its decision in the ccr rule litigation denying relief for industry petitioners' remaining claims and ruling in favor of environmental petitioners on a number of their challenges, including the regulation of inactive ccr surface impoundments at retired plants and the continued operation of unlined impoundments.
on march 15, 2018, epa published proposed amendments to the federal ccr rule, including revisions that were required as part of a ccr litigation settlement, as well as changes that the agency considers warranted due to the passage of the water infrastructure improvements for the nation act, which provides statutory authority for state and federal permit programs. on july 17, 2018, epa issued a rule (phase 1, part 1) finalizing certain, but not all, elements included in the agency's march 15, 2018, proposal. the final rule revises certain closure deadlines and groundwater protection standards in the ccr rule. it does not change the primary requirements for groundwater monitoring, corrective action, inspections and maintenance, and closure, and thus does not materially affect duke energy's coal ash basin closure plans or compliance obligations under the ccr rule. on october 22, 2018, a coalition of environmental groups filed a petition for review in the d.c. circuit court challenging epa's final phase 1, part 1 revisions to the ccr rule. briefing in the case concluded in february 2019.
in addition to the requirements of the federal ccr regulation, ccr landfills and surface impoundments will continue to be independently regulated by most states. cost recovery for future expenditures will be pursued through the normal ratemaking process with federal and state utility commissions and via wholesale contracts, which permit recovery of necessary and prudently incurred costs associated with duke energy's regulated operations. for more information, see notes 4 and 9 to the consolidated financial statements, "regulatory matters" and "asset retirement obligations," respectively.
aros recorded on the duke energy carolinas and duke energy progress consolidated balance sheets at december 31, 2018, and december 31, 2017, include the legal obligation for closure of coal ash basins and the disposal of related ash as a result of the coal ash act, the epa ccr rule and other agreements. the coal ash act includes a variance procedure for compliance deadlines and other issues surrounding the management of ccr and ccr surface impoundments and prohibits cost recovery in customer rates for unlawful discharge of ash impoundment waters occurring after january 1, 2014. the coal ash act leaves the decision on cost recovery determinations related to closure of ash impoundments to the normal ratemaking processes before utility regulatory commissions.
consistent with the requirements of the coal ash act, duke energy has submitted comprehensive site assessments and groundwater corrective plans to ncdeq and will submit to ncdeq site-specific coal ash impoundment closure plans in advance of closure. in support of these closure plans, on november 15, 2018, duke energy submitted options analyses, groundwater modeling and net environmental benefits analyses for six sites potentially eligible for closure by cap in place. separately, on november 16, 2018, duke energy submitted a variance application requesting that ncdeq grant a six-month extension to the closure deadline applicable to the ccr surface impoundments at the sutton plant. ncdeq held a public meeting on january 14, 2019 at which it announced that an extension would be appropriate. a final decision on the variance application is expected by april 15, 2019.
md&amp;a   other matters the current plans for each site are listed in the table below.
ncdeq risk classification   plants/current closure date                                                                                                                                                                                          expected closure method low                         allen - december 31, 2029(a)belews creek - december 31, 2029(a)buck - december 31, 2029(a)(b)rogers - december 31, 2029(a)marshall - december 31, 2029(a)mayo - december 31, 2029(a)roxboro - december 31, 2029(a)   combination of a cap system and a groundwater monitoring system, or for selected sites, conversion for beneficial use.
medium                      h.f. lee - december 31, 2029(b)cape fear - december 31, 2029(b)weatherspoon - august 1, 2028                                                                                                                         excavation, which may include conversion of the basin to a lined industrial landfill, transferring coal ash to an engineered landfill, or for selected sites, conversion for beneficial use.
high                        sutton - august 1, 2019riverbend - august 1, 2019dan river - august 1, 2019asheville - august 1, 2022                                                                                                                excavation, which may include a combination of transferring coal ash to an engineered landfill or for selected sites, conversion for beneficial use.
(b)   the coal ash act requires the installation and operation of three large-scale coal ash beneficiation projects to produce reprocessed ash for use in the concrete industry. duke energy has selected the buck, h.f. lee and cape fear plants for these projects. closure at these sites is required to be completed no later than december 31, 2029.
estimated cost and impacts of rulemakings duke energy will incur capital expenditures to comply with the environmental regulations and rules discussed above. the following table, as of december 31, 2018, provides five-year estimated costs, excluding afudc, of new control equipment that may need to be installed on existing power plants primarily to comply with the coal ash act requirements for conversion to dry disposal of bottom ash and fly ash, cwa 316(b) and elgs through december 31, 2023. the table excludes ash basin closure costs recorded in asset retirement obligations on the consolidated balance sheets. for more information related to aros, see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements.
the duke energy registrants also expect to incur increased fuel, purchased power, operation and maintenance and other expenses, in addition to costs for replacement generation for potential coal-fired power plant retirements, as a result of these regulations. actual compliance costs incurred may be materially different from these estimates due to reasons such as the timing and requirements of epa regulations and the resolution of legal challenges to the rules. the duke energy registrants intend to seek rate recovery of necessary and prudently incurred costs associated with regulated operations to comply with these regulations.
other environmental regulations the duke energy registrants are also subject to various federal, state and local regulations regarding air and water quality, hazardous and solid waste disposal and other environmental matters, including the following:
•   steam effluent limitation guidelines
•   clean power plan/ace rule duke energy continues to comply with enacted environmental laws and regulations even as certain of these regulations are in various stages of clarification, revision or legal challenges. the duke energy registrants cannot predict the outcome of these matters.
md&amp;a   other matters section 126 petitions on november 16, 2016, the state of maryland filed a petition with epa under section 126 of the clean air act alleging that 19 power plants, including two plants (three units) that duke energy registrants own and operate, contribute to violations of epa's naaqs for ozone in the state of maryland. on march 12, 2018, the state of new york filed a petition with epa, also under section 126 of the clean air act alleging that over 60 power plants, including four that duke energy registrants own and operate, contribute to violations of epa's ozone naaqs in the state of new york. both maryland and new york seek epa orders requiring the states in which the named power plants operate impose more stringent nox emission limitations on the plants. on october 5, 2018, epa published a final rule denying the maryland petition. that same day, maryland appealed epa's denial of their section 126 petition to the d.c. circuit court. the impact of these petitions could be more stringent requirements for the operation of nox emission controls at these plants. the duke energy registrants cannot predict the outcome of these matters.
global climate change the duke energy registrants' ghg emissions consist primarily of co2 and result primarily from operating a fleet of coal-fired and natural gas-fired power plants. in 2018, the duke energy registrants' power plants emitted approximately 105 million tons of co2. future levels of co2 emissions will be influenced by variables that include fuel prices, compliance with new or existing regulations, economic conditions that affect electricity demand and the technologies deployed to generate the electricity necessary to meet the customer demand.
the duke energy registrants have taken actions that have resulted in a reduction of co2 emissions over time. actions have included the retirement of 47 coal-fired egus with a combined generating capacity of 5,425 mw. much of that capacity has been replaced with state-of-the-art highly efficient natural gas-fired generation that produces far fewer co2 emissions per unit of electricity generated. duke energy also has made investments to expand its portfolio of wind and solar projects, increase energy efficiency offerings and invest in its zero-co2 emissions hydropower and nuclear plants. these efforts have diversified its system and significantly reduced co2 emissions. between 2005 and 2018, the duke energy registrants have collectively lowered the co2 emissions from their electricity generation by 31 percent, which potentially lowers the exposure to any future mandatory co2 emission reduction requirements or carbon tax, whether as a result of federal legislation, epa regulation, state regulation or other as yet unknown emission reduction requirement. duke energy will continue to explore the use of currently available and commercially demonstrated technology to reduce co2 emissions, including energy efficiency, wind, solar, storage and nuclear. duke energy will adjust to evolving and innovative technologies in a way that balances the reliability and affordability that customers expect. under any future scenario involving mandatory co2 limitations, the duke energy registrants would plan to seek recovery of their compliance costs through appropriate regulatory mechanisms.
the duke energy registrants recognize certain groups associate severe weather events with increasing levels of ghgs in the atmosphere and forecast the possibility these weather events could have a material impact on future results of operations should they occur more frequently and with greater severity. however, the uncertain nature of potential changes in extreme weather events (such as increased frequency, duration and severity), the long period of time over which any potential changes might take place and the inability to predict potential changes with any degree of accuracy, make estimating any potential future financial risk to the duke energy registrants' operations impossible.
the duke energy registrants annually, biannually or triennially prepare lengthy, forward-looking irps. these detailed, highly technical plans are based on the company's thorough analysis of numerous factors that can impact the cost of producing and delivering electricity that influence long-term resource planning decisions. the irp process helps to evaluate a range of options, taking into account forecasts of future electricity demand, fuel prices, transmission improvements, new generating capacity, integration of renewables, energy storage, energy efficiency and demand response initiatives. the irp process also helps evaluate potential environmental and regulatory scenarios to better mitigate policy and economic risks. the irps we file with regulators look out 10 to 20 years depending on the jurisdiction.
for a number of years, the duke energy registrants have included a price on co2 emissions in their irp planning process to account for the potential regulation of co2 emissions. incorporating a price on co2 emissions in the irps allows for the evaluation of existing and future resource needs against potential climate change policy risk in the absence of policy certainty. one of the challenges with using a co2 price, especially in the absence of a clear and certain policy, is determining the appropriate price to use. to address this uncertainty and ensure the company remains agile, the duke energy registrants typically use a range of potential co2 prices to reflect a range of potential policy outcomes.
the duke energy registrants routinely take steps to reduce the potential impact of severe weather events on their electric distribution systems by modernizing the electric grid through smart meters, storm hardening, self-healing and targeted undergrounding and applying lessons learned from previous storms to restoration efforts. the duke energy registrants' electric generating facilities are designed to withstand extreme weather events without significant damage. the duke energy registrants maintain an inventory of coal and oil on-site to mitigate the effects of any potential short-term disruption in fuel supply so they can continue to provide customers with an uninterrupted supply of electricity.
state legislation in july 2017, the north carolina general assembly passed house bill 589, and it was subsequently enacted into law by the governor. the law includes, among other things, overall reform of the application of purpa for new solar projects in the state, a requirement for the utility to procure approximately 2,600 mw of renewable energy through a competitive bidding process and recovery of costs related to the competitive bidding process through the fuel clause and a competitive procurement rider. the law stipulated certain deadlines for duke energy to file for ncuc approval of programs required under the law. duke energy has made some regulatory filings since the passage of the law and will continue to implement the requirements of house bill 589.
in july 2018, duke energy issued an rfp for the first tranche of 680 mw. in accordance with the provisions of hb 589, total procurement will be changed based upon how much generation with no economic dispatch or curtailment occurs over the procurement period. most of this type of generation is solar procured under purpa. based upon the current forecasted amount of such generation that will occur over procurement period, duke energy estimates the total under hb 589 competitive procurement will be approximately 1,500 to 2,000 mw.
in various states, legislation is being considered to allow third-party sales of electricity. deregulation or restructuring in the electric industry may result in increased competition and unrecovered costs. the duke energy registrants cannot predict the outcome of these initiatives.
md&amp;a   other matters liquefied natural gas facility piedmont natural gas plans to build a liquefied natural gas facility in robeson county, north carolina. the project is expected to be completed in the summer of 2021 at a cost of $250 million. construction will begin in the summer of 2019.