item 1a. risk factors an investment in our common stock or debt securities is subject to risks and uncertainties. investors should consider the following factors, in addition to the other information contained in this annual report on form 10-k, before deciding whether to purchase our securities.
our revenue is concentrated with the u.s. government. this customer relationship involves some specific risks. in addition, our sales to non-u.s. customers expose us to different financial and legal risks. despite the varying nature of our u.s. and non-u.s. defense and business-aviation operations and the markets they serve, each segment shares some common risks, such as the ongoing development of high-technology products and the price, availability and quality of commodities and subsystems.
the u.s. government provides a significant portion of our revenue. in 2018, approximately 65% of our consolidated revenue was from the u.s. government. levels of u.s. defense spending are driven by threats to national security. competing demands for federal funds can pressure various areas of spending. decreases in u.s. government defense spending or changes in spending allocation or priorities could result in one or more of our programs being reduced, delayed or terminated, which could impact our financial performance.
the budget control act of 2011 (bca) establishes caps for defense spending over a 10-year period through 2021, including a sequester mechanism that would impose additional defense cuts. in february 2018, the congress approved increases to the bca spending caps through fiscal year (fy) 2019. however, the bca's spending limits for fy 2020 and fy 2021 have not been increased or otherwise modified. the president's defense budget estimates for fy 2020 and beyond exceed the spending limits established by the bca. as a result, continued budget uncertainty and the risk of future sequestration cuts remain unless the bca is repealed or significantly modified.
while it is impossible to predict the exact impact on our programs or financial outlook in light of the inherent uncertainty attendant to the sequestration process, the magnitude of potential funding reductions
imposed by the sequester mechanism as written, could in the aggregate have material adverse operational and financial consequences, depending on how the cuts are allocated across the budget.
for additional information relating to the u.s. defense budget, see the business environment section of management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in item 7.
u.s. government contracts are not always fully funded at inception, and any funding is subject to disruption or delay. our u.s. government revenue is funded by agency budgets that operate on an october-to-september fiscal year. early each calendar year, the president of the united states presents to the congress the budget for the upcoming fiscal year. this budget proposes funding levels for every federal agency and is the result of months of policy and program reviews throughout the executive branch. for the remainder of the year, the appropriations and authorization committees of the congress review the president's budget proposals and establish the funding levels for the upcoming fiscal year. once these levels are enacted into law, the executive office of the president administers the funds to the agencies.
there are two primary risks associated with the u.s. government budget cycle. first, the annual process may be delayed or disrupted. if the annual budget is not approved by the beginning of the government fiscal year, portions of the u.s. government can shut down or operate under a continuing resolution that maintains spending at prior-year levels, which can impact funding for our programs and timing of new awards. second, the congress typically appropriates funds on a fiscal-year basis, even though contract performance may extend over many years. future revenue under existing multi-year contracts is conditioned on the continuing availability of congressional appropriations. changes in appropriations in subsequent years may impact the funding available for these programs. delays or changes in funding can impact the timing of available funds or lead to changes in program content.
our u.s. government contracts are subject to termination rights by the customer. u.s. government contracts generally permit the government to terminate a contract, in whole or in part, for convenience. if a contract is terminated for convenience, a contractor usually is entitled to receive payments for its allowable costs incurred and the proportionate share of fees or earnings for the work performed. the government may also terminate a contract for default in the event of a breach by the contractor. if a contract is terminated for default, the government in most cases pays only for the work it has accepted. the termination of multiple or large programs could have a material adverse effect on our future revenue and earnings.
government contractors operate in a highly regulated environment and are subject to audit by the u.s. government. numerous u.s. government agencies routinely audit and review government contractors. these agencies review a contractor's performance under its contracts and compliance with applicable laws, regulations and standards. the u.s. government also reviews the adequacy of, and compliance with, internal control systems and policies, including the contractor's purchasing, property, estimating, material, earned value management and accounting systems. in some cases, audits may result in delayed payments or contractor costs not being reimbursed or subject to repayment. if an audit or investigation were to result in allegations against a contractor of improper or illegal activities, civil or criminal penalties and administrative sanctions could result, including termination of contracts, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines and suspension or prohibition from doing business with the u.s. government. in addition, reputational harm could result if allegations of impropriety were made. in some cases, audits may result in disputes with the respective government agency that can result in negotiated settlements, arbitration or litigation. moreover, new laws, regulations or standards, or changes to existing ones, can increase our performance and compliance costs and reduce our profitability.
individual and government customers in the united states and around the world. the aerospace segment's results also depend on other factors, including general economic conditions, the availability of credit, pricing pressures and trends in capital goods markets. in addition, if customers default on existing contracts and the contracts are not replaced, the segment's anticipated revenue and profitability could be reduced materially.
earnings and margin depend on our ability to perform on our contracts. when agreeing to contractual terms, our management team makes assumptions and projections about future conditions and events. the accounting for our contracts and programs requires assumptions and estimates about these conditions and events. these projections and estimates assess:
•   the productivity and availability of labor;
•   the complexity of the work to be performed;
•   the cost and availability of materials and components; and
if there is a significant change in one or more of these circumstances, estimates or assumptions, or if the risks under our contracts are not managed adequately, the profitability of contracts could be adversely affected. this could affect earnings and margin materially.
earnings and margin depend in part on subcontractor and vendor performance. we rely on other companies to provide materials, components and subsystems for our products. subcontractors also perform some of the services that we provide to our customers. we depend on these subcontractors and vendors to meet our contractual obligations in full compliance with customer requirements and applicable law. misconduct by subcontractors, such as a failure to comply with procurement regulations or engaging in unauthorized activities, may harm our future revenue and earnings. we manage our supplier base carefully to avoid customer issues. we sometimes rely on only one or two sources of supply that, if disrupted, could have an adverse effect on our ability to meet our customer commitments. our ability to perform our obligations may be materially adversely affected if one or more of these suppliers is unable to provide the agreed-upon materials, perform the agreed-upon services in a timely and cost-effective manner, or engages in misconduct or other improper activities.
sales and operations outside the united states are subject to different risks that may be associated with doing business in foreign countries. in some countries there is increased chance for economic, legal or political changes, and procurement procedures may be less robust or mature, which may complicate the contracting process. our non-u.s. operations may be sensitive to and impacted by changes in a foreign government's national policies and priorities, political leadership, and budgets, which may be influenced by changes in threat environments, geopolitical uncertainties, volatility in economic conditions and other economic and political factors. changes and developments in any of these matters or factors may occur suddenly and could impact funding for programs or delay purchasing decisions or customer payments. non-u.s. transactions can involve increased financial and legal risks arising from foreign exchange-rate variability and differing legal systems. our non-u.s. operations are subject to u.s. and foreign laws and regulations, including laws and regulations relating to import-export controls, technology transfers, the foreign corrupt practices act and other anti-corruption laws, and the international traffic in arms regulations (itar). an unfavorable event or trend in any one or more of these factors or a failure to comply with u.s. or foreign laws could result in administrative, civil or criminal liabilities, including suspension or debarment from government contracts or suspension of our export privileges, and could materially adversely affect revenue and earnings associated with our non-u.s. operations.
in addition, some non-u.s. government customers require contractors to enter into letters of credit, performance or surety bonds, bank guarantees and other similar financial arrangements. we may also be required to agree to specific in-country purchases, manufacturing agreements or financial support arrangements, known as offsets, that require us to satisfy investment or other requirements or face penalties. offset requirements may extend over several years and could require us to team with local companies to fulfill these requirements. if we do not satisfy these financial or offset requirements, our future revenue and earnings may be materially adversely affected.
our future success depends in part on our ability to develop new products and technologies and maintain a qualified workforce to meet the needs of our customers. many of the products and services we provide involve sophisticated technologies and engineering, with related complex manufacturing and system-integration processes. our customers' requirements change and evolve regularly. accordingly, our future performance depends in part on our ability to continue to develop, manufacture and provide innovative products and services and bring those offerings to market quickly at cost-effective prices. some new products, particularly in our aerospace segment, must meet extensive and time-consuming regulatory requirements that are often outside our control. additionally, due to the highly specialized nature of our business, we must hire and retain the skilled and qualified personnel necessary to perform the services required by our customers. to the extent that the demand for skilled personnel exceeds supply, we could experience higher labor, recruiting or training costs in order to attract and retain such employees. if we were unable to develop new products that meet customers' changing needs and satisfy regulatory requirements in a timely manner or successfully attract and retain qualified personnel, our future revenue and earnings may be materially adversely affected.
we have made and expect to continue to make investments, including acquisitions and joint ventures, that involve risks and uncertainties. when evaluating potential acquisitions and joint ventures, we make judgments regarding the value of business opportunities, technologies, and other assets and the risks and costs of potential liabilities based on information available to us at the time of the transaction. whether we realize the anticipated benefits from these transactions depends on multiple factors, including our integration of the businesses involved; the performance of the underlying products, capabilities or technologies; market conditions following the acquisition; and acquired liabilities, including some that may not have been identified prior to the acquisition. these factors could materially adversely affect our financial results.
changes in business conditions may cause goodwill and other intangible assets to become impaired. goodwill represents the purchase price paid in excess of the fair value of net tangible and intangible assets acquired in a business combination. goodwill is not amortized and remains on our balance sheet indefinitely unless there is an impairment or a sale of a portion of the business. goodwill is subject to an impairment test on an annual basis or when circumstances indicate that the likelihood of an impairment is greater than 50%. such circumstances include a significant adverse change in the business climate for one of our reporting units or a decision to dispose of a reporting unit or a significant portion of a reporting unit. we face some uncertainty in our business environment due to a variety of challenges, including changes in defense spending. we may experience unforeseen circumstances that adversely affect the value of our goodwill or intangible assets and trigger an evaluation of the amount of the recorded goodwill and intangible assets. future write-offs of goodwill or other intangible assets as a result of an impairment in the business could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
our business could be negatively impacted by cyber security events and other disruptions. we face various cyber security threats, including threats to our information technology (it) infrastructure and attempts to gain access to our proprietary or classified information, denial-of-service attacks, as well as
threats to the physical security of our facilities and employees, and threats from terrorist acts. we also design and manage it systems and products that contain it systems for various customers. we generally face the same security threats for these systems as for our own internal systems. in addition, we face cyber threats from entities that may seek to target us through our customers, vendors, subcontractors and other third parties with whom we do business. accordingly, we maintain information security staff, policies and procedures for managing risk to our information systems, and conduct employee training on cyber security to mitigate persistent and continuously evolving cyber security threats. however, there can be no assurance that any such actions will be sufficient to prevent cybersecurity breaches, disruptions, unauthorized release of sensitive information or corruption of data.
we have experienced cyber security threats such as viruses and attacks targeting our it systems. such prior events have not had a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. however, future threats could, among other things, cause harm to our business and our reputation; disrupt our operations; expose us to potential liability, regulatory actions and loss of business; challenge our eligibility for future work on sensitive or classified systems for government customers; and impact our results of operations materially. due to the evolving nature of these security threats, the potential impact of any future incident cannot be predicted. our insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover all the costs related to cyber security attacks or disruptions resulting from such events.
forward-looking statements this annual report on form 10-k contains forward-looking statements that are based on management's expectations, estimates, projections and assumptions. words such as "expects," "anticipates," "plans," "believes," "scheduled," "outlook," "estimates," "should" and variations of these words and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. examples include projections of revenue, earnings, operating margin, segment performance, cash flows, contract awards, aircraft production, deliveries and backlog. in making these statements we rely on assumptions and analyses based on our experience and perception of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments as well as other factors we consider appropriate under the circumstances. we believe our estimates and judgments are reasonable based on information available to us at the time. forward-looking statements are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995, as amended. these statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. therefore, actual future results and trends may differ materially from what is forecast in forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors, including, without limitation, the risk factors discussed in this form 10-k.
all forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report or, in the case of any document incorporated by reference, the date of that document. all subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to general dynamics or any person acting on our behalf are qualified by the cautionary statements in this section. we do not undertake any obligation to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements to reflect events, circumstances or changes in expectations after the date of this report. these factors may be revised or supplemented in subsequent reports on sec forms 10-q and 8-k.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
for an overview of our operating segments, including a discussion of our major products and services, see the business discussion contained in item 1. the following discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements included in item 8.
business environment with approximately 65% of our revenue from the u.s. government, government spending levels, particularly defense spending, influence our financial performance. over the past several years, u.s. defense spending has been mandated by the budget control act of 2011 (bca). the bca establishes spending caps over a 10-year period through 2021, including a sequester mechanism that would impose additional defense cuts if an annual defense appropriations bill is enacted above the spending cap.
on february 9, 2018, the congress approved increases to the bca spending caps and a budget for fiscal year (fy) 2019. on september 28, 2018, the fy 2019 defense appropriations bill was signed into law. it totaled $671 billion and included $602 billion in the base budget in compliance with the modified bca spending caps and $69 billion for overseas contingency operations. however, as of the filing of this form 10-k on february 13, 2019, seven other appropriations bills funding multiple federal civilian agencies have not been enacted. these federal agencies had been operating since the beginning of the government's fiscal year under a series of continuing resolutions (crs), which funded the agencies at fy 2018 spending levels. the last in this series of crs expired on december 21, 2018, resulting in a partial government shutdown for these agencies. on january 25, 2019, a new cr was approved, providing funding for these federal agencies through february 15, 2019.
our greatest concentration of work for the impacted agencies is in our information technology segment, where this work represents less than 5% of the segment's revenue. additionally, our aerospace segment was affected by the shutdown of the u.s. federal aviation administration (faa), which impacted the type certification process for the new g600 aircraft. the partial government shutdown did not have a material impact on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows, and we do not anticipate that the current cr, or subsequent extensions, will have a material impact. however, if another partial government shutdown occurred, the longer the shutdown continued, the risk of a material impact would increase.
the long-term outlook for our u.s. defense business is influenced by the u.s. military's funding priorities, the diversity of our programs and customers, our insight into customer requirements stemming from our incumbency on core programs, our ability to evolve our products to address a fast-changing threat environment and our proven track record of successful contract execution.
international demand for military equipment and information technologies presents opportunities for our non-u.s. operations and exports from our north american businesses. while the revenue potential can be significant, there are risks to doing business in foreign countries, including changing budget priorities and overall spending pressures unique to each country.
results of operations introduction an understanding of our accounting practices is necessary in the evaluation of our financial statements and operating results. the following paragraphs explain how we recognize revenue and operating costs in our operating segments. we account for revenue in accordance with accounting standards codification (asc) topic 606, revenue from contracts with customers.
in the aerospace segment, we record revenue on contracts for new aircraft when the customer obtains control of the asset, which is generally upon delivery and acceptance by the customer of the fully outfitted aircraft. revenue associated with the segment's custom completions of narrow-body and wide-body aircraft and the segment's services businesses is recognized as work progresses or upon delivery of services. fluctuations in revenue from period to period result from the number and mix of new aircraft deliveries, progress on aircraft completions, and the level and type of aircraft services performed during the period.
the majority of the aerospace segment's operating costs relates to new aircraft production on firm orders and consists of labor, material, subcontractor and overhead costs. the costs are accumulated in production lots, recorded in inventory and recognized as operating costs at aircraft delivery based on the estimated average unit cost in a production lot. while changes in the estimated average unit cost for a production lot impact the level of operating costs, the amount of operating costs reported in a given period is based largely on the number and type of aircraft delivered. operating costs in the aerospace segment's completions and services businesses are recognized generally as incurred.
for new aircraft, operating earnings and margin are a function of the prices of our aircraft, our operational efficiency in manufacturing and outfitting the aircraft, and the mix of ultra-large-cabin, large-cabin and mid-cabin aircraft deliveries. additional factors affecting the segment's earnings and margin include the volume, mix and profitability of completions and services work performed, the volume of and market for pre-owned aircraft, and the level of general and administrative (g&a) and net research and development (r&d) costs incurred by the segment.
in the defense segments, revenue on long-term government contracts is recognized generally over time as the work progresses, either as products are produced or as services are rendered. typically, revenue is recognized over time using costs incurred to date relative to total estimated costs at completion to measure progress toward satisfying our performance obligations. incurred cost represents work performed, which corresponds with, and thereby best depicts, the transfer of control to the customer. contract costs include labor, material, overhead and, when appropriate, g&a expenses. variances in costs recognized from period to period reflect primarily increases and decreases in production or activity levels on individual contracts. because costs are used as a measure of progress, year-over-year variances in cost result in corresponding variances in revenue, which we generally refer to as volume.
operating earnings and margin in the defense segments are driven by changes in volume, performance or contract mix. performance refers to changes in profitability based on adjustments to estimates at completion on individual contracts. these adjustments result from increases or decreases to the estimated value of the contract, the estimated costs to complete the contract or both. therefore, changes in costs incurred in the period compared with prior periods do not necessarily impact profitability. it is only when total estimated costs at completion on a given contract change without a corresponding change in the contract value that the profitability of that contract may be impacted. contract mix refers to changes in the volume of higher- versus lower-margin work. higher or lower margins can result from a number of factors,
◦   record-high revenue of $36.2 billion with growth in all of our segments.
our consolidated revenue increased 16.9% in 2018. the largest driver of the increase was the acquisition of csra in our information technology segment. excluding csra, revenue increased by 5% driven by growth in all of our segments.
operating costs and expenses increased in 2018 due primarily to the csra acquisition, including the impact of intangible asset amortization expense and one-time transaction-related charges associated with costs to complete the acquisition, resulting in a lower margin compared with 2017. the 2018 operating margin was also impacted by a less favorable aircraft delivery mix in our aerospace segment consistent with our expectation as we transition to the new g500 and g600 aircraft.
following is a discussion of operating results and outlook for each of our operating segments. for the aerospace segment, results are analyzed by specific types of products and services, consistent with how the segment is managed. for the defense segments, the discussion is based on the lines of products and services offered with a supplemental discussion of specific contracts and programs when significant to the results. additional information regarding our segments can be found in note r to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.
gulfstream aircraft deliveries (in units)         121                 120                1            0.8    %
aircraft services revenue increased due to higher demand for maintenance work and the acquisition in the second quarter of 2018 of hawker pacific, a leading provider of integrated aviation solutions across asia pacific and the middle east. additionally, we had seven pre-owned aircraft sales in 2018 compared
with five in 2017. these increases were offset partially by a lower volume of custom completions of narrow-body and wide-body aircraft.
aircraft manufacturing and completions operating earnings were down due to a shift in the mix of gulfstream aircraft deliveries and the typical lower margin associated with the initial units of a new aircraft model, as well as a performance challenge in the wide-body aircraft custom completions business. aircraft services operating earnings were particularly strong due to favorable cost performance and the mix of services provided. in addition, operating earnings were impacted favorably by lower g&a/other expenses, including reduced r&d expenses as we completed the g500 development and certification program. overall, the aerospace segment's operating margin decreased 180 basis points to 17.6%.
gulfstream aircraft deliveries (in units)         120                 121                (1   )        (0.8   )%
the aerospace segment's revenue increased in 2017 due primarily to additional deliveries of the ultra-large-cabin g650 and mid-cabin g280 aircraft, offset partially by a decrease in the number of g450 and g550 large-cabin aircraft deliveries. aircraft services revenue increased, driven by higher demand for maintenance work and the acquisition of a fixed base operation (fbo) in 2017.
operating earnings increased in 2017 due to favorable cost performance and the mix of ultra-large- and large-cabin aircraft deliveries. g&a/other expenses were higher in 2017 due primarily to increased r&d expenses associated with product-development efforts as the segment progressed with the certification of the g500 and g600 aircraft. overall, the aerospace segment's operating margin increased 160 basis points to 19.4%.
2019 outlook we expect the aerospace segment's 2019 revenue to be around $9.7 billion. operating margin is expected to be approximately 15.5%, down from 2018 as a result of mix shift as the segment continues its transition to the new g500 and g600 aircraft as well as higher anticipated pre-owned aircraft sales, which typically carry no margin.
u.s. military vehicles               $130
international military vehicles        99
weapons systems and munitions          63
revenue was up across all areas of the combat systems segment in 2018. revenue from u.s. military vehicles increased due to higher volume on the army's abrams tank programs, including work to produce abrams m1a2 system enhancement package version 3 (sepv3) tanks, offset partially by lower volume on stryker wheeled combat-vehicle programs as we completed delivery of the stryker 30-millimeter cannon upgrade vehicles. revenue from international military vehicles increased due to the production ramp up of piranha wheeled armored vehicles, offset partially by lower revenue on a large contract to produce wheeled armored vehicles for an international customer. weapons systems and munitions revenue was up due primarily to increased production of several products, including medium-caliber and tank ammunition programs.
the combat systems segment's operating margin decreased 40 basis points compared with 2017 driven by contract mix in our combat vehicles business.
the combat systems segment's revenue increased in 2017 due primarily to higher volume on the u.s. army's abrams and stryker programs. additionally, revenue was up due to increased production of several products, including bombs and hydra-70 rockets for the u.s. government. revenue from international military vehicles increased due to the ramp up in production on the british ajax armoured fighting vehicle program and several international light armored vehicle (lav) programs, offset largely by lower revenue on a large contract to produce wheeled armored vehicles for an international customer as the segment transitioned from engineering to production.
the combat systems segment's operating margin increased 80 basis points in 2017 driven by improved operating performance across the segment's portfolio. operating earnings in 2016 included the impact of a loss on the design and development phase of the british ajax armoured fighting vehicle program.
2019 outlook we expect the combat systems segment's 2019 revenue to be between $6.5 and $6.6 billion with operating earnings of $965 to $975.
the information technology segment's revenue increased due primarily to the csra acquisition in the second quarter of 2018. operating margin decreased 110 basis points compared with 2017 due to intangible asset amortization expense from the csra acquisition. excluding the impact of this amortization, the segment's margin would have been 9.6%, reflecting the favorable impact of csra's mix of higher-margin, fixed-price work. in the fourth quarter of 2018, we sold the information technology segment's contact-center business, which had a small unfavorable impact on revenue.
revenue in the information technology segment was essentially flat in 2017 as delays in procurement activities across a number of programs, particularly in our federal civilian business, offset growth in the segment's intelligence business and the acquisition in late 2017 of a provider of mission-critical support services.
despite the lower revenue, operating earnings increased, and operating margin expanded 80 basis points. the margin growth was driven primarily by strong program performance and favorable contract mix across the portfolio.
2019 outlook we expect the information technology segment's 2019 revenue to be approximately $8.3 billion, a slight increase from 2018, reflecting a full year of csra's results, offset partially by divestiture activities. we expect the segment's operating margin to be around 7.5%.
revenue was up across the mission systems segment in 2018. revenue from space, intelligence and cyber systems increased due primarily to demand for our portfolio of encryption products. the growth in ground systems and products revenue was driven by increased activity on u.s. army mobile communications networking programs and the ramp up of a program to design and develop the next-generation tactical communication and information system for the united kingdom. revenue from naval, air and electronic systems increased due primarily to higher volume on our u.s. navy program for combat and seaframe control systems on independence-variant littoral combat ships.
despite the lower revenue, operating earnings increased, and operating margin expanded 150 basis points. the margin growth was driven primarily by strong program performance and favorable contract mix.
2019 outlook we expect the mission systems segment's 2019 revenue to be between $4.8 and $4.9 billion, an increase of between 2 and 3% over 2018, with operating margin in the mid- to high-13% range.
revenue from u.s. navy ship construction increased with higher volume on the virginia-class submarine program, arleigh burke-class (ddg-51) destroyer program and john lewis class (t-ao-205) fleet replenishment oiler contract, offset partially by lower volume on the navy's expeditionary sea base (esb) program. commercial ship construction revenue increased as work ramped up on a contract for two container ships. revenue from u.s. navy ship engineering, repair and other services decreased driven by a lower volume of submarine repair work and the timing of surface ship repair work, offset partially by increased work on the columbia-class submarine development program and virginia-class submarine design enhancements.
revenue in 2017 was down from jones act commercial construction following the delivery of six ships in 2016 and two ships in 2017. additionally, revenue decreased due to timing on the virginia-class submarine program, offset partially by higher volume on the esb program. these decreases were offset partially by additional work related to the columbia-class submarine development program and virginia-class submarine design enhancements, and a higher-volume of submarine repair work.
operating margin increased 120 basis points due primarily to the 2016 impact of cost growth associated with the restart of the navy's ddg-51 program. the segment's operating margin in 2017 was also affected favorably by a decrease in lower-margin commercial ship work.
corporate operating results in 2018 included one-time transaction-related charges of approximately $45 associated with the costs to complete the csra acquisition. excluding these charges, corporate operating results have two primary components: pension and other post-retirement benefit income, and stock option expense.
as discussed in note a to the consolidated financial statements in item 8, corporate operating results are impacted by accounting standards update (asu) 2017-07. asu 2017-07 requires the non-service cost components of pension and other post-retirement benefit cost (e.g., interest cost) to be reported in other income (expense) in the consolidated statement of earnings. in our defense segments, pension and other post-retirement benefit costs are allocable contract costs. for these segments, we report the offset for the non-service cost components in corporate operating results. this amount exceeded our stock option expense in 2018 and 2017.
we expect corporate operating costs of approximately $20 in 2019, reflecting projected stock option expense in excess of the projected offset of non-service cost components of pension and other post-retirement benefit cost for our defense segments.
military vehicle production         307
ship construction revenue increased due to higher volume on the virginia-class submarine program, the ddg-51 destroyer program, the t-ao-205 fleet replenishment oiler contract and commercial container ship construction. military vehicle production revenue increased due to higher volume on the u.s. army's
it services            $3,859
it services revenue increased due primarily to the csra acquisition in the second quarter of 2018. the aircraft services revenue increase was due to higher demand for maintenance work and the acquisition of hawker pacific in the second quarter of 2018. service operating costs increased at a higher rate than revenue due primarily to intangible asset amortization expense from the csra acquisition.
military vehicle production                 $261
* c4isr (command, control, communications, computers, intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance) solutions in our mission systems segment military vehicle production revenue increased due to higher volume on the u.s. army's abrams and stryker programs and the ramp up in production on the ajax program and several international lav contracts. aircraft manufacturing and completions revenue increased due to additional deliveries of the ultra-large-cabin g650 and mid-cabin g280 aircraft. these increases were offset largely by decreased ship construction revenue driven by timing on the virginia-class submarine program and reduced jones act commercial ship construction volume, and decreased revenue from c4isr products driven by funding delays caused by the extended fy 2017 cr.
revenue from ship engineering, repair and other services increased due to additional work related to the columbia-class submarine development program and virginia-class submarine design enhancements, and a higher volume of submarine repair work. aircraft services revenue increased driven by higher demand for maintenance work and the acquisition of an fbo in 2017.
g&a expenses as a percentage of revenue, g&a expenses were 6.2% in 2018, 6.5% in 2017 and 6.3% in 2016. we expect g&a expenses as a percentage of revenue in 2019 to be generally consistent with 2018.
interest, net net interest expense was $356 in 2018, $103 in 2017 and $91 in 2016. the increase in 2018 was due primarily to the impact of financing the csra acquisition, including the issuance of $7.5 billion of fixed- and floating-rate notes in the second quarter of 2018. the increase in 2017 was due primarily to a $500 net increase in long-term debt beginning in the third quarter of 2016. see note k to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for additional information regarding our debt obligations, including interest rates. we expect 2019 net interest expense to be approximately $430, an increase from 2018, reflecting a full year of financing for the csra acquisition.
other, net net other expense was $16 in 2018 and $56 in 2017, and net other income was $3 in 2016. net other expense/income represents primarily the non-service cost components of pension and other post-retirement benefit cost, including amounts from legacy csra plans assumed as of the acquisition date. the 2018 expense also includes approximately $30 of transaction costs associated with the csra acquisition. in 2019, we expect net other income to be approximately $60 due primarily to the investment income from our commercial pension plans.
provision for income tax, net our effective tax rate was 17.8% in 2018, 28.6% in 2017 and 26.7% in 2016. the decrease in our effective tax rate in 2018 is due primarily to the reduction of the u.s. corporate statutory tax rate from 35% to 21% beginning on january 1, 2018, resulting from the enactment of the tax cuts and jobs act (tax reform) on december 22, 2017. the effective tax rate in 2018 also includes the impact of tax benefits associated with equity-based compensation and a discretionary pension plan contribution. the effective tax rate in 2017 included a $119 unfavorable impact, or 290 basis points, resulting from tax reform. for further discussion, including a reconciliation of our effective tax rate from the statutory federal rate, see note f to the consolidated financial statements in item 8. for 2019, we anticipate a full-year effective tax rate between 18 and 18.5%.
discontinued operations, net of tax concurrent with the acquisition of csra, we were required by a government customer to dispose of certain csra operations to address an organizational conflict of interest with respect to services provided to the customer. in 2018, we sold these operations. in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (gaap), the sale did not result in a gain for financial reporting purposes. however, the sale generated a taxable gain, resulting in tax expense of $13.
in 2013, we settled litigation with the u.s. navy related to the terminated a-12 aircraft contract in the company's former tactical military aircraft business. in connection with the settlement, we released some rights to reimbursement of costs on ships under contract at our bath, maine, shipyard. as we progressed through the shipbuilding process, we determined that the cost associated with this settlement was greater than anticipated. therefore, in 2016, we recognized an $84 loss, net of tax, to adjust the previously recognized settlement value. in addition, we recognized $23 of losses, net of tax, in 2016 related to other former operations of the company.
backlog and estimated potential contract value our total backlog, including funded and unfunded portions, was $67.9 billion on december 31, 2018, up 7.4% from $63.2 billion at the end of 2017. our total backlog is equal to our remaining performance obligations under contracts that meet the criteria in asc topic 606 as discussed in note c to the consolidated financial statements in item 8. our total estimated contract value, which combines total backlog with estimated potential contract value, was $103.4 billion on december 31, 2018, up 17.5% from $88 billion at the end of 2017.
aerospace aerospace funded backlog represents new aircraft and custom completion orders for which we have definitive purchase contracts and deposits from customers. unfunded backlog consists of agreements to provide future aircraft maintenance and support services. the aerospace segment ended 2018 with backlog of $11.4 billion compared with $12.5 billion at year-end 2017.
orders in 2018 reflected solid demand across our product and services portfolio. we received orders for all models of in-production gulfstream aircraft, including additional orders for the g500 and g600 aircraft.
beyond total backlog, estimated potential contract value represents primarily options and other agreements with existing customers to purchase new aircraft and aircraft services. on december 31, 2018, estimated potential contract value in the aerospace segment was $3.1 billion, up 60.1% from $2 billion at year-end 2017. this increase was due largely to a multi-aircraft, multi-year agreement entered into with an existing corporate customer in the fourth quarter of 2018.
defense segments the total backlog in our defense segments represents the estimated remaining sales value of work to be performed under firm contracts. the funded portion of this backlog includes items that have been authorized and appropriated by the u.s. congress and funded by customers, as well as commitments by international customers that are approved and funded similarly by their governments. the unfunded portion includes the amounts that we believe are likely to be funded, but there is no guarantee that future budgets and appropriations will provide the same funding level currently anticipated for a given program.
estimated potential contract value in our defense segments includes unexercised options associated with existing firm contracts and work awarded on unfunded indefinite delivery, indefinite quantity (idiq)
contracts. contract options in our defense business represent agreements to perform additional work under existing contracts at the election of the customer. we recognize options in backlog when the customer exercises the option and establishes a firm order. for idiq contracts, we evaluate the amount of funding we expect to receive and include this amount in our estimated potential contract value. this amount is often less than the total idiq contract value, particularly when the contract has multiple awardees. the actual amount of funding received in the future may be higher or lower than our estimate of potential contract value.
total backlog in our defense segments was $56.5 billion on december 31, 2018, up 11.4% from $50.7 billion at the end of 2017. the most significant drivers of the growth in 2018 were the csra acquisition in our information technology segment and contracts totaling $4.8 billion awarded by the u.s. navy for the construction of five arleigh burke-class (ddg-51) guided-missile destroyers. each of our segments achieved an organic book-to-bill ratio equal to or greater than 1-to-1 in 2018.
estimated potential contract value in our defense segments was $32.4 billion on december 31, 2018, up 41.7% from $22.8 billion at year-end 2017 due in large part to the csra acquisition and a multibillion-dollar idiq contract awarded by the u.s. army for computing and communications equipment under the common hardware systems-5 (chs-5) program.
combat systems the combat systems segment's total backlog was $16.6 billion at the end of 2018, compared with $17.6 billion at year-end 2017. the segment's backlog includes the work remaining on two significant multi-year contracts awarded in 2014:
•   $3.4 billion from the u.k ministry of defence to produce ajax armoured fighting vehicles scheduled for delivery to the british army through 2024 and related in-service support.
the segment has a variety of additional international military vehicle production programs in backlog, notably:
•   $940 to produce piranha armored vehicles for several non-u.s. customers, including $365 to produce more than 300 armored personnel carriers for the danish defense acquisition and logistics organization and $255 to deliver up to 227 piranha vehicles in six variants to the romanian armed forces.
one of the u.s. army's top priorities is readiness of its platform products through critical modernization efforts, including upgrades for both the abrams main battle tank and stryker wheeled combat-vehicle programs.
the segment received $1.4 billion of orders for abrams main battle tank modernization and upgrade programs for the u.s. army and u.s. partners in 2018, ending the year with backlog of $2.7 billion. for the army, backlog included $1.5 billion to produce m1a2 sepv3 tanks, deliver m1a2 sep components, and provide associated program support, and $300 to design and develop sepv4 prototypes with upgraded sensors. backlog included $640 to modernize abrams main battle tanks for u.s. partners. an additional $395 for abrams tank programs is included in our estimated potential contract value at year end.
the army's stryker wheeled combat-vehicle program represented $820 of the segment's backlog on december 31, 2018, with vehicles scheduled for delivery through 2021. the segment received $1 billion of stryker orders in 2018, including awards to produce double-v-hull vehicles, upgrade vehicles with integrated short-range air defense capabilities, and provide support and engineering services.
the combat systems segment's backlog on december 31, 2018, also included $2.5 billion for multiple weapons systems and munitions programs, including $415 to produce hydra-70 rockets for the army.
the segment's estimated potential contract value was $4.2 billion on december 31, 2018, up 32.8% from $3.2 billion at year-end 2017. estimated potential contract value increased in 2018 driven by unexercised options associated with 2018 awards to develop and deliver prototype vehicles for the mpf program, to produce piranha vehicles for the romanian armed forces and to deliver various rounds of medium-caliber ammunition to the u.s. air force.
information technology the information technology segment's backlog consists of thousands of contracts and task orders, and approximately 15-20% of its portfolio is recompeted each year. the segment's total backlog was $8 billion at the end of 2018, up 120.6% from $3.6 billion at year-end 2017 due to the csra acquisition in the second quarter of 2018. this amount does not include $17.1 billion of estimated potential contract value associated with its anticipated share of idiq contracts and unexercised options on december 31, 2018. funding from idiq contracts added $4.2 billion to the segment's backlog in 2018, over 50% of the segment's orders.
•   $375 from the new york state department of health to provide engineering and technical improvements to the state's health benefits exchange.
•   $195 from the u.s. air force for the battlefield information collection and exploitation system (bices) program to provide information sharing support to coalition operations.
•   $145 to provide operations and maintenance support services for a department of homeland security (dhs) data center.
•   $1.1 billion to provide classified it infrastructure services to an agency of the dod with an additional $1.1 billion of estimated potential contract value remaining under the contract.
•   $160 to provide turnkey training and simulation services for the u.s. army's aviation center of excellence in fort rucker, alabama. an additional $495 of estimated potential contract value remains under the contract.
mission systems similar to the information technology segment, the mission systems segment's backlog consists of thousands of contracts and task orders. the segment's total backlog remained steady at $5.3 billion at the end of 2018 compared with year-end 2017. this amount does not include $7.4 billion of estimated potential contract value associated with its anticipated share of idiq contracts and unexercised options on december 31, 2018. estimated potential contract value increased 55.6% from year-end 2017 driven by a multibillion-dollar idiq contract awarded by the u.s. army for computing and communications equipment under the chs-5 program. funding of idiq contracts and options added $2.6 billion to the segment's backlog in 2018, over 50% of the segment's orders.
•   $395 from the u.s. navy for combat and seaframe control systems on independence-variant littoral combat ships (lcss).
•   $210 from the army for its mobile communications network.
•   $205 from the national aeronautics and space administration (nasa) for the space network ground segment sustainment (sgss) program to modernize nasa's ground infrastructure systems for its satellite network.
•   $780 for the canadian maritime helicopter project (mhp) to provide integrated mission systems, training and support for canadian marine helicopters.
•   $260 to design and develop the next-generation tactical communication and information system in the initial phase of the u.k.'s morpheus program.
in 2016, we were awarded a design and construction contract for the lead ship in the navy's new class of t-ao-205 fleet replenishment oilers, along with options for five additional ships. during 2018, the navy exercised the options for three additional ships. backlog at year-end 2018 was $1.8 billion for the program, and estimated potential contract value totaled $1 billion for the program.
financial condition, liquidity and capital resources we place a strong emphasis on cash flow generation. this focus gives us the flexibility for capital deployment while preserving a strong balance sheet to position us for future opportunities. cash generated by operating activities over the past three years was deployed to pay dividends, fund capital expenditures and business acquisitions, and repurchase our common stock.
net cash provided by operating activities               $3,148              $3,876              $2,163
net cash used by investing activities                  (10,234   )            (788   )            (391   )
net cash provided (used) by financing activities         5,086              (2,399   )          (2,169   )
debt-to-equity (a)                                       105.8   %            34.8   %            37.7   %
debt-to-capital (b)                                       51.4   %            25.8   %            27.4   %
(a)   debt-to-equity ratio is calculated as total debt divided by total equity as of year end.
(b)   debt-to-capital ratio is calculated as total debt divided by the sum of total debt plus total equity as of year end.
our net debt position, defined as debt less cash and equivalents and marketable securities increased in 2018 due primarily to financing the csra acquisition.
we expect to continue to generate funds in excess of our short- and long-term liquidity needs. we believe we have adequate funds on hand and sufficient borrowing capacity to execute our financial and operating strategy. the following is a discussion of our major operating, investing and financing activities for each of the past three years, as classified on the consolidated statement of cash flows in item 8.
operating activities we generated cash from operating activities of $3.1 billion in 2018, $3.9 billion in 2017 and $2.2 billion in 2016. the primary driver of cash inflows in all three years was net earnings. however, cash flows in all three years were affected negatively by growth in operating working capital, particularly on an international wheeled armored vehicle contract in our combat systems segment (for further discussion, see note h to the consolidated financial statements in item 8). additionally, cash flows in 2018 reflected a discretionary pension plan contribution of $255. in 2017 and 2016, the build-up of inventory related to the new g500 and g600 aircraft programs in our aerospace segment also negatively affected operating cash flows. however, the 2017 growth in operating working capital was offset by lower income tax payments.
investing activities cash used for investing activities was $10.2 billion in 2018, $788 in 2017 and $391 in 2016. our investing activities include cash paid for business acquisitions and capital expenditures; proceeds from asset sales; and purchases, sales and maturities of marketable securities.
business acquisitions. the primary use of cash for investing activities in 2018 was business acquisitions. in 2018, we acquired six businesses for an aggregate of $10.1 billion, including $9.7 billion for csra. in 2017, we acquired four businesses for an aggregate of $399. in 2016, we acquired two businesses for an aggregate of $58.
capital expenditures. capital expenditures were $690 in 2018, $428 in 2017 and $392 in 2016. capital expenditures increased in 2018 to support growth at gulfstream and our shipyards. we expect capital expenditures to be approximately 3% of revenue in 2019.
other, net. investing activities also include proceeds from asset sales. in 2018, we completed the sale of three businesses in our information technology segment: a commercial health products business, certain csra operations we were required by a government customer to dispose of to address an organizational conflict of interest with respect to services provided to the customer, and a public-facing contact-center business.
financing activities cash provided by financing activities was $5.1 billion in 2018 compared with cash used by financing activities of $2.4 billion in 2017 and $2.2 billion in 2016. net cash from financing activities includes proceeds received from debt and commercial paper issuances and employee stock option exercises. our financing activities also include repurchases of common stock, payment of dividends and debt repayments.
debt and commercial paper issuances and repayments. in 2018, we issued $7.5 billion of fixed- and floating-rate notes to finance the acquisition of csra. additionally, in 2018, we paid $450 to satisfy obligations under csra's accounts receivable purchase agreement. in the third quarter of 2017, we issued $1 billion of fixed-rate notes that were used to repay $900 of fixed-rate notes that matured in the fourth quarter of 2017 and for general corporate purposes. in 2016, we repaid $500 of fixed-rate notes on their maturity date with cash on hand and issued $1 billion of fixed-rate notes for general corporate purposes.
we have no material repayments of long-term debt scheduled in 2019. see note k to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for additional information regarding our debt obligations, including scheduled debt maturities and interest rates.
on december 31, 2018, we had $850 of commercial paper outstanding. we have $5 billion in committed bank credit facilities for general corporate purposes and working capital needs and to support our commercial paper issuances. these credit facilities include a $2 billion 364-day facility expiring in march 2019, a $1 billion multi-year facility expiring in november 2020 and a $2 billion multi-year facility expiring in march 2023. we may renew or replace these credit facilities in whole or in part at or prior to their expiration dates. our credit facilities are guaranteed by several of our 100%-owned subsidiaries. we also have an effective shelf registration on file with the securities and exchange commission that allows us to access the debt markets.
non-gaap financial measures we emphasize the efficient conversion of net earnings into cash and the deployment of that cash to maximize shareholder returns. as described below, we use free cash flow from operations and return on invested capital (roic) to measure our performance in these areas. while we believe these metrics provide useful information, they are not defined operating measures under gaap, and there are limitations associated with their use. our calculation of these metrics may not be completely comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies due to potential differences in the method of calculation. as a result, the use of these metrics should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, other gaap measures.
free cash flow. we define free cash flow from operations as net cash provided by operating activities less capital expenditures. we believe free cash flow from operations is a useful measure for investors because it portrays our ability to generate cash from our businesses for purposes such as repaying maturing debt, funding business acquisitions, repurchasing our common stock and paying dividends. we use free cash flow from operations to assess the quality of our earnings and as a key performance measure in evaluating management. the following table reconciles the free cash flow from operations with net cash provided by operating activities, as classified on the consolidated statement of cash flows in item 8:
net cash provided by operating activities                               $3,148              $3,876              $2,163              $2,607              $3,830
capital expenditures                                                      (690   )            (428   )            (392   )            (569   )            (521   )
net cash provided by operating activities                                   94   %             133   %              81   %              86   %             143   %
return on invested capital. we believe roic is a useful measure for investors because it reflects our ability to generate returns from the capital we have deployed in our operations. we use roic to evaluate investment decisions and as a performance measure in evaluating management. we define roic as net operating profit after taxes divided by average invested capital. net operating profit after taxes is defined as earnings from continuing operations plus after-tax interest and amortization expense, calculated using the statutory federal income tax rate. average invested capital is defined as the sum of the average debt and shareholders' equity excluding accumulated other comprehensive loss. roic excludes goodwill impairments and non-economic accounting changes as they are not reflective of company performance.
net operating profit after taxes         $3,866              $3,039              $2,800              $3,175              $2,819
average invested capital                $25,367             $18,099             $17,168             $17,579             $18,673
return on invested capital                 15.2   %            16.8   %            16.3   %            18.1   %            15.1   %
additional financial information off-balance sheet arrangements on december 31, 2018, other than operating leases, we had no material off-balance sheet arrangements.
contractual obligations and commercial commitments the following tables present information about our contractual obligations and commercial commitments on december 31, 2018:
payments due by period contractual obligations                total amount committed            less than 1 year             1-3 years             4-5 years           more than 5 years debt (a)                                    $14,361                        $1,318                  $6,040                $2,569                    $4,434
capital lease obligations                       433                            92                     162                   109                        70
other long-term liabilities (c)              23,842                         5,468                   3,215                 2,356                    12,803
(a)includes scheduled interest payments. see note k to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for a discussion of long-term debt.
(b)includes amounts committed under legally enforceable agreements for goods and services with defined terms as to quantity, price and timing of delivery. this amount includes $17.7 billion of purchase obligations for products and services to be delivered under firm government contracts under which we would expect full recourse under normal contract termination clauses.
(c)represents other long-term liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet, including the current portion of these liabilities. the projected timing of cash flows associated with these obligations is based on management's estimates, which are based largely on historical experience. this amount also includes all liabilities under our defined-benefit retirement plans. see note q to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for information regarding these liabilities and the plan assets available to satisfy them.
amount of commitment expiration by period commercial commitments                   total amount committed           less than 1 year              1-3 years              4-5 years        more than 5 years letters of credit and guarantees*              $1,658                       $1,173                     $195                   $165              $125
* see note o to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for a discussion of letters of credit and aircraft trade-in options.
application of critical accounting policies management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with gaap. the preparation of financial statements in accordance with gaap requires that we make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, as well as the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. on an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates including most pervasively those related to various assumptions and projections for our long-term contracts and programs. other significant estimates include those related to goodwill and intangible assets, income taxes, pension and other post-retirement benefits, workers' compensation, warranty obligations and litigation contingencies. we employ judgment in making our estimates, but they are based on historical experience, currently available information and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. these estimates form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily available from other sources. actual results may differ from these estimates. we believe our judgment is applied consistently and produces financial information that fairly depicts the results of operations for all periods presented.
in our opinion, the following policies are critical and require the use of significant judgment in their application:
revenue. the majority of our revenue is derived from long-term contracts and programs that can span several years. we account for revenue in accordance with asc topic 606, revenue from contracts with customers. the unit of account in asc topic 606 is a performance obligation. a contract's transaction price is allocated to each distinct performance obligation within that contract and recognized as revenue when, or as, the performance obligation is satisfied. our performance obligations are satisfied over time as work progresses or at a point in time.
substantially all of our revenue in the defense segments is recognized over time, because control is transferred continuously to our customers. typically, revenue is recognized over time using costs incurred to date relative to total estimated costs at completion to measure progress toward satisfying our performance obligations. incurred cost represents work performed, which corresponds with, and thereby best depicts, the transfer of control to the customer. contract costs include labor, material, overhead and, when appropriate, g&a expenses.
the majority of our revenue recognized at a point in time is for the manufacture of business-jet aircraft in our aerospace segment. revenue on these contracts is recognized when the customer obtains control of the asset, which is generally upon delivery and acceptance by the customer of the fully outfitted aircraft.
accounting for long-term contracts and programs involves the use of various techniques to estimate total contract revenue and costs. for long-term contracts, we estimate the profit on a contract as the difference between the total estimated revenue and expected costs to complete a contract and recognize that profit over the life of the contract.
contract estimates are based on various assumptions to project the outcome of future events that often span several years. these assumptions include labor productivity and availability; the complexity of the work to be performed; the cost and availability of materials; the performance of subcontractors; and the availability and timing of funding from the customer.
the nature of our contracts gives rise to several types of variable consideration, including claims and award and incentive fees. we include in our contract estimates additional revenue for submitted contract
modifications or claims against the customer when we believe we have an enforceable right to the modification or claim, the amount can be estimated reliably and its realization is probable. in evaluating these criteria, we consider the contractual/legal basis for the claim, the cause of any additional costs incurred, the reasonableness of those costs and the objective evidence available to support the claim. we include award or incentive fees in the estimated transaction price when there is a basis to reasonably estimate the amount of the fee. these estimates are based on historical award experience, anticipated performance and our best judgment at the time. because of our certainty in estimating these amounts, they are included in the transaction price of our contracts and the associated remaining performance obligations.
as a significant change in one or more of these estimates could affect the profitability of our contracts, we review and update our contract-related estimates regularly. we recognize adjustments in estimated profit on contracts under the cumulative catch-up method. under this method, the impact of the adjustment on profit recorded to date on a contract is recognized in the period the adjustment is identified. revenue and profit in future periods of contract performance are recognized using the adjusted estimate. the aggregate impact of adjustments in contract estimates increased our operating earnings (and diluted earnings per share) by $345 ($0.91) in 2018, $323 ($0.69) in 2017 and $16 ($0.03) in 2016. while no adjustment on any one contract was material to our consolidated financial statements in 2018, 2017 or 2016, the amount in 2016 was negatively impacted by a loss on the design and development phase of the ajax program in our combat systems segment and cost growth associated with the restart of the navy's ddg-51 program in our marine systems segment.
consistent with industry practice, we classify assets and liabilities related to long-term contracts as current, even though some of these amounts may not be realized within one year. the timing of revenue recognition, billings and cash collections results in billed accounts receivable, unbilled receivables (contract assets), and customer advances and deposits (contract liabilities) on the consolidated balance sheet. these assets and liabilities are reported on the consolidated balance sheet on a contract-by-contract basis at the end of each reporting period.
csra acquisition. we are required to estimate the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in business combinations as of the acquisition date, including identified intangible assets. the amount of purchase price paid in excess of the net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. the fair values are estimated in accordance with the principles of asc 820, fair value measurement, which defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. the fair values of the net assets acquired are determined primarily using level 3 inputs (inputs that are unobservable to the marketplace participant).
the most significant of the fair value estimates is related to long-lived assets, specifically intangible assets subject to amortization. we have valued $2.1 billion of acquired intangible assets in connection with the csra acquisition. this amount was determined based primarily on csra's projected cash flows. the projected cash flows include various assumptions, including the timing of work embedded in backlog, success in securing future business, profitability of work, and the appropriate risk-adjusted interest rate used to discount the projected cash flows.
we are in various phases of valuing the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, and our estimate of these values was still preliminary on december 31, 2018. therefore, these provisional amounts are subject to change as we continue to evaluate information required to complete the valuations throughout the measurement period, which will extend into the second quarter of 2019.
reorganization of operating segments and composition of reporting units. concurrent with the acquisition of csra in april 2018, we reorganized our information systems and technology operating
segment in accordance with the nature of the segment's products and services into the information technology and mission systems segments.
this reorganization similarly changed the composition of our reporting units. accordingly, goodwill of the information systems and technology reporting unit was reassigned to the information technology and mission systems reporting units using a relative fair value allocation approach as of the date of the reorganization.
long-lived assets and goodwill. we review long-lived assets, including intangible assets subject to amortization, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable. we assess the recoverability of the carrying value of assets held for use based on a review of undiscounted projected cash flows. impairment losses, where identified, are measured as the excess of the carrying value of the long-lived asset over its estimated fair value as determined by discounted projected cash flows.
goodwill represents the purchase price paid in excess of the fair value of net tangible and intangible assets acquired in a business combination. we review goodwill for impairment annually or when circumstances indicate that the likelihood of an impairment is greater than 50%. such circumstances include a significant adverse change in the business climate for one of our reporting units or a decision to dispose of a reporting unit or a significant portion of a reporting unit. the test for goodwill impairment is a two-step process to first identify potential goodwill impairment for each reporting unit by comparing the fair value of each of our reporting units to its respective carrying value and then, if necessary, measure the amount of the impairment loss. the process requires a significant level of estimation and use of judgment by management, particularly the estimate of the fair value of our reporting units. our reporting units are consistent with our operating segments in note r to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.
we estimate the fair value of our reporting units based primarily on the discounted projected cash flows of the underlying operations. this requires numerous assumptions, including the timing of work embedded in our backlog, our performance and profitability under our contracts, our success in securing future business, the appropriate risk-adjusted interest rate used to discount the projected cash flows, and terminal value growth rates applied to the final year of projected cash flows. due to the variables inherent in our estimates of fair value, differences in assumptions may have a material effect on the result of our impairment analysis. to assess the reasonableness of our discounted projected cash flows, we compare the sum of our reporting units' fair value to our market capitalization and calculate an implied control premium (the excess of the market capitalization over the sum of the reporting units' fair values). additionally, we evaluate the reasonableness of each reporting unit's fair value by comparing the fair value to comparable peer companies and recent comparable market transactions.
we completed the required annual goodwill impairment test as of december 31, 2018. the first step of the goodwill impairment test compares the fair value of each of our reporting units to its carrying value. the results of the first-step test indicated that, for each of our reporting units, no impairment existed. the estimated fair value of each of our reporting units was substantially in excess of its respective carrying value as of december 31, 2018, with the exception of our information technology reporting unit for which the excess was slightly more than 5%. this is due to the significant size of the csra acquisition relative to the newly formed information technology reporting unit and its recent acquisition date. given that the net book value of this business was recorded at its fair value during the current reporting period, the reporting unit's carrying value, by default, closely approximates its fair value at year end. as the carrying value and fair value of the information technology reporting unit are closely aligned, a material change in the fair value or carrying value would put the reporting unit at risk of goodwill impairment. for example, our ability to realize synergies from the acquisition of csra and the level of funding in the u.s. government budget
for contracts in our portfolio are key assumptions in our projections of revenue, earnings and cash flows. if our actual experience in future years falls significantly below our current projections, the fair value of the reporting unit could be negatively impacted. similarly, an increase in interest rates would lower our discounted cash flows and negatively impact the fair value of the reporting unit. we believe our projections and assumptions are reasonable, but it is possible they could change, impacting our fair value estimate, or the carrying value could change.
commitments and contingencies. we are subject to litigation and other legal proceedings arising either from the normal course of business or under provisions relating to the protection of the environment. estimating liabilities and costs associated with these matters requires the use of judgment. we record a charge against earnings when a liability associated with claims or pending or threatened litigation is probable and when our exposure is reasonably estimable. the ultimate resolution of our exposure related to these matters may change as further facts and circumstances become known.
other contract costs. other contract costs represent amounts that are not currently allocable to government contracts, such as a portion of our estimated workers' compensation obligations, other insurance-related assessments, pension and other post-retirement benefits, and environmental expenses. these costs will become allocable to contracts generally after they are paid. we have elected to defer these costs in other current assets on the consolidated balance sheet until they can be allocated to contracts. we expect to recover these costs through ongoing business, including existing backlog and probable follow-on contracts. we regularly assess the probability of recovery of these costs. this assessment requires that we make assumptions about future contract costs, the extent of cost recovery under our contracts and the amount of future contract activity. these estimates are based on our best judgment. if the backlog in the future does not support the continued deferral of these costs, the profitability of our remaining contracts could be adversely affected.
retirement plans. our defined-benefit pension and other post-retirement benefit costs and obligations depend on several assumptions and estimates. the key assumptions include interest rates used to discount estimated future liabilities and projected long-term rates of return on plan assets. we base the discount rates on a current yield curve developed from a portfolio of high-quality, fixed-income investments with maturities consistent with the projected benefit payout period. we use the spot rate approach to identify individual spot rates along the yield curve that correspond with the timing of each projected service cost and discounted benefit obligation payment.
we determine the long-term rates of return on assets based on consideration of historical and forward-looking returns and the current and expected asset allocation strategy. in 2017, we decreased the expected long-term rate of return on assets in our primary u.s. government and commercial pension plans by 75 basis points following an assessment of the historical and expected long-term returns of our various asset classes. beginning in 2019, we will decrease the expected long-term rates of return on assets in our primary u.s. other post-retirement benefit plans by 100 basis points, following an assessment of the historical and expected long-term returns of our various asset classes. this decrease is not expected to have a material impact on our 2019 benefit costs.
these retirement plan assumptions are based on our best judgment, including consideration of current and future market conditions. in the event any of the assumptions change, pension and other post-retirement benefit cost could increase or decrease. for further discussion, including the impact of hypothetical changes in the discount rate and expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, see note q to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.
as discussed under other contract costs, our contractual arrangements with the u.s. government provide for the recovery of benefit costs for our government retirement plans. we have elected to defer recognition of the benefit costs until such costs can be allocated to contracts. therefore, the impact of annual changes in financial reporting assumptions on the retirement benefit cost for these plans does not immediately affect our operating results.
accounting standards updates. see note a to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for information regarding accounting standards we adopted in 2018 and other new accounting standards that have been issued by the financial accounting standards board (fasb) but are not effective until after december 31, 2018.