item 1a.   risk factors
if any of the events discussed in the following risk factors were to occur, our business, financial position, results of operations, cash flows or prospects could be materially, adversely affected. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known, or currently deemed immaterial, may also constrain our business and operations.
our substantial leverage could adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations, limit our ability to react to changes in the economy or our industry, expose us to interest rate risk to the extent of our variable rate debt and prevent us from meeting our obligations.
we are highly leveraged. as of december 31, 2018, our total indebtedness was $32.821 billion. as of december 31, 2018, we had availability of $1.983 billion under our senior secured revolving credit facility and $710 million under our asset-based revolving credit facility, after giving effect to letters of credit and borrowing base limitations. our high degree of leverage could have important consequences, including:
•   increasing our vulnerability to downturns or adverse changes in general economic, industry or competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulations;
•                             requiring a substantial portion of cash flows from operations to be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness, therefore reducing our ability to use our cash flows to fund our operations, capital expenditures and future business opportunities;
•   limiting our ability to make strategic acquisitions or causing us to make nonstrategic divestitures;
•                          limiting our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, share repurchases, dividends, product or service line development, debt service requirements, acquisitions and general corporate or other purposes; and
•   limiting our ability to adjust to changing market conditions and placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors who are less highly leveraged.
we and our subsidiaries have the ability to incur additional indebtedness in the future, subject to the restrictions contained in our senior secured credit facilities and the indentures governing our outstanding notes. if new indebtedness is added to our current debt levels, interest rates and the related risks that we now face could intensify.
our ability to make scheduled payments on or to refinance our debt obligations depends on our financial condition and operating performance, which are subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business and other factors beyond our control. we cannot assure you we will maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness.
in addition, we conduct our operations through our subsidiaries. accordingly, repayment of our indebtedness is dependent on the generation of cash flows by our subsidiaries and their ability to make such cash available to us by dividend, debt repayment or otherwise. our subsidiaries may not be able to, or may not be permitted to, make distributions to enable us to make payments in respect of our indebtedness. each subsidiary is a distinct legal entity, and, under certain circumstances, legal and contractual restrictions may limit our ability to obtain cash from our subsidiaries.
index to financial statements we may find it necessary or prudent to refinance our outstanding indebtedness, the terms of which may not be favorable to us. our ability to refinance our indebtedness on favorable terms, or at all, is directly affected by the then current global economic and financial conditions which affect the availability of debt financing and the rates at which such financing is available. in addition, our ability to incur secured indebtedness (which would generally enable us to achieve better pricing than the incurrence of unsecured indebtedness) depends in part on the value of our assets, which depends, in turn, on the strength of our cash flows and results of operations, and on economic and market conditions and other factors.
if our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations or we are unable to refinance our indebtedness, we may be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures, or to sell assets, seek additional capital or restructure our indebtedness. these alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. if our operating results and available cash are insufficient to meet our debt service obligations, we could face substantial liquidity problems and might be required to dispose of material assets or operations to meet our debt service and other obligations. we may not be able to consummate those dispositions, or the proceeds from the dispositions may not be adequate to meet any debt service obligations then due.
our debt agreements contain restrictions that limit our flexibility in operating our business.
our senior secured credit facilities and, to a lesser extent, the indentures governing our outstanding notes contain various covenants that limit our ability to engage in specified types of transactions. these covenants limit our and certain of our subsidiaries’ ability to, among other things:
•   incur additional indebtedness or issue certain preferred shares;
•   pay dividends on, repurchase or make distributions in respect of our capital stock or make other restricted payments;
•   enter into certain transactions with our affiliates.
under our asset-based revolving credit facility, availability is subject to a borrowing base of 85% of eligible accounts receivable less customary reserves, with any reduction in the borrowing base commensurately reducing our ability to access this facility as a source of liquidity. in addition, under the asset-based revolving credit facility, when (and for as long as) the combined availability under our asset-based revolving credit facility and our senior secured revolving credit facility is less than a specified amount for a certain period of time or, if a payment or bankruptcy event of default has occurred and is continuing, funds deposited into any of our depository accounts will be transferred on a daily basis into a blocked account with the administrative agent and applied to prepay loans under the asset-based revolving credit facility and to collateralize letters of credit issued thereunder.
under our senior secured credit facilities, we are required to satisfy and maintain specified financial ratios. our ability to meet those financial ratios can be affected by events beyond our control, and there can be no assurance we will continue to meet those ratios. a breach of any of these covenants could result in a default under both the cash flow credit facility and the asset-based revolving credit facility. upon the occurrence of an event of default under these senior secured credit facilities, the lenders thereunder could elect to declare all amounts outstanding under the senior secured credit facilities to be immediately due and payable and terminate all commitments to extend further credit, which would also result in an event of default under a significant
index to financial statements portion of our outstanding indebtedness. if we were unable to repay those amounts, the lenders under the senior secured credit facilities could proceed against the collateral granted to them to secure such indebtedness. we have pledged a significant portion of our assets under our senior secured credit facilities and that collateral is also pledged as collateral under our first lien notes. if any of the lenders under the senior secured credit facilities accelerate the repayment of borrowings, there can be no assurance there will be sufficient assets to repay the senior secured credit facilities, the first lien notes and our other indebtedness.
our hospitals face competition for patients from other hospitals and health care providers.
the health care business is highly competitive, and competition among hospitals and other health care providers for patients has intensified in recent years. generally, other hospitals in the communities we serve provide services similar to those offered by our hospitals. in addition, cms publicizes on its hospital compare website performance data related to quality measures and data on patient satisfaction surveys that hospitals submit in connection with their medicare reimbursement. federal law provides for the future expansion of the number of quality measures that must be reported. additional quality measures and trends toward clinical transparency may have an unanticipated impact on our competitive position and patient volumes. further, cms requires every medicare-participating hospital to establish and update annually a public listing online of the hospital’s standard charges for items and services. if any of our hospitals achieve poor results (or results that are lower than our competitors) on these quality measures or on patient satisfaction surveys or if our standard charges are or are perceived to be higher than our competitors, our patient volumes could decline.
the number of freestanding specialty hospitals, surgery centers, emergency departments, urgent care centers and diagnostic and imaging centers in the geographic areas in which we operate has increased. many individuals are seeking a broader range of services at outpatient facilities as a result of the growing availability of stand-alone outpatient healthcare facilities, the increase in payer reimbursement policies that restrict inpatient coverage and the increase in the services that can be provided on an outpatient basis, including high margin services. consequently, most of our hospitals operate in a highly competitive environment, which may put pressure on our pricing, ability to contract with third-party payers and the company’s strategy for volume growth. some of the facilities that compete with our hospitals are physician-owned or are owned by governmental agencies or not-for-profit corporations supported by endowments, charitable contributions and/or tax revenues and can finance capital expenditures and operations on a tax-exempt basis. recent consolidations of not-for-profit hospital entities may intensify this competitive pressure. there is also increasing consolidation in the third-party payer industry, including vertical integration efforts among third-party payers and health care providers, and increasing efforts by payers to influence or direct the patient’s choice of provider by the use of narrow networks or other strategies. health care industry participants are increasingly implementing physician alignment strategies, such as employing physicians, acquiring physician practice groups and participating in acos or other clinical integration models. other industry participants, such as large employer groups and their affiliates, may intensify competitive pressure and affect the industry in ways that are difficult to predict.
our hospitals compete with specialty hospitals and with both our own and unaffiliated freestanding ascs and other outpatient providers for market share in certain high margin services and for quality physicians and personnel. if ascs and other outpatient providers are better able to compete in this environment than our hospitals, our hospitals may experience a decline in patient volume, and we may experience a decrease in margin, even if those patients use our providers. in states that do not require a con or other type of approval for the purchase, construction or expansion of health care facilities or services, competition in the form of new services, facilities and capital spending is more prevalent. further, if our competitors are better able to attract patients, make capital expenditures and maintain modern and technologically upgraded facilities and equipment, recruit physicians, expand services or obtain favorable third-party payer contracts at their facilities than our hospitals and other providers, we may experience an overall decline in patient volume. see item 1, “business — competition.”
index to financial statements a deterioration in the collectability of uninsured and patient due accounts could adversely affect our results of operations.
the primary collection risks for our accounts receivable relate to the uninsured patient accounts and patient accounts for which the primary third-party payer has paid the amounts covered by the applicable agreement, but patient responsibility amounts (exclusions, deductibles and copayments) remain outstanding. medicare reimburses hospitals for 65% of eligible medicare bad debts. to be eligible for reimbursement, the amounts claimed must meet certain criteria, including that the debt is related to unpaid deductible or coinsurance amounts and that the hospital first attempted to collect the fees from the medicare beneficiary.
the estimates for implicit price concessions are based upon management’s assessment of historical write-offs and expected net collections, business and economic conditions, trends in federal and state governmental and private employer health care coverage, the rate of growth in uninsured patient admissions and other collection indicators. at december 31, 2018, estimated implicit price concessions of $6.280 billion had been recorded as reductions to our accounts receivable to enable us to record our revenues and accounts receivable at the estimated amounts we expect to collect. total uncompensated care increased from $20.455 billion for 2016 to $23.420 billion for 2017 and to $26.757 billion for 2018.
any increase in the amount or deterioration in the collectability of uninsured accounts receivable will adversely affect our cash flows and results of operations. our facilities may experience growth in total uncompensated care as a result of a number of factors, including conditions impacting the overall economy and high unemployment. effective january 2019, congress eliminated the financial penalty associated with the health reform law’s individual mandate. further, final rules issued in 2018 expand the availability of association health plans and allow the sale of short-term, limited-duration health plans, neither of which are required to cover all of the essential health benefits mandated by the health reform law. these changes may impact the number of individuals that elect to obtain public or private health insurance or the scope of such coverage, if purchased. the presidential administration and a number of members of congress continue to make other efforts to repeal or significantly change the health reform law. even if the health reform law remains in effect, we will continue to experience collectability issues and provide uninsured discounts and charity care for individuals residing in states that choose not to implement the medicaid expansion, for undocumented aliens who are not permitted to enroll in an exchange or government health care programs and for certain others who may not have insurance coverage. further, some patients may choose to enroll in lower cost medicaid plans or other health insurance plans with lower reimbursement levels. we may also be adversely affected by the growth in patient responsibility accounts as a result of increases in the adoption of health plan structures that shift greater responsibility for care to individuals through greater exclusions and copayment and deductible amounts.
in recent years, legislative and regulatory changes have resulted in limitations on and, in some cases, reductions in levels of payments to health care providers for certain services under the medicare program. congress has established automatic spending reductions that extend through 2027. however, the percentage reduction for medicare may not be more than 2% for a fiscal year, with a uniform percentage reduction across all medicare programs. we are unable to predict what other deficit reduction initiatives may be proposed by congress. these reductions are in addition to reductions mandated by the health reform law and other laws. further, from time to time, cms revises the reimbursement systems used to reimburse health care providers,
index to financial statements including changes to the ms-drg system and other payment systems, which may result in reduced medicare payments. for example, under a site neutrality policy, certain items and services provided by off-campus provider-based departments that were formerly paid under the outpatient pps are now paid under the physician fee schedule, subject to certain exceptions that are being phased out over the next two years. cms is also considering proposals to reduce drug costs. cms may implement changes to how items or services are reimbursed that result in payment reductions for other services.
because most states must operate with balanced budgets and because the medicaid program is often a state’s largest program, some states have enacted or may consider enacting legislation designed to reduce their medicaid expenditures. further, many states have also adopted, or are considering, legislation designed to reduce coverage, enroll medicaid recipients in managed care programs, dis-enroll medicaid recipients who fail to meet work requirements and/or impose additional taxes on hospitals to help finance or expand the states’ medicaid systems. periods of economic weakness may increase the budgetary pressures on many states, and these budgetary pressures may result in decreased spending, or decreased spending growth, for medicaid programs and the children’s health insurance program in many states. some states that provide medicaid supplemental payments are reviewing these programs or have filed waiver requests with cms to replace these programs, and cms has performed and continues to perform compliance reviews of some states’ programs, which could result in medicaid supplemental payments being reduced or eliminated. for example, in december 2017, cms announced that it will phase out funding for designated state health programs under certain types of medicaid waivers. further, legislation and administrative actions at the federal level may significantly alter the funding for, or structure of, the medicaid program. for example, from time to time, congress considers proposals to restructure the medicaid program to involve block grants that would be administered by the states.
current or future health care reform and deficit reduction efforts, changes in laws or regulations regarding government health care programs, other changes in the administration of government health care programs and changes by private third-party payers in response to health care reform and other changes to government health care programs could have a material, adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations.
in recent years, congress and certain state legislatures have introduced and passed a large number of proposals and legislation designed to make major changes in the health care system, including changes intended to increase access to health insurance. the health reform law is the most prominent of these efforts and represents a significant shift in the way health care services are delivered, covered, and reimbursed. although it has reduced our medicare and medicaid reimbursement, the health reform law has also reduced the number of uninsured patients to whom we provide health care services, primarily through the exchanges and medicaid expansion. however, effective january 2019, congress eliminated the financial penalty associated with the individual mandate. additionally, final rules issued in 2018 expand the availability of association health plans and allow the sale of short-term, limited-duration health plans, neither of which are required to cover all of the essential health benefits mandated by the health reform law. these developments may impact the number of individuals that elect to obtain public or private health insurance or the scope of such coverage, if purchased.
in december 2018, as a result of the individual mandate penalty being eliminated, the united states district court for the northern district of texas found that the entire health reform law was unconstitutional, but the law remains in place pending appeal. if the district court’s ruling is upheld on appeal, it could have an adverse effect on the company’s results of operations. in addition, the presidential administration and a number of
index to financial statements members of congress continue to attempt to repeal, amend or replace the law, or make significant changes to its implementation, and the law remains subject to court challenges. cms has indicated that it intends to increase flexibility in state medicaid programs, including by expanding the scope of waivers under which states may implement medicaid expansion provisions, impose different eligibility or enrollment restrictions, or otherwise implement programs that vary from federal standards. there is uncertainty regarding whether, when, and how the health reform law may be further changed, what alternative provisions, if any, will be enacted, the timing of enactment and implementation of alternative provisions, the impact of alternative provisions on health care industry participants, the ultimate outcome of court challenges and how the law will be interpreted and implemented. changes by congress or government agencies could eliminate or alter provisions beneficial to us, while leaving in place provisions reducing our reimbursement or otherwise negatively impacting our business. members of congress have also proposed measures that would expand government-sponsored coverage, including single-payer proposals. other industry participants, such as private payers and large employer groups and their affiliates, may also introduce financial or delivery system reforms. we are unable to predict the nature and success of such initiatives. health care reform initiatives, including changes to or repeal or invalidation of the health reform law, may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flow, capital resources, and liquidity.
if our volume of patients with private health insurance coverage declines or we are unable to retain and negotiate favorable contracts with private third-party payers, including managed care plans, our revenues may be reduced.
private third-party payers, including hmos, ppos and other managed care plans, typically reimburse health care providers at a higher rate than medicare, medicaid or other government health care programs. reimbursement rates are set forth by contract when our facilities are in-network, and payers utilize plan structures to encourage or require the use of in-network providers. revenues derived from private third-party payers (domestic only) accounted for 52.4%, 53.5% and 53.7% of our revenues for 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. as a result, our ability to maintain or increase patient volumes covered by private third-party payers and to maintain and obtain favorable contracts with private third-party payers significantly affects the revenues and operating results of our facilities.
private third-party payers, including managed care plans, continue to demand discounted fee structures, and the ongoing trend toward consolidation among payers tends to increase their bargaining power over fee structures. payers may utilize plan structures such as narrow networks and tiered networks that limit beneficiary provider choices or impose significantly higher cost sharing obligations when care is obtained from providers in a disfavored tier. other health care providers may impact our ability to enter into managed care contracts or negotiate increases in our reimbursement and other favorable terms and conditions. for example, some of our competitors may negotiate exclusivity provisions with managed care plans or otherwise restrict the ability of managed care plans to contract with us. in addition to increasing negotiating leverage of private third-party payers, alignment efforts between third-party payers and health care providers may also result in other competitive advantages, such as greater access to performance and pricing data. our future success will depend, in part, on our ability to retain and renew our third-party payer contracts and enter into new contracts on terms favorable to us. cost-reduction strategies by large employer groups and their affiliates, such as directly contracting with a limited number of providers, may also limit our ability to negotiate favorable terms in our contracts and otherwise intensify competitive pressure. it is not clear what impact, if any, future health reform efforts or the repeal of, or further changes to, the health reform law will have on our ability to negotiate reimbursement increases and participate in third-party payer networks on favorable terms. if we are unable to retain and negotiate favorable contracts with third-party payers or experience reductions in payment increases or amounts received from third-party payers, our revenues may be reduced.
our performance depends on our ability to recruit and retain quality physicians.
the success of our hospitals depends in part on the number and quality of the physicians on the medical staffs of our hospitals, the admitting and utilization practices of those physicians, maintaining good relations with
index to financial statements those physicians and controlling costs related to the employment of physicians. although we employ some physicians, physicians are often not employees of the hospitals at which they practice, and, in many of the markets we serve, most physicians have admitting privileges at other hospitals in addition to our hospitals. we continue to face increasing competition to recruit physicians. such physicians may terminate their affiliation with our hospitals at any time. we may face increased challenges in this area as the physician population reaches retirement age, especially if there is a shortage of physicians willing and able to provide comparable services. if we are unable to provide adequate support personnel or technologically advanced equipment and hospital facilities that meet the needs of those physicians and their patients, they may be discouraged from referring patients to our facilities, admissions may decrease and our operating performance may decline.
our hospitals face competition for staffing, which may increase labor costs.
our operations are dependent on the efforts, abilities and experience of our management and medical support personnel, such as nurses, pharmacists and lab technicians, as well as our physicians. we compete with other health care providers in recruiting and retaining qualified management and support personnel responsible for the daily operations of each of our hospitals, including nurses and other nonphysician health care professionals. in some markets, the availability of nurses and other medical support personnel has been a significant operating issue to health care providers. we may be required to continue to enhance wages and benefits to recruit and retain nurses and other medical support personnel or to hire more expensive temporary or contract personnel. as a result, our labor costs could increase. we also depend on the available labor pool of semi-skilled and unskilled employees in each of the markets in which we operate. recent changes in federal labor laws and the nlrb’s modification of its election procedures could increase the likelihood of employee unionization attempts. to the extent a significant portion of our employee base unionizes, it is possible our labor costs could increase materially. when negotiating collective bargaining agreements with unions, whether such agreements are renewals or first contracts, there is the possibility that strikes could occur during the negotiation process, and our continued operation during any strikes could increase our labor costs. in addition, the states in which we operate could adopt mandatory nurse-staffing ratios or could reduce mandatory nurse staffing ratios already in place. state-mandated nurse-staffing ratios could significantly affect labor costs and have an adverse impact on revenues if we are required to limit admissions in order to meet the required ratios. if our labor costs increase, we may not be able to raise rates to offset these increased costs. because a significant percentage of our revenues consists of fixed, prospective payments, our ability to pass along increased labor costs is constrained. our failure to recruit and retain qualified management, nurses and other medical support personnel, or to control labor costs, could have a material, adverse effect on our results of operations.
the talents and efforts of our employees, particularly our key management, are vital to our success. our management team has significant industry experience and would be difficult to replace. in addition, institutional knowledge may be lost in any potential managerial transition. we may be unable to retain them or to attract other highly qualified employees, particularly if we do not offer employment terms that are competitive with the rest of the labor market. failure to attract, hire, develop, motivate, and retain highly qualified and diverse employee talent, or failure to develop and implement an adequate succession plan for the management team, could disrupt our operations and adversely affect our business and our future success.
index to financial statements if we fail to comply with extensive laws and government regulations, we could suffer penalties or be required to make significant changes to our operations.
the health care industry is required to comply with extensive and complex laws and regulations at the federal, state and local government levels relating to, among other things:
•   relationships with physicians and other referral sources and referral recipients;
•   necessity and adequacy of medical care;
•   quality of medical equipment and services;
•   confidentiality, maintenance, data breach, identity theft and security issues associated with health-related and personal information and medical records;
•   screening, stabilization and transfer of individuals who have emergency medical conditions;
•   licensure, certification and enrollment with government programs;
•   hospital rate or budget review;
•   debt collection, limits on balance billing and billing for out of network services;
•   communications with patients and consumers;
•   activities regarding competitors;
•   addition of facilities and services; and
among these laws are the federal anti-kickback statute, the federal stark law, the fca and similar state laws. we have a variety of financial relationships with physicians and others who either refer or influence the referral of patients to our hospitals, other health care facilities and employed physicians or who are the recipients of referrals, and these laws govern those relationships. the oig has enacted safe harbor regulations that outline practices deemed protected from prosecution under the anti-kickback statute. while we endeavor to comply with the applicable safe harbors, certain of our current arrangements, including joint ventures and financial relationships with physicians and other referral sources and persons and entities to which we refer patients, do not qualify for safe harbor protection. failure to qualify for a safe harbor does not mean the arrangement necessarily violates the anti-kickback statute but may subject the arrangement to greater scrutiny. however, we cannot offer assurance that practices outside of a safe harbor will not be found to violate the anti-kickback statute. allegations of violations of the anti-kickback statute may be brought under the federal civil monetary penalty law, which requires a lower burden of proof than other fraud and abuse laws, including the anti-kickback statute.
our financial relationships with referring physicians and their immediate family members must comply with the stark law by meeting an exception. we attempt to structure our relationships to meet an exception to the stark law, but the regulations implementing the exceptions are detailed and complex, and we cannot provide assurance that every relationship complies fully with the stark law. unlike the anti-kickback statute, failure to meet an exception under the stark law results in a violation of the stark law, even if such violation is technical in nature.
index to financial statements additionally, if we violate the anti-kickback statute or stark law, or if we improperly bill for our services, we may be found to violate the fca, either under a suit brought by the government or by a private person under a qui tam, or “whistleblower,” suit. see item 1, “business — regulation and other factors.”
we also operate health care facilities in the united kingdom and have operations and commercial relationships with companies in other foreign jurisdictions and, as a result, are subject to certain u.s. and foreign laws applicable to businesses generally, including anti-corruption laws. the foreign corrupt practices act regulates u.s. companies in their dealings with foreign officials, prohibiting bribes and similar practices, and requires that they maintain records that fairly and accurately reflect transactions and appropriate internal accounting controls. in addition, the united kingdom bribery act has wide jurisdiction over certain activities that affect the united kingdom.
a variety of state, national, foreign and international laws and regulations apply to the collection, use, retention, protection, security, disclosure, transfer and other processing of personal data. many foreign data privacy regulations (including the general data protection regulation (the “gdpr”), which became effective in the european union on may 25, 2018) are more stringent than those in the united states. these laws and regulations are rapidly evolving and changing, and could have an adverse effect on our operations. companies’ obligations and requirements under these laws and regulations are subject to uncertainty in how they may be interpreted by government authorities and regulators. the costs of compliance with, and the other burdens imposed by, these and other laws or regulatory actions may increase our operational costs, result in interruptions or delays in the availability of systems and/or result in a patient volume decline. in the case of non-compliance with a material provision of the gdpr (such as non-adherence to the core principles of processing personal data), regulators have the authority to levy a fine in an amount that is up to the greater of €20 million or 4% of global annual turnover in the prior year. if it is determined that non-compliance is related to a non-material provision (such as failure to comply with technical measures), regulators may impose a fine in an amount that is up to the greater of €10 million or 2% of the global annual turnover from the prior year. these administrative fines are discretionary and based, in each case, on a multi-factored approach. we may also face audits or investigations by one or more domestic or foreign government agencies relating to our compliance with these regulations. an adverse outcome under any such investigation or audit could result in liability, result in adverse publicity, and adversely affect our business.
we engage in consumer debt collection for hca-affiliated hospitals and certain non-affiliated hospitals. the federal fair debt collection practices act and telephone consumer protection act restrict the methods that companies may use to contact and seek payment from consumer debtors regarding past due accounts. many states impose additional requirements on debt collection practices, and some of those requirements may be more stringent than the federal requirements.
if we fail to comply with these or other applicable laws and regulations, we could be subject to liabilities, including civil penalties, the loss of our licenses to operate one or more facilities, exclusion of one or more facilities from participation in the medicare, medicaid and other federal and state health care programs and criminal penalties.
we do not always have the benefit of significant regulatory or judicial interpretation of these laws and regulations. in the future, different interpretations or enforcement of, or amendment to, these or other laws and regulations could subject our current or past practices to allegations of impropriety or illegality or could require us to make changes in our facilities, equipment, personnel, services, capital expenditure programs and operating expenses. a determination that we have violated these or other laws, or the public announcement that we are being investigated for possible violations of these or other laws, could have a material, adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects, and our business reputation could suffer significantly. in addition, other legislation or regulations at the federal or state level may be adopted that adversely affect our business.
index to financial statements we have been and could become the subject of government investigations, claims and litigation.
health care companies are subject to numerous investigations by various government agencies. further, under the fca, private parties have the right to bring qui tam, or “whistleblower,” suits against companies that submit false claims for payments to, or improperly retain overpayments from, the government. some states have adopted similar state whistleblower and false claims provisions. certain of our individual facilities and/or affiliates have received, and other facilities and/or affiliates may receive, government inquiries from, and may be subject to investigation by, federal and state agencies. depending on whether the underlying conduct in these or future inquiries or investigations could be considered systemic, their resolution could have a material, adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and liquidity.
government agencies and their agents, such as the macs, fiscal intermediaries and carriers, as well as the oig, cms and state medicaid programs, conduct audits of our health care operations. cms and state medicaid agencies contract with racs and other contractors on a contingency fee basis to conduct post-payment reviews to detect and correct improper payments in the medicare program, including managed medicare plans, and the medicaid programs. rac denials are appealable; however, there are currently significant delays in the assignment of new medicare appeals to administrative law judges, which negatively impacts our ability to appeal rac payment denials. private third-party payers may conduct similar post-payment audits, and we also perform internal audits and monitoring. depending on the nature of the conduct found in such audits and whether the underlying conduct could be considered systemic, the resolution of these audits could have a material, adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and liquidity.
should we be found out of compliance with any of these laws, regulations or programs, depending on the nature of the findings, our business, our financial position and our results of operations could be negatively impacted.
controls imposed by medicare, managed medicare, medicaid, managed medicaid and private third-party payers designed to reduce admissions, intensity of services, surgical volumes and lengths of stay, in some instances referred to as “utilization review,” have affected and are expected to continue to affect our facilities. utilization review entails the review of the admission and course of treatment of a patient by third-party payers. the medicare program also issues national or local coverage determinations that restrict the circumstances under which medicare pays for certain services. inpatient utilization, average lengths of stay and occupancy rates continue to be negatively affected by third-party payers’ preadmission authorization requirements, coverage restrictions, utilization review and by pressure to maximize outpatient and alternative health care delivery services for less acutely ill patients. efforts to impose more stringent cost controls are expected to continue. additionally, trends in physician treatment protocols and health plan design, such as health plans that shift increased costs and accountability for care to patients, could reduce our surgical volumes and admissions in favor of lower intensity and lower cost treatment methodologies.
volume, admission and case-mix trends may be impacted by other factors beyond our control, such as changes in volume of certain high acuity services, variations in the prevalence and severity of outbreaks of influenza and other illnesses and medical conditions, seasonal and severe weather conditions, changes in treatment regimens and medical technology and other advances. these factors may reduce the demand for services we offer and decrease the reimbursement that we receive. significant limits on the scope of services reimbursed, cost controls, changes to physician utilization practices, treatment methodologies, reimbursement rates and fees and other factors beyond our control could have a material, adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations.
budget deficits at federal, state and local government entities have had a negative impact on spending, and may continue to negatively impact spending, for health and human service programs, including medicare, medicaid and similar programs, which represent significant third-party payer sources for our hospitals. we anticipate that the federal deficit, the growing magnitude of medicare expenditures and the aging of the united states population will continue to place pressure on government health care programs. other risks we face during periods of economic weakness and high unemployment include potential declines in the population covered under managed care agreements, increased patient decisions to postpone or cancel elective and nonemergency health care procedures (including delaying surgical procedures), potential increases in the uninsured and underinsured populations, increased adoption of health plan structures that shift financial responsibility to patients and further difficulties in collecting patient receivables for copayment and deductible receivables.
there is a trend in the health care industry toward value-based purchasing of health care services. these value-based purchasing programs include both public reporting of quality data and preventable adverse events tied to the quality and efficiency of care provided by facilities. governmental programs including medicare currently require hospitals to report certain quality data to receive full reimbursement updates. in addition, medicare does not reimburse for care related to certain preventable adverse events (also called “never events”). the health reform law also prohibits the use of federal funds under the medicaid program to reimburse providers for medical assistance provided to treat hacs. the 25% of hospitals with the worst risk-adjusted hac scores in the designated performance period receive a 1% reduction in their inpatient pps medicare payments.
hospitals with excess readmission rates for conditions designated by hhs will receive a reduction in their inpatient pps operating medicare payments for all medicare inpatient discharges, not just discharges relating to the conditions subject to the excess readmission standard. the reduction in payments to hospitals with excess readmissions can be up to 3% of a hospital’s base payments.
hhs has implemented a value-based purchasing program for inpatient hospital services that reduces inpatient hospital payments for all discharges by 2% in each federal fiscal year. hhs pools the amount collected from these reductions to fund payments to reward hospitals that meet or exceed certain quality performance standards established by hhs. hhs estimates that $1.9 billion in value-based incentive payments will be available to hospitals in federal fiscal year 2019 based on achievement (relative to other hospitals) and improvement (relative to the hospital’s own past performance). hospitals that meet or exceed the quality performance standards will receive greater reimbursement under the value-based purchasing program than they would have otherwise.
cms has developed several alternative payment models that are intended to reduce costs and improve quality of care for medicare beneficiaries. examples of alternative payment models include bundled payment models in which, depending on whether overall cms spending per episode exceeds or falls below a target specified by cms and whether quality standards are met, hospitals may receive supplemental medicare payments or owe repayments to cms. generally, participation in bundled payment programs is voluntary, but cms requires hospitals in selected markets to participate in a bundled payment initiative for orthopedic services. cms has indicated that it is developing more voluntary and mandatory bundled payment models. participation in mandatory or voluntary demonstration projects, particularly demonstrations with the potential to affect payment, may negatively impact our results of operations.
many large private third-party payers currently require hospitals to report quality data, and several private third-party payers do not reimburse hospitals for certain preventable adverse events. further, we have implemented a policy pursuant to which we do not bill patients or third-party payers for fees or expenses incurred due to certain preventable adverse events.
index to financial statements we expect value-based purchasing programs, including programs that condition reimbursement on patient outcome measures, to become more common and to involve a higher percentage of reimbursement amounts. cms has announced aggressive goals for adopting alternative payment models, which may include additional bundled payment programs, and private third-party payers may also transition away from fee-for-service payment models. it is unclear whether these and other alternative payment models will successfully coordinate care and reduce costs or whether they will decrease aggregate reimbursement. we are unable at this time to predict our future payments or whether we will be subject to payment reductions under these programs or how this trend will affect our results of operations. if we are unable to meet or exceed the quality performance standards under any applicable value-based purchasing program, perform at a level below the outcomes demonstrated by our competitors, or otherwise fail to effectively provide or coordinate the efficient delivery of quality health care services, our reputation in the industry may be negatively impacted, we may receive reduced reimbursement amounts and we may owe repayments to payers, causing our revenues to decline.
the performance of our information systems is critical to our business operations. in addition to our shared services initiatives, our information systems are essential to a number of critical areas of our operations, including:
•   monitoring quality of care and collecting data on quality measures necessary for full medicare payment updates.
information systems may be vulnerable to damage from a variety of sources, including telecommunications or network failures, human acts and natural disasters. we have taken precautionary measures to prevent unanticipated problems that could affect our information systems. nevertheless, we may experience system failures. the occurrence of any system failure could result in interruptions, delays, the loss or corruption of data and cessations or interruptions in the availability of systems, all of which could have a material, adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations and harm our business reputation.
a cybersecurity incident could result in the compromise of our facilities, confidential data or critical data systems and give rise to potential harm to patients, remediation and other expenses, expose us to liability under hipaa, consumer protection laws, common law theories or other laws, subject us to litigation and foreign, federal and state governmental inquiries, damage our reputation, and otherwise be disruptive to our business.
we, independently and through third-party vendors, collect and store on our networks and devices sensitive information, including intellectual property, proprietary business information and personally identifiable information of our patients and employees. we have made significant investments in technology to adopt and meaningfully use ehr and in the use of medical devices that store sensitive data and are integral to the provision of patient care. in addition, medical devices manufactured by third parties that are used within our facilities are increasingly connected to the internet, hospital networks and other medical devices. the secure maintenance of this information and technology is critical to our business operations. we have implemented multiple layers of
index to financial statements security measures to protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of this data and the systems and devices that store and transmit such data. we utilize current security technologies, and our defenses are monitored and routinely tested internally and by external parties. despite these efforts, threats from malicious persons and groups, new vulnerabilities and advanced new attacks against information systems and devices against us or our third party vendors create risk of cybersecurity incidents, including ransomware and malware incidents. we are regularly the target of attempted cybersecurity and other threats that could have a security impact. there can be no assurance that we or our third-party vendors will not be subject to cybersecurity incidents that bypass our security measures, impact the integrity, availability or privacy of personal health information or other data subject to privacy laws or disrupt our information systems, devices or business, including our ability to provide various health care services. as a result, cybersecurity, physical security and the continued development and enhancement of our controls, processes and practices designed to protect our facilities, information systems and data from attack, damage or unauthorized access remain a priority for us. as cyber threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any cybersecurity vulnerabilities or incidents. the occurrence of any of these events could result in (i) harm to patients; (ii) business interruptions and delays; (iii) the loss, misappropriation, corruption or unauthorized access of data; (iv) litigation and potential liability under privacy, security, breach notification and consumer protection laws, common law theories or other applicable laws; (v) reputational damage and (vi) foreign, federal and state governmental inquiries, any of which could have a material, adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations and harm our business reputation.
eligible hospitals and eligible professionals that fail to demonstrate meaningful use of certified ehr technology in an applicable prior reporting period are subject to reduced payments from medicare in connection with the cms promoting interoperability program. failure to continue to demonstrate meaningful use of certified ehr technology could have a material, adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations.
if a pandemic, epidemic, outbreak of an infectious disease or other public health crisis were to occur in an area in which we operate, our operations could be adversely affected. such a crisis could diminish the public trust in health care facilities, especially hospitals that fail to accurately or timely diagnose, or are treating (or have treated) patients affected by infectious diseases. if any of our facilities were involved, or perceived as being involved, in treating patients from such an infectious disease, patients might cancel elective procedures or fail to seek needed care at our facilities. further, a pandemic, epidemic or outbreak might adversely affect our operations by causing a temporary shutdown or diversion of patients, by disrupting or delaying production and delivery of materials and products in the supply chain or by causing staffing shortages in our facilities. we have disaster plans in place and operate pursuant to infectious disease protocols, but the potential emergence of a pandemic, epidemic or outbreak is difficult to predict and could adversely affect our operations.
state efforts to regulate the construction or expansion of health care facilities could impair our ability to operate and expand our operations.
some states, particularly in the eastern part of the country, require health care providers to obtain prior approval, often known as a con, for the purchase, construction or expansion of health care facilities, to make certain capital expenditures or to make changes in services or bed capacity. in giving approval, these states consider the need for additional or expanded health care facilities or services. we currently operate health care facilities in a number of states with con laws or that require other types of approvals for the establishment or expansion of certain facility types or services. the failure to obtain any required con or other required approval
index to financial statements could impair our ability to operate or expand operations. any such failure could, in turn, adversely affect our ability to attract patients and physicians to our facilities and grow our revenues, which would have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
we may encounter difficulty acquiring hospitals and other health care businesses, encounter challenges integrating the operations of acquired hospitals and other health care businesses and become liable for unknown or contingent liabilities as a result of acquisitions.
a component of our business strategy is acquiring hospitals and other health care businesses. we may encounter difficulty acquiring new facilities or other businesses as a result of competition from other purchasers that may be willing to pay purchase prices that are higher than we believe are reasonable. some states require cons in order to acquire a hospital or other facility or to expand facilities or services. in addition, the acquisition of health care facilities often involves licensure approvals or reviews and complex change of ownership processes for medicare and other payers. further, many states have laws that restrict the conversion or sale of not-for-profit hospitals to for-profit entities. these laws may require prior approval from the state attorney general, advance notification of the attorney general or other regulators and community involvement. attorneys general in states without specific requirements may exercise broad discretionary authority over transactions involving the sale of not-for-profits under their general obligations to protect the use of charitable assets. these conversion legislative and administrative efforts often focus on the appropriate valuation of the assets divested and the use of the proceeds of the sale by the non-profit seller and may include consideration of commitments for capital improvements and charity care by the purchaser. also, the increasingly challenging regulatory and enforcement environment may negatively impact our ability to acquire health care businesses if they are found to have material unresolved compliance issues, such as repayment obligations. resolving compliance issues as well as completion of oversight, review or approval processes could seriously delay or even prevent our ability to acquire hospitals or other businesses and increase our acquisition costs.
we may be unable to timely and effectively integrate hospitals and other businesses that we acquire with our ongoing operations, or we may experience delays implementing operating procedures and systems. hospitals and other health care businesses that we acquire may have unknown or contingent liabilities, including liabilities for failure to comply with health care and other laws and regulations, medical and general professional liabilities, workers’ compensation liabilities and tax liabilities. although we typically exclude significant liabilities from our acquisition transactions and seek indemnification from the sellers for these matters, we could experience difficulty enforcing those obligations, experience liability in excess of any indemnification obtained or otherwise incur material liabilities for the pre-acquisition conduct of acquired businesses. such liabilities and related legal or other costs could harm our business and results of operations.
our facilities are heavily concentrated in florida and texas, which makes us sensitive to regulatory, economic, environmental and competitive conditions and changes in those states.
we operated 179 hospitals at december 31, 2018, and 92 of those hospitals are located in florida and texas. our florida and texas facilities’ combined revenues represented approximately 49% of our consolidated revenues for the year ended december 31, 2018. this concentration makes us particularly sensitive to regulatory, economic, environmental and competitive conditions and changes in those states. any material change in the current payment programs or regulatory, economic, environmental or competitive conditions in those states could have a disproportionate effect on our overall business results.
in addition, our hospitals in florida, texas and other coastal states are located in hurricane-prone areas. in the past, hurricanes have had a disruptive effect on the operations of our hospitals in florida, texas and other coastal states and the patient populations in those states. our business activities could be harmed by a particularly active hurricane season or even a single storm, and the property insurance we obtain may not be adequate to cover losses from future hurricanes or other natural disasters.
index to financial statements we may be subject to liabilities from claims by taxing authorities.
we are subject to examination by federal, state and foreign taxing authorities. management believes hca healthcare, inc., its predecessors, subsidiaries and affiliates properly reported taxable income and paid taxes in accordance with applicable laws and agreements established with the irs, state and foreign taxing authorities and final resolution of any disputes will not have a material, adverse effect on our results of operations or financial position. however, if payments due upon final resolution of any issues exceed our recorded estimates, such resolutions could have a material, adverse effect on our results of operations or financial position.
we may be subject to liabilities from claims brought against our facilities.
we are subject to litigation relating to our business practices, including claims and legal actions by patients and others in the ordinary course of business alleging malpractice, product liability or other legal theories. many of these actions seek large sums of money as damages and involve significant defense costs. we insure a portion of our professional liability risks through a 100% owned subsidiary. management believes our reserves for self-insured retentions and insurance coverage are sufficient to cover insured claims arising out of the operation of our facilities. our 100% owned liability insurance subsidiary has entered into certain reinsurance contracts; however, the subsidiary remains liable to the extent that the reinsurers do not meet their obligations under the reinsurance contracts. if payments for claims exceed actuarially determined estimates, are not covered by insurance, or reinsurers, if any, fail to meet their obligations, our results of operations and financial position could be adversely affected.
we are exposed to market risk related to changes in the market values of securities and interest rate changes.
we are exposed to market risk related to changes in market values of securities. the investments of our 100% owned insurance subsidiaries were $409 million at december 31, 2018. these investments are carried at fair value, with changes in unrealized gains and losses being recorded as adjustments to other comprehensive income. at december 31, 2018, we had a net unrealized gain of $3 million on the insurance subsidiaries’ investment securities.
we are exposed to market risk related to market illiquidity. investment securities of our 100% owned insurance subsidiaries could be impaired by the inability to access the capital markets. should the 100% owned insurance subsidiaries require significant amounts of cash in excess of normal cash requirements to pay claims and other expenses on short notice, we may have difficulty selling these investments in a timely manner or be forced to sell them at a price less than what we might otherwise have been able to in a normal market environment. we may be required to recognize other-than-temporary impairments on long-term investments in future periods should issuers default on interest payments or should the fair market valuations of the securities deteriorate due to ratings downgrades or other issue specific factors.
we are also exposed to market risk related to changes in interest rates that impact the amount of the interest expense we incur with respect to our floating rate obligations as well as the value of certain investments. we periodically enter into interest rate swap agreements to manage our exposure to these fluctuations. our interest rate swap agreements involve the exchange of fixed and variable rate interest payments between two parties, based on common notional principal amounts and maturity dates. the notional amounts of the swap agreements represent balances used to calculate the exchange of cash flows and are not our assets or liabilities.
the u.k. financial conduct authority announced in 2017 that it intends to phase out libor by the end of 2021. changes to libor or any other benchmark rate may impact credit markets. as of december 31, 2018, we had $6.841 billion of borrowings under our senior secured credit facilities that bore interest at rates based on libor and $2.693 billion of unfunded commitments under those facilities. the administrative agent for those facilities may approve a comparable or successor rate with respect to libor or, if not feasible, another
index to financial statements accommodation as reasonably determined by the agent. the replacement of libor with a comparable or successor rate could cause the amount of interest payable on our senior secured credit facilities to be different than expected.
as of december 31, 2018, we also had $2.500 billion of interest rate swap agreements based on libor. if libor becomes unavailable, it is unclear how payments under those agreements would be calculated. relevant industry groups are seeking to create a standard protocol addressing the expected discontinuation of libor, but there can be no assurance that such a protocol will be developed or implemented with respect to our swap agreements.
in january 2018, the board of directors initiated a cash dividend program under which the company commenced and expects to continue to pay a regular quarterly cash dividend. the declaration, amount and timing of such dividends are subject to capital availability and determinations by our board of directors that cash dividends are in the best interest of our stockholders and are in compliance with all respective laws and our agreements applicable to the declaration and payment of cash dividends. our ability to pay dividends will depend upon, among other factors, our cash flows from operations, our available capital and potential future capital requirements for strategic transactions, including acquisitions, debt service requirements, share repurchases and investing in our existing markets as well as our results of operations, financial condition and other factors beyond our control that our board of directors may deem relevant. a reduction in or elimination of our dividend payments could have a negative effect on our stock price.
the 2017 tax cuts and jobs act (the “tax act”) was enacted on december 22, 2017. the tax act significantly revises u.s. corporate income taxes, including lowering the statutory corporate tax rate from 35% to 21% beginning in 2018, imposing a mandatory one-time transition tax on undistributed foreign earnings and creating a new u.s. minimum tax on earnings of foreign subsidiaries. due to the complexity and uncertainty regarding numerous provisions of the tax act, we continue to monitor legislative developments and interpretive guidance issued by federal and state taxing authorities or other standard-setting bodies to determine if adjustments to amounts we have recorded for federal, state, and foreign tax assets and liabilities as of december 31, 2018 are appropriate. any adjustments or additional amounts recorded may materially impact our provision for income taxes and effective tax rate in the periods in which they are made.
on november 17, 2006, hca inc. was acquired by a private investor group, including affiliates of hca founder, dr. thomas f. frist, jr. and certain other investors. through their investment in hercules holding ii and other holdings, certain of the frist-affiliated investors continue to hold a significant interest in our outstanding common stock (approximately 20% as of january 31, 2019). in addition, pursuant to a shareholders agreement we entered into with hercules holding ii and the frist-affiliated investors, certain representatives of these investors have the continued right to nominate certain of the members of our board of directors. as a result, certain of these investors potentially have the ability to influence our decisions to enter into corporate transactions (and the terms thereof) and prevent changes in the composition of our board of directors and any transaction that requires stockholder approval.
item 7.   management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
the selected financial data and the accompanying consolidated financial statements present certain information with respect to the financial position, results of operations and cash flows of hca healthcare, inc. which should be read in conjunction with the following discussion and analysis. the terms “hca,” “company,” “we,” “our,” or “us,” as used herein, refer to hca healthcare, inc. and its affiliates. the term “affiliates” means direct and indirect subsidiaries of hca healthcare, inc. and partnerships and joint ventures in which such subsidiaries are partners.
forward-looking statements this annual report on form 10-k includes certain disclosures which contain “forward-looking statements.” forward-looking statements include statements regarding expected share-based compensation expense, expected capital expenditures, expected dividends, expected net claim payments and all other statements that do not relate solely to historical or current facts, and can be identified by the use of words like “may,” “believe,” “will,” “expect,” “project,” “estimate,” “anticipate,” “plan,” “initiative” or “continue.” these forward-looking statements are based on our current plans and expectations and are subject to a number of known and unknown uncertainties and risks, many of which are beyond our control, which could significantly affect current plans and expectations and our future financial position and results of operations. these factors include, but are not limited to (1) the impact of our substantial indebtedness and the ability to refinance such indebtedness on acceptable terms, (2) the impact of the patient protection and affordable care act, as amended by the health care and education reconciliation act of 2010 (collectively, the “health reform law”), including the effects of court challenges to, any repeal of, or changes to, the health reform law or changes to its implementation, the possible enactment of additional federal or state health care reforms and possible changes to other federal, state or local laws or regulations affecting the health care industry, (3) the effects related to the continued implementation of the sequestration spending reductions required under the budget control act of 2011, and related legislation extending these reductions, and the potential for future deficit reduction legislation that may alter these spending reductions, which include cuts to medicare payments, or create additional spending reductions, (4) increases in the amount and risk of collectability of uninsured accounts and deductibles and copayment amounts for insured accounts, (5) the ability to achieve operating and financial targets, and attain expected levels of patient volumes and control the costs of providing services, (6) possible changes in medicare, medicaid and other state programs, including medicaid supplemental payment programs or medicaid waiver programs, that may impact reimbursements to health care providers and insurers and the size of the uninsured or underinsured population, (7) the highly competitive nature of the health care business, (8) changes in service mix, revenue mix and surgical volumes, including potential declines in the population covered under third-party payer agreements, the ability to enter into and renew third-party payer provider agreements on acceptable terms and the impact of consumer-driven health plans and physician utilization trends and practices, (9) the efforts of health insurers, health care providers, large employer groups and others to contain health care costs, (10) the outcome of our continuing efforts to monitor, maintain and comply with appropriate laws, regulations, policies and procedures, (11) increases in wages and the ability to attract and retain qualified management and personnel, including affiliated physicians, nurses and medical and technical support personnel, (12) the availability and terms of capital to fund the expansion of our business and improvements to our existing facilities, (13) changes in accounting practices, (14) changes in general economic conditions nationally and regionally in our markets, (15) the emergence and effects related to infectious diseases, (16) future divestitures which may result in charges and possible impairments of long-lived assets, (17) changes in business strategy or development plans, (18) delays in receiving payments for services provided, (19) the outcome of pending and any future tax audits, disputes and litigation associated with our tax positions, (20) potential adverse impact of known and unknown government investigations, litigation and other claims that may be made against us, (21) the impact of potential
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations  (continued)
cybersecurity incidents or security breaches, (22) our ongoing ability to demonstrate meaningful use of certified electronic health record (“ehr”) technology, (23) the impact of natural disasters, such as hurricanes and floods, or similar events beyond our control, (24) the effects of the 2017 tax cuts and jobs act (the “tax act”), including potential legislation or interpretive guidance that may be issued by federal and state taxing authorities or other standard-setting bodies, and (25) other risk factors described in this annual report on form 10-k. as a consequence, current plans, anticipated actions and future financial position and results of operations may differ from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of hca. you are cautioned not to unduly rely on such forward-looking statements when evaluating the information presented in this report.
2018 operations summary net income attributable to hca healthcare, inc. totaled $3.787 billion, or $10.66 per diluted share, for 2018, compared to $2.216 billion, or $5.95 per diluted share, for 2017. the 2018 results include net gains on sales of facilities of $428 million, or $0.91 per diluted share, and losses on retirement of debt of $9 million, or $0.02 per diluted share. the 2017 results include net gains on sales of facilities of $8 million, or $0.01 per diluted share, and losses on retirement of debt of $39 million, or $0.06 per diluted share. the 2018 results include a reduction in our provision for income taxes of $551 million, or $1.55 per diluted share, on net income attributable to hca healthcare, inc., excluding gains on sales of facilities and losses on retirement of debt, related to the impact of the tax act, $484 million due to a reduction in the effective tax rate and $67 million for the remeasurement of certain of our deferred tax assets and liabilities for which we were unable to record reasonable estimates in 2017. the 2017 results include an increase in the provision for income taxes of $301 million, or $0.81 per diluted share, related to the remeasurement of our deferred tax assets and liabilities due to the enactment of the tax act. during 2018, we recorded a reduction to the provision for professional liability risks of $70 million, or $0.15 per diluted share. during 2018, we recorded additional expenses and losses of revenues estimated at approximately $31 million, or $0.07 per diluted share, associated with the impact of hurricane michael on our florida facilities. during 2017, we recorded additional expenses and losses of revenues estimated at approximately $140 million, or $0.24 per diluted share, associated with the impact of hurricanes harvey and irma on our texas, florida, georgia and south carolina facilities. both of these amounts are prior to any insurance recoveries. during 2018, we recorded a benefit of $49 million, or $0.11 per diluted share, from an insurance recovery related to hurricane harvey business interruption losses incurred during 2017, and we recorded a reduction to the provision for income taxes of $28 million, or $0.08 per diluted share, for tax credits related to certain 2017 hurricane-related expenses. our provisions for income taxes for 2018 and 2017 included tax benefits of $124 million, or $0.35 per diluted share, and $82 million, or $0.22 per diluted share, respectively, related to employee equity award settlements. all “per diluted share” disclosures are based upon amounts net of the applicable income taxes. shares used for diluted earnings per share were 355.303 million shares and 372.221 million shares for the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. during 2018 and 2017, we repurchased 14.070 million and 25.092 million shares, respectively, of our common stock.
revenues increased to $46.677 billion for 2018 from $43.614 billion for 2017. revenues increased 7.0% and 6.5%, respectively, on a consolidated basis and on a same facility basis for 2018, compared to 2017. the consolidated revenues increase can be primarily attributed to the combined impact of a 2.8% increase in revenue per equivalent admission and a 4.1% increase in equivalent admissions. the same facility revenues increase resulted primarily from a 3.9% increase in same facility revenue per equivalent admission and a 2.5% increase in same facility equivalent admissions.
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations  (continued)
during 2018, consolidated admissions increased 3.5% and same facility admissions increased 2.5%, compared to 2017. inpatient surgical volumes increased 1.5% on a consolidated basis and increased 0.8% on a same facility basis during 2018, compared to 2017. outpatient surgical volumes increased 3.2% on a consolidated basis and increased 1.8% on a same facility basis during 2018, compared to 2017. emergency room visits increased 1.6% on a consolidated basis and increased 0.1% on a same facility basis during 2018, compared to 2017.
total uncompensated care increased $3.337 billion for 2018, compared to 2017. total uncompensated care as a percentage of the sum of revenues and total uncompensated care was 36.4% for 2018, compared to 34.9% for 2017. same facility uninsured admissions increased 8.5% and same facility uninsured emergency room visits increased 3.8% for 2018, compared to 2017. same facility uninsured admissions increased 5.9% and same facility uninsured emergency room visits increased 2.4% for 2017, compared to 2016.
cash flows from operating activities increased $1.335 billion, from $5.426 billion for 2017 to $6.761 billion for 2018. the increase in cash flows from operating activities was primarily related to the increase in net income, excluding gains on sales of facilities, of $1.226 billion.
business strategy we are committed to providing the communities we serve with high quality, cost-effective health care while growing our business and creating long-term value for our stockholders. to achieve these objectives, we align our efforts around the following growth agenda:
grow our presence in existing markets. we believe we are well positioned in a number of large and growing markets that will allow us the opportunity to generate long-term, attractive growth through the expansion of our presence in these markets. we plan to continue recruiting and strategically collaborating with the physician community and developing comprehensive service lines such as cardiology, neurology, oncology, orthopedics and women’s services. additional components of our growth strategy include providing access and convenience through developing various outpatient facilities, including, but not limited to surgery centers, urgent care clinics, freestanding emergency care facilities and imaging centers.
achieve industry-leading performance in clinical and satisfaction measures. achieving high levels of patient safety, patient satisfaction and clinical quality are central goals of our business model. to achieve these goals, we have implemented a number of initiatives including infection reduction initiatives, hospitalist programs, advanced health information technology and evidence-based medicine programs. we routinely analyze operational practices from our best-performing hospitals to identify ways to implement organization-wide performance improvements and reduce clinical variation. we believe these initiatives will continue to improve patient care, help us achieve cost efficiencies and favorably position us in an environment where our constituents are increasingly focused on quality, efficacy and efficiency.
recruit and employ physicians to meet the needs for high quality health services. we depend on the quality and dedication of the health care providers and other team members who serve at our facilities. we believe a critical component of our growth strategy is our ability to successfully recruit and strategically collaborate with physicians and other professionals to provide high quality care. we attract and retain physicians
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations  (continued)
by providing high quality, convenient facilities with advanced technology, by expanding our specialty services and by building our outpatient operations. we believe our continued investment in the employment, recruitment and retention of physicians will improve the quality of care at our facilities.
continue to leverage our scale and market positions to grow the company. we believe there is significant opportunity to continue to grow our company by fully leveraging the scale and scope of our organization. we continue to invest in initiatives such as care navigators, clinical data exchange and centralized patient transfer operations, which will enable us to improve coordination of care and patient retention across our markets. we believe our centrally managed business processes and ability to leverage cost-saving practices across our extensive network will enable us to continue to manage costs effectively. we continue to invest in our parallon subsidiary group to leverage key components of our support infrastructure, including revenue cycle management, health care group purchasing, supply chain management and staffing functions.
pursue a disciplined development strategy. we continue to believe there are significant growth opportunities in our markets. we will continue to provide financial and operational resources to analyze and develop our in-market opportunities. to complement our in-market growth agenda, we intend to focus on selectively developing and acquiring new hospitals, outpatient facilities and other health care service providers. we believe the challenges faced by the hospital industry may continue to spur consolidation and we believe our size, scale, national presence and access to capital will position us well to participate in any such consolidation.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent liabilities and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses. our estimates are based on historical experience and various other assumptions we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. we evaluate our estimates on an ongoing basis and make changes to the estimates and related disclosures as experience develops or new information becomes known. actual results may differ from these estimates.
we believe the following critical accounting policies affect our more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements.
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations  (continued)
critical accounting policies and estimates  (continued)
invested significant resources to refine and improve our billing systems and the information system data used to make contractual allowance estimates. we have developed standardized calculation processes and related employee training programs to improve the utility of our patient accounting systems.
the emergency medical treatment and labor act (“emtala”) requires any hospital participating in the medicare program to conduct an appropriate medical screening examination of every person who presents to the hospital’s emergency room for treatment and, if the individual is suffering from an emergency medical condition, to either stabilize the condition or make an appropriate transfer of the individual to a facility able to handle the condition. the obligation to screen and stabilize emergency medical conditions exists regardless of an individual’s ability to pay for treatment. federal and state laws and regulations, including but not limited to emtala, require, and our commitment to providing quality patient care encourages, the provision of services to patients who are financially unable to pay for the health care services they receive.
prior to november 2017, patients treated at hospitals for non-elective care, who have income at or below 200% of the federal poverty level, were eligible for charity care. during november 2017, we expanded our charity policy to include patients who have income above 200%, but at or below 400%, of the federal poverty level and we limit the patient responsibility amounts for these patients to a percentage of their annual household income, computed on a sliding scale based upon their annual income and the applicable percentage of the federal poverty level. the federal poverty level is established by the federal government and is based on income and family size. because we do not pursue collection of amounts determined to qualify as charity care, they are not reported in revenues. we provide discounts to uninsured patients who do not qualify for medicaid or charity care. in implementing the uninsured discount policy, we may first attempt to provide assistance to uninsured patients to help determine whether they may qualify for medicaid, other federal or state assistance, or charity care. if an uninsured patient does not qualify for these programs, the uninsured discount is applied.
due to the complexities involved in the classification and documentation of health care services authorized and provided, the estimation of revenues earned and the related reimbursement are often subject to interpretations that could result in payments that are different from our estimates. adjustments to estimated medicare and medicaid reimbursement amounts and disproportionate-share funds, which resulted in net increases to revenues, related primarily to cost reports filed during the respective year were $29 million, $41 million and $31 million in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. the adjustments to estimated reimbursement amounts, which resulted in net increases to revenues, related primarily to cost reports filed during previous years were $51 million, $56 million and $90 million in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. we expect adjustments during the next 12 months related to medicare and medicaid cost report filings and settlements will result in increases to revenues generally similar to the amounts recorded during these years.
the collection of outstanding receivables for medicare, medicaid, managed care payers, other third-party payers and patients is our primary source of cash and is critical to our operating performance. the primary collection risks relate to uninsured patient accounts, including patient accounts for which the primary insurance carrier has paid the amounts covered by the applicable agreement, but patient responsibility amounts (deductibles and copayments) remain outstanding. implicit price concessions relate primarily to amounts due directly from patients. estimated implicit price concessions are recorded for all uninsured accounts, regardless of the aging of those accounts. accounts are written off when all reasonable internal and external collection efforts have been performed.
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations  (continued)
critical accounting policies and estimates  (continued)
the estimates for implicit price concessions are based upon management’s assessment of historical writeoffs and expected net collections, business and economic conditions, trends in federal, state and private employer health care coverage and other collection indicators. management relies on the results of detailed reviews of historical writeoffs and collections at facilities that represent a majority of our revenues and accounts receivable (the “hindsight analysis”) as a primary source of information in estimating the collectability of our accounts receivable. we perform the hindsight analysis quarterly, utilizing rolling twelve-months accounts receivable collection and writeoff data. we believe our quarterly updates to the estimated implicit price concession amounts at each of our hospital facilities provide reasonable estimates of our revenues and valuations of our accounts receivable. these routine, quarterly changes in estimates have not resulted in material adjustments to the valuations of our accounts receivable or period-to-period comparisons of our results of operations. at december 31, 2018 and december 31, 2017, estimated implicit price concessions of $6.280 billion and $5.488 billion, respectively, had been recorded as reductions to our accounts receivable balances to enable us to record our revenues and accounts receivable at the estimated amounts we expect to collect.
to quantify the total impact of and trends related to uninsured accounts, we believe it is beneficial to view total uncompensated care, which is comprised of charity care, uninsured discounts and implicit price concessions. a summary of the estimated cost of total uncompensated care for the years ended december 31, follows (dollars in millions):
patient care costs (salaries and benefits, supplies, other operating expenses and depreciation and         $40,035             $37,557             $35,304
total uncompensated care as a percentage of the sum of revenues and total uncompensated care was 36.4% for 2018, 34.9% for 2017 and 33.0% for 2016. days revenues in accounts receivable were 51 days, 52 days and 50 days at december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. management expects a continuation of the challenges related to the collection of the patient due accounts. adverse changes in the percentage of our patients having adequate health care coverage, increases in patient responsibility amounts under certain health care coverages, general economic conditions, patient accounting service center operations, payer mix, or trends in federal, state, and private employer health care coverage could affect the collection of accounts receivable, cash flows and results of operations.
professional liability claims we, along with virtually all health care providers, operate in an environment with professional liability risks. our facilities are insured by our 100% owned insurance subsidiary for losses up to $50 million per occurrence, subject, in most cases, to a $15 million per occurrence self-insured retention. the insurance subsidiary has obtained reinsurance for professional liability risks generally above a retention level of
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations  (continued)
critical accounting policies and estimates  (continued)
professional liability claims  (continued)
$25 million per occurrence. we purchase excess insurance on a claims-made basis for losses in excess of $50 million per occurrence. provisions for losses related to professional liability risks were $447 million, $466 million and $430 million for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. during 2018, we recorded a reduction to the provision for professional liability risks of $70 million due to the receipt of updated actuarial information.
reserves for professional liability risks represent the estimated ultimate cost of all reported and unreported losses incurred through the respective consolidated balance sheet dates. the estimated ultimate cost includes estimates of direct expenses and fees paid to outside counsel and experts, but does not include the general overhead costs of our insurance subsidiary or corporate office. individual case reserves are established based upon the particular circumstances of each reported claim and represent our estimates of the future costs that will be paid on reported claims. case reserves are reduced as claim payments are made and are adjusted upward or downward as our estimates regarding the amounts of future losses are revised. once the case reserves for known claims are determined, information is stratified by loss layers and retentions, accident years, reported years, and geographic location of our hospitals. several actuarial methods are employed to utilize this data to produce estimates of ultimate losses and reserves for incurred but not reported claims, including: paid and incurred extrapolation methods utilizing paid and incurred loss development to estimate ultimate losses; frequency and severity methods utilizing paid and incurred claims development to estimate ultimate average frequency (number of claims) and ultimate average severity (cost per claim); and bornhuetter-ferguson methods which add expected development to actual paid or incurred experience to estimate ultimate losses. these methods use our company-specific historical claims data and other information. company-specific claim reporting and payment data collected over an approximate 20-year period is used in our reserve estimation process. this company-specific data includes information regarding our business, including historical paid losses and loss adjustment expenses, historical and current case loss reserves, actual and projected hospital statistical data, professional liability retentions for each policy year, geographic information and other data.
reserves and provisions for professional liability risks are based upon actuarially determined estimates. the estimated reserve ranges, net of amounts receivable under reinsurance contracts, were $1.514 billion to $1.814 billion at december 31, 2018 and $1.456 billion to $1.743 billion at december 31, 2017. our estimated reserves for professional liability claims may change significantly if future claims differ from expected trends. we perform sensitivity analyses which model the volatility of key actuarial assumptions and monitor our reserves for adequacy relative to all our assumptions in the aggregate. based on our analysis, we believe the estimated professional liability reserve ranges represent the reasonably likely outcomes for ultimate losses. we consider the number and severity of claims to be the most significant assumptions in estimating reserves for professional liabilities. a 2.5% change in the expected frequency trend could be reasonably likely and would increase the reserve estimate by $31 million or reduce the reserve estimate by $29 million. a 2.5% change in the expected claim severity trend could be reasonably likely and would increase the reserve estimate by $110 million or reduce the reserve estimate by $101 million. we believe adequate reserves have been recorded for our professional liability claims; however, due to the complexity of the claims, the extended period of time to resolve the claims and the wide range of potential outcomes, our ultimate liability for professional liability claims could change by more than the estimated sensitivity amounts and could change materially from our current estimates.
the reserves for professional liability risks cover approximately 2,200 and 2,500 individual claims at december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively, and estimates for unreported potential claims. the time period required to resolve these claims can vary depending upon the jurisdiction and whether the claim is settled or litigated. the average time period between the occurrence and final resolution for our professional liability
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations  (continued)
critical accounting policies and estimates  (continued)
professional liability claims  (continued)
reserves for professional liability risks were $1.741 billion and $1.627 billion at december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. the current portion of these reserves, $466 million and $429 million at december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively, is included in “other accrued expenses.” obligations covered by reinsurance and excess insurance contracts are included in the reserves for professional liability risks, as we remain liable to the extent reinsurers and excess insurance carriers do not meet their obligations. reserves for professional liability risks (net of $50 million and $24 million receivable under reinsurance and excess insurance contracts at december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively) were $1.692 billion and $1.603 billion at december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. the estimated total net reserves for professional liability risks at december 31, 2018 and 2017 are comprised of $703 million and $751 million, respectively, of case reserves for known claims and $989 million and $852 million, respectively, of reserves for incurred but not reported claims.
changes in our professional liability reserves, net of reinsurance recoverable, for the years ended december 31, are summarized in the following table (dollars in millions):
net reserves for professional liability claims, january 1                   $1,603              $1,494              $1,421
net reserves for professional liability claims, december 31                 $1,692              $1,603              $1,494
income taxes we calculate our provision for income taxes using the asset and liability method, under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized by identifying the temporary differences that arise from the recognition of items in different periods for tax and accounting purposes. deferred tax assets generally represent the tax effects of amounts expensed in our income statement for which tax deductions will be claimed in future periods. interest and penalties payable to taxing authorities are included as a component of our provision for income taxes. we have elected to treat taxes incurred on global intangible low-taxed income as a period expense.
although we believe we have properly reported taxable income and paid taxes in accordance with applicable laws, federal, state or foreign taxing authorities may challenge our tax positions upon audit. significant judgment is required in determining and assessing the impact of uncertain tax positions. we report a liability for unrecognized tax benefits from uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken in our income tax returns. during each reporting period, we assess the facts and circumstances related to uncertain tax positions. if the realization of unrecognized tax benefits is deemed probable based upon new facts and circumstances, the estimated liability and the provision for income taxes are reduced in the current period. final audit results may vary from our estimates.
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations  (continued)
results of operations revenue/volume trends our revenues depend upon inpatient occupancy levels, the ancillary services and therapy programs ordered by physicians and provided to patients, the volume of outpatient procedures and the charge and negotiated payment rates for such services. gross charges typically do not reflect what our facilities are actually paid. our facilities have entered into agreements with third-party payers, including government programs and managed care health plans, under which the facilities are paid based upon the cost of providing services, predetermined rates per diagnosis, fixed per diem rates or discounts from gross charges. we do not pursue collection of amounts related to patients who meet our guidelines to qualify for charity care; therefore, they are not reported in revenues. we provide discounts to uninsured patients who do not qualify for medicaid or charity care.
same facility revenues increased 6.5% for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the year ended december 31, 2017 and increased 3.8% for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the year ended december 31, 2016. the 6.5% increase for 2018 can be primarily attributed to the combined impact of a 3.9% increase in same facility revenue per equivalent admission and a 2.5% increase in same facility equivalent admissions. the 3.8% increase for 2017 can be primarily attributed to the combined impact of a 2.2% increase in same facility revenue per equivalent admission and a 1.5% increase in same facility equivalent admissions.
consolidated admissions increased 3.5% during 2018 compared to 2017 and increased 2.4% during 2017 compared to 2016. consolidated surgeries increased 2.6% during 2018 compared to 2017 and increased 0.8% during 2017 compared to 2016. consolidated emergency room visits increased 1.6% during 2018 compared to 2017 and increased 2.9% during 2017 compared to 2016.
same facility admissions increased 2.5% during 2018 compared to 2017 and increased 1.1% during 2017 compared to 2016. same facility surgeries increased 1.4% during 2018 compared to 2017 and declined 0.7% during 2017 compared to 2016. same facility emergency room visits increased 0.1% during 2018 compared to 2017 and increased 1.4% during 2017 compared to 2016.
same facility uninsured emergency room visits increased 3.8% and same facility uninsured admissions increased 8.5% during 2018 compared to 2017. same facility uninsured emergency room visits increased 2.4% and same facility uninsured admissions increased 5.9% during 2017 compared to 2016.
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations  (continued)
at december 31, 2018, we owned and operated 45 hospitals and 32 surgery centers in the state of florida. our florida facilities’ revenues totaled $10.892 billion, $10.168 billion and $9.522 billion for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. at december 31, 2018, we owned and operated 47 hospitals and 29 surgery centers in the state of texas. our texas facilities’ revenues totaled $12.023 billion, $10.634 billion and $9.898 billion for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. during 2018, 2017 and 2016, 57%, 56% and 56% of our admissions and 49%, 48% and 47%, respectively, of our revenues were generated by our florida and texas facilities. uninsured admissions in florida and texas represented 70%, 70% and 69% of our uninsured admissions during 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
we receive a significant portion of our revenues from government health programs, principally medicare and medicaid, which are highly regulated and subject to frequent and substantial changes. in december 2017, the centers for medicare & medicaid services (“cms”) announced that it will phase out federal matching funds for designated state health programs under waivers granted under section 1115 of the social security act. texas currently operates its healthcare transformation and quality improvement program pursuant to a medicaid waiver. in december 2017, cms approved an extension of this waiver through september 30, 2022, but indicated that it will phase out some of the federal funding. our texas medicaid revenues included medicaid supplemental waiver payments of $450 million, $351 million and $370 million during 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations  (continued)
in addition, we receive supplemental payments in several other states. we are aware these supplemental payment programs are currently being reviewed by certain state agencies and some states have made waiver requests to cms to replace their existing supplemental payment programs. it is possible these reviews and waiver requests will result in the restructuring of such supplemental payment programs and could result in the payment programs being reduced or eliminated. because deliberations about these programs are ongoing, we are unable to estimate the financial impact the program structure modifications, if any, may have on our results of operations.
salaries and benefits                                          21,425               45.9                20,059               46.0                18,897               45.5
equity in earnings of affiliates                                  (29   )           (0.1   )               (45   )           (0.1   )               (54   )           (0.1   )
gain on sales of facilities                                      (428   )           (0.9   )                (8   )              —                   (23   )           (0.1   )
legal claim benefits                                                —                  —                     —                  —                  (246   )           (0.6   )
same facility % changes from prior year(c):
(a)   represents the total number of patients admitted to our hospitals and is used by management and certain investors as a general measure of inpatient volume.
(c)   same facility information excludes the operations of hospitals and their related facilities that were either acquired, divested or removed from service during the current and prior year.
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations  (continued)
net income attributable to hca healthcare, inc. totaled $3.787 billion, or $10.66 per diluted share, for 2018, compared to $2.216 billion, or $5.95 per diluted share, for 2017. the 2018 results include net gains on sales of facilities of $428 million, or $0.91 per diluted share, and losses on retirement of debt of $9 million, or $0.02 per diluted share. the 2017 results include net gains on sales of facilities of $8 million, or $0.01 per diluted share, and losses on retirement of debt of $39 million, or $0.06 per diluted share. the 2018 results include a reduction in provision for income taxes of $551 million, or $1.55 per diluted share, on net income attributable to hca healthcare, inc., excluding gains on sales of facilities and losses on retirement of debt, related to the impact of tax rate changes and the remeasurement of certain of our deferred tax assets and liabilities for which we were unable to record reasonable estimates in 2017 related to the tax act. the 2017 results include an increase in provision for income taxes of $301 million, or $0.81 per diluted share, related to the remeasurement of our deferred tax assets and liabilities due to the enactment of the tax act. during 2018, we recorded a reduction to the provision for professional liability risks of $70 million, or $0.15 per diluted share. during 2018, we recorded additional expenses and losses of revenues estimated at approximately $31 million, or $0.07 per diluted share, associated with the impact of hurricane michael on our florida facilities. during 2017, we recorded additional expenses and losses of revenues estimated at approximately $140 million, or $0.24 per diluted share, associated with the impact of hurricanes harvey and irma on our texas, florida, georgia and south carolina facilities. both of these amounts are prior to any insurance recoveries. during 2018, we recorded a benefit of $49 million, or $0.11 per diluted share, from an insurance recovery related to hurricane harvey business interruption losses incurred during 2017, and we recorded a reduction to the provision for income taxes of $28 million, or $0.08 per diluted share, for tax credits related to certain 2017 hurricane-related expenses. our provisions for income taxes for 2018 and 2017 included tax benefits of $124 million, or $0.35 per diluted share, and $82 million, or $0.22 per diluted share, respectively, related to employee equity award settlements. all “per diluted share” disclosures are based upon amounts net of the applicable income taxes. shares used for diluted earnings per share were 355.303 million shares and 372.221 million shares for the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. during 2018 and 2017, we repurchased 14.070 million and 25.092 million shares, respectively, of our common stock.
during 2018, consolidated admissions increased 3.5% and same facility admissions increased 2.5% compared to 2017. consolidated inpatient surgeries increased 1.5% and same facility inpatient surgeries increased 0.8% during 2018 compared to 2017. consolidated outpatient surgeries increased 3.2%, and same facility outpatient surgeries increased 1.8% during 2018 compared to 2017. emergency room visits increased 1.6% on a consolidated basis and increased 0.1% on a same facility basis during 2018 compared to 2017.
revenues increased 7.0% to $46.677 billion for 2018 from $43.614 billion for 2017. the increase in revenues was primarily due to the combined impact of a 2.8% increase in revenue per equivalent admission and a 4.1% increase in equivalent admissions compared to 2017. same facility revenues increased 6.5% due primarily to the combined impact of a 3.9% increase in same facility revenue per equivalent admission and a 2.5% increase in same facility equivalent admissions compared to 2017.
salaries and benefits, as a percentage of revenues, were 45.9% in 2018 and 46.0% in 2017. salaries and benefits per equivalent admission increased 2.6% in 2018 compared to 2017. same facility labor rate increases averaged 3.4% for 2018 compared to 2017. share-based compensation expense was $268 million in 2018 and $270 million in 2017.
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations  (continued)
medical devices and 1.2% for general medical and surgical items, and declined 1.5% for pharmacy supplies in 2018 compared to 2017.
other operating expenses, as a percentage of revenues, was 18.5% in 2018 and 18.4% in 2017. other operating expenses are primarily comprised of contract services, professional fees, repairs and maintenance, rents and leases, utilities, insurance (including professional liability insurance) and nonincome taxes. provisions for losses related to professional liability risks were $447 million and $466 million for 2018 and 2017, respectively.
equity in earnings of affiliates was $29 million for 2018 and $45 million for 2017.
net gains on sales of facilities were $428 million and $8 million, respectively, for 2018 and 2017. the net gains on sales of facilities for 2018 related primarily to the sale of the two hospital facilities in our oklahoma market. the net gains on sales of facilities for 2017 related to sales of real estate and other investments.
during 2018, we issued $2.000 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes comprised of $1.000 billion aggregate principal amount of 5.375% notes due 2026 and $1.000 billion aggregate principal amount of 5.625% notes due 2028. we used the net proceeds for general corporate purposes, including funding the purchase of a hospital, and the redemption of all $1.500 billion aggregate principal amount of our existing 3.750% senior secured notes maturing in march 2019. the pretax loss on retirement of debt was $9 million. during 2017, we issued $1.500 billion aggregate principal amount of 5.500% senior secured notes due 2047. we used the net proceeds for general corporate purposes, including funding the purchase of certain hospital acquisitions, and the redemption of all $500 million aggregate principal amount of our existing 8.000% senior notes maturing in october 2018. the pretax loss on retirement of debt was $39 million.
the effective tax rates were 20.0% and 42.5% for 2018 and 2017, respectively. the effective tax rate computations exclude net income attributable to noncontrolling interests as it relates to consolidated partnerships. our provision for income taxes for 2018 included $28 million of reductions for tax credits related to certain 2017 hurricane-related expenses. our provision for income taxes for 2017 included $14 million related to reductions in interest expense (net of tax). our provisions for income taxes for 2018 and 2017 included benefits of $67 million and increases of $301 million, respectively, related to the remeasurement of our deferred tax assets and liabilities due to the enactment of the tax act. our provisions for income taxes for 2018 and 2017 also included tax benefits of $124 million and $82 million, respectively, related to employee equity award settlements. excluding the effect of these adjustments, the effective tax rates for 2018 and 2017 would have been 24.6% and 37.2%, respectively.
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations  (continued)
net income attributable to hca healthcare, inc. totaled $2.216 billion, or $5.95 per diluted share, for 2017, compared to $2.890 billion, or $7.30 per diluted share, for 2016. financial results for 2017 include additional expenses and losses of revenues estimated at approximately $140 million, or $0.24 per diluted share, associated with the impact of hurricanes harvey and irma on our texas, florida, georgia and south carolina facilities and an increase in provision for income taxes of $301 million, or $0.81 per diluted share, related to the revaluation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities due to the enactment of the tax act. the amount associated with the hurricanes is prior to any insurance recoveries. financial results for 2017 also include tax benefits of $82 million, or $0.22 per diluted share, related to employee equity award settlements, net gains on sales of facilities of $8 million, or $0.01 per diluted share, and losses on retirement of debt of $39 million, or $0.06 per diluted share. financial results for 2016 include tax benefits of $51 million, or $0.13 per diluted share, related to the resolution of federal income tax issues for our 2011 and 2012 tax years and $162 million, or $0.41 per diluted share, related to employee equity award settlements. financial results for 2016 also include net gains on sales of facilities of $23 million, or $0.05 per diluted share, losses on retirement of debt of $4 million, or $0.01 per diluted share, and legal claim benefits of $246 million, or $0.39 per diluted share, related to the settlement of the health midwest litigation. all “per diluted share” disclosures are based upon amounts net of the applicable income taxes. shares used for diluted earnings per share were 372.221 million shares and 395.851 million shares for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. during 2017 and 2016, we repurchased 25.092 million and 36.325 million shares, respectively, of our common stock.
during 2017, consolidated admissions increased 2.4% and same facility admissions increased 1.1% compared to 2016. consolidated inpatient surgeries increased 1.7% and same facility inpatient surgeries increased 0.3% during 2017 compared to 2016. consolidated outpatient surgeries increased 0.3%, and same facility outpatient surgeries declined 1.3% during 2017 compared to 2016. emergency room visits increased 2.9% on a consolidated basis and increased 1.4% on a same facility basis during 2017 compared to 2016.
revenues increased 5.1% to $43.614 billion for 2017 from $41.490 billion for 2016. the increase in revenues was due to the combined impact of a 2.1% increase in revenue per equivalent admission and a 3.0% increase in equivalent admissions compared to 2016. same facility revenues increased 3.8% due primarily to the combined impact of a 2.2% increase in same facility revenue per equivalent admission and a 1.5% increase in same facility equivalent admissions compared to 2016.
salaries and benefits, as a percentage of revenues, were 46.0% in 2017 and 45.5% in 2016. salaries and benefits per equivalent admission increased 3.1% in 2017 compared to 2016. same facility labor rate increases averaged 3.0% for 2017 compared to 2016. share-based compensation expense increased from $251 million in 2016 to $270 million in 2017.
supplies, as a percentage of revenues, were 16.8% in 2017 and 16.7% in 2016. supply costs per equivalent admission increased 2.5% in 2017 compared to 2016. supply costs per equivalent admission increased 4.9% for medical devices, 0.3% for pharmacy supplies and 1.7% for general medical and surgical items in 2017 compared to 2016.
other operating expenses, as a percentage of revenues, was 18.4% in 2017 and 18.1% in 2016. other operating expenses are primarily comprised of contract services, professional fees, repairs and maintenance, rents and leases, utilities, insurance (including professional liability insurance) and nonincome taxes. provisions for losses related to professional liability risks were $466 million and $430 million for 2017 and 2016, respectively.
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations  (continued)
equity in earnings of affiliates was $45 million for 2017 and $54 million for 2016.
net gains on sales of facilities were $8 million and $23 million, respectively, for 2017 and 2016 and related to sales of real estate and other investments.
during 2017, we issued $1.500 billion aggregate principal amount of 5.500% senior secured notes due 2047. we used the net proceeds for general corporate purposes, including funding the purchase of certain hospitals, and the redemption of all $500 million aggregate principal amount of our existing 8.000% senior notes maturing in october 2018. the pretax loss on retirement of debt was $39 million. during 2016, we issued $1.200 billion aggregate principal amount of 4.500% senior secured notes due 2027. we used the net proceeds for general corporate purposes and to retire a portion of one of our senior secured term loans. we also entered into a joinder agreement to retire the remaining portion of this senior secured term loan using proceeds from a new $1.200 billion senior secured term loan facility maturing in february 2024. the pretax loss on retirement of debt was $4 million.
the effective tax rates were 42.5% and 32.3% for 2017 and 2016, respectively. the effective tax rate computations exclude net income attributable to noncontrolling interests as it relates to consolidated partnerships. our provision for income taxes for 2017 included increases of $301 million related to the remeasurement of our deferred tax assets and liabilities due to the enactment of the tax act and $14 million related to reductions in interest expense (net of tax). our provision for income taxes for 2017 and 2016 also included tax benefits of $82 million and $162 million, respectively, related to employee equity award settlements. our provision for income taxes for 2016 also included tax benefits of $51 million primarily related to the resolution of federal income tax issues for our 2011 and 2012 tax years. excluding the effect of these adjustments, the effective tax rates for 2017 and 2016 would have been 37.2% and 37.3%, respectively.
liquidity and capital resources our primary cash requirements are paying our operating expenses, servicing our debt, capital expenditures on our existing properties, acquisitions of hospitals and other health care entities, repurchases of our common stock, distributions to stockholders and distributions to noncontrolling interests. our primary cash sources are cash flows from operating activities, issuances of debt and equity securities and dispositions of hospitals and other health care entities.
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations  (continued)
liquidity and capital resources  (continued)
cash provided by operating activities totaled $6.761 billion in 2018 compared to $5.426 billion in 2017 and $5.653 billion in 2016. the $1.335 billion increase in cash provided by operating activities for 2018, compared to 2017, was primarily related to the increase in net income, excluding gains on sales of facilities, of $1.226 billion. the $227 million decline in cash provided by operating activities for 2017, compared to 2016, was primarily related to the $689 million decline in net income, offset by increases related to depreciation and amortization of $165 million and income taxes of $310 million. working capital totaled $2.644 billion at december 31, 2018 and $3.819 billion at december 31, 2017. the decline in working capital of $1.175 billion is primarily related to increases in other accrued expenses of $641 million and long-term debt due within one year of $588 million. cash payments for interest and income taxes declined $289 million for 2018 compared to 2017 and declined $16 million for 2017 compared to 2016.
cash used in investing activities was $3.901 billion, $4.279 billion and $3.240 billion in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. excluding acquisitions, capital expenditures were $3.573 billion in 2018, $3.015 billion in 2017 and $2.760 billion in 2016. we expended $1.253 billion, $1.212 billion and $576 million for acquisitions of hospitals and health care entities during 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. planned capital expenditures are expected to approximate $3.7 billion in 2019. at december 31, 2018, there were projects under construction which had an estimated additional cost to complete and equip over the next five years of approximately $3.5 billion. we expect to finance capital expenditures with internally generated and borrowed funds. cash received from disposals of hospitals and health care entities increased $783 million for 2018 compared to 2017 primarily related to the receipt of $758 million from the sale of the two hospitals in our oklahoma market.
cash used in financing activities totaled $3.075 billion in 2018, $1.061 billion in 2017 and $2.508 billion in 2016. during 2018, we had a net decline of $344 million in our indebtedness, paid cash dividends of $487 million and paid cash of $1.530 billion for repurchases of common stock. during 2017, we had a net increase of $1.509 billion in our indebtedness and paid cash of $2.051 billion for repurchases of common stock. during 2016, we had a net increase of $815 million in our indebtedness and paid cash of $2.751 billion for repurchases of common stock. during 2018, 2017 and 2016, we made distributions to noncontrolling interests of $441 million, $448 million and $434 million, respectively. we paid debt issuance costs of $25 million, $26 million and $40 million for 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
we, or our affiliates, may in the future repurchase portions of our debt or equity securities, subject to certain limitations, from time to time in either the open market or through privately negotiated transactions, in accordance with applicable sec and other legal requirements. the timing, prices, and sizes of purchases depend upon prevailing trading prices, general economic and market conditions, and other factors, including applicable securities laws. during january 2019, our board of directors authorized a share repurchase program for up to $2 billion of our outstanding common stock. at december 31, 2018, $272 million of share repurchase authorization remained available under the $2 billion share repurchase program authorized by our board of directors during october 2017. funds for the repurchase of debt or equity securities have, and are expected to, come primarily from cash generated from operations and borrowed funds. on january 29, 2019, our board of directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.40 per share on our common stock payable on march 29, 2019 to stockholders of record on march 1, 2019. during 2018, our board of directors declared four quarterly dividends of $0.35 per share, or $1.40 per share in the aggregate, on our common stock. the timing and amount of future cash dividends will vary based on a number of factors, including future capital requirements for strategic transactions, share repurchases and investing in our existing markets, the availability of financing on acceptable terms, debt service requirements, changes to applicable tax laws or corporate laws, changes to our business model and periodic determinations by our board of directors that cash dividends are in the best interest of stockholders and are in compliance with all applicable laws and agreements of the company.
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations  (continued)
liquidity and capital resources  (continued)
in addition to cash flows from operations, available sources of capital include amounts available under our senior secured credit facilities ($2.693 billion as of december 31, 2018 and $2.933 billion as of january 31, 2019) and anticipated access to public and private debt and equity markets.
investments of our insurance subsidiaries, to maintain statutory equity and pay claims, totaled $409 million and $472 million at december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. the insurance subsidiary maintained net reserves for professional liability risks of $183 million and $194 million at december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. our facilities are insured by our 100% owned insurance subsidiary for losses up to $50 million per occurrence; however, this coverage is subject, in most cases, to a $15 million per occurrence self-insured retention. net reserves for the self-insured professional liability risks retained were $1.509 billion and $1.409 billion at december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. claims payments, net of reinsurance recoveries, during the next 12 months are expected to approximate $456 million. we estimate that approximately $422 million of the expected net claim payments during the next 12 months will relate to claims subject to the self-insured retention.
financing activities we are a highly leveraged company with significant debt service requirements. our debt totaled $32.821 billion and $33.058 billion at december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. our interest expense was $1.755 billion for 2018 and $1.690 billion for 2017.
during june 2017, we issued $1.500 billion aggregate principal amount of 5.500% senior secured notes due 2047. we used the net proceeds for general corporate purposes, including funding the purchase of certain hospital acquisitions, and the redemption, during july 2017, of all $500 million aggregate principal amount of our existing 8.000% senior notes maturing in october 2018.
during june 2017, we amended our senior secured revolving credit facilities by (i) increasing the commitments under the senior secured asset-based revolving credit facility to $3.750 billion, (ii) extending the maturity date of the revolving credit commitments to june 28, 2022, (iii) amending the incremental facility provisions to permit the incurrence of additional incremental credit facilities in an aggregate principal amount of $1.5 billion and (iv) providing that the commitment fee for unutilized commitments under the senior secured asset-based revolving credit facility shall be 0.250% per annum.
during march 2018, we entered into a joinder agreement to refinance our existing senior secured term b-8 loan credit facility maturing on february 15, 2024, repay a portion of our existing senior secured term b-9 loan credit facility maturing on march 18, 2023 and pay related fees and expenses with a new $1.500 billion senior secured term b-10 loan credit facility maturing on march 13, 2025. the senior secured term b-10 loan credit facility bears interest at libor plus an applicable margin of 2.00% or a base rate plus an applicable margin of 1.00%, compared to applicable margins of 2.25% and 1.25%, respectively, under the senior secured term b-8 loan credit facility.
during march 2018, we also entered into an additional joinder agreement to refinance a portion of our existing senior secured term b-9 loan credit facility maturing on march 18, 2023 and pay related fees and expenses with a new approximately $1.166 billion senior secured term b-11 loan credit facility maturing on march 18, 2023. the senior secured term b-11 loan credit facility bears interest at libor plus an applicable margin of 1.75% or a base rate plus an applicable margin of 0.75%, compared to applicable margins of 2.00% and 1.00%, respectively, under the senior secured term b-9 loan credit facility.
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations  (continued)
liquidity and capital resources  (continued)
financing activities  (continued)
during august 2018, we issued $2.000 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes comprised of $1.000 billion aggregate principal amount of 5.375% notes due 2026 and $1.000 billion aggregate principal amount of 5.625% notes due 2028. we used the net proceeds for general corporate purposes, including funding the purchase of a hospital, and the redemption of all $1.500 billion aggregate principal amount of our existing 3.750% senior secured notes maturing in march 2019.
during january 2019, we issued $1.500 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes comprised of $1.000 billion aggregate principal amount of 5.875% notes due 2029 and $500 million aggregate principal amount of 5.625% notes due 2028. we used the net proceeds to fund the purchase of a six-hospital health system located in western north carolina.
management believes that cash flows from operations, amounts available under our senior secured credit facilities and our anticipated access to public and private debt markets will be sufficient to meet expected liquidity needs during the next twelve months.
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations  (continued)
contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements as of december 31, 2018, maturities of contractual obligations and other commercial commitments are presented in the table below (dollars in millions):
payments due by period contractual obligations(a)                                                                   total             current              2-3 years              4-5 years             after 5 years long-term debt including interest, excluding the senior secured credit facilities(b)       $36,936              $2,215                 $6,699                 $8,039                   $19,983
loans outstanding under the senior secured credit facilities, including interest(b)          7,333                 207                  1,342                  4,333                     1,451
professional liability claims(c)                                                             1,741                 466                    711                    342                       222
commitment expiration by period other commercial commitments not recorded on the     total             current             2-3 years           4-5 years             after 5 years consolidated balance sheet surety bonds(e)                                        $72                 $71                    $1           $—                    $—
letters of credit(e)                                    17                  17                     —                  —                       —
physician commitments(f)                                35                  25                    10                  —                       —
total commercial commitments                          $124                $113                   $11           $—                    $—
(a)                we have not included obligations related to unrecognized tax benefits of $435 million at december 31, 2018, as we cannot reasonably estimate the timing or amounts of cash payments, if any, at this time.
(c)                              the estimation of the timing of payments for professional liability claims beyond a year can vary significantly. the time period required to resolve these claims can vary depending upon the jurisdiction and whether the claim is settled or litigated.
(d)                   amounts relate to future operating lease obligations, purchase obligations and other obligations and are not recorded in our consolidated balance sheet. amounts also include physician commitments that are recorded in our consolidated balance sheet.
(e)                                                     amounts relate primarily to instances in which we have agreed to indemnify various commercial insurers and lenders who have provided surety bonds and letters of credit to cover damages for legal cases which were awarded to plaintiffs by the courts, medicaid provider bonds, and utility and construction deposits.
(f)                                                                       in consideration for physicians relocating to the communities in which our hospitals are located and agreeing to engage in private practice for the benefit of the respective communities, we make advances to physicians, normally over a period of one year, to assist in establishing the physicians’ practices. the actual amount of these commitments to be advanced often depends upon the financial results of the physicians’ private practice during the recruitment agreement payment period. the physician commitments reflected were based on our maximum exposure on effective agreements at december 31, 2018.
market risk we are exposed to market risk related to changes in market values of securities. the investments in our 100% owned insurance subsidiaries were $409 million at december 31, 2018. these investments are carried at
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations  (continued)
fair value, with changes in unrealized gains and losses being recorded as adjustments to other comprehensive income. at december 31, 2018, we had a net unrealized gain of $3 million on the insurance subsidiaries’ investment securities.
we are exposed to market risk related to market illiquidity. investments in debt and equity securities of our 100% owned insurance subsidiaries could be impaired by the inability to access the capital markets. should the 100% owned insurance subsidiaries require significant amounts of cash in excess of normal cash requirements to pay claims and other expenses on short notice, we may have difficulty selling these investments in a timely manner or be forced to sell them at a price less than what we might otherwise have been able to in a normal market environment. we may be required to recognize other-than-temporary impairments on our investment securities in future periods should issuers default on interest payments or should the fair market valuations of the securities deteriorate due to ratings downgrades or other issue-specific factors.
we are also exposed to market risk related to changes in interest rates, and we periodically enter into interest rate swap agreements to manage our exposure to these fluctuations. our interest rate swap agreements involve the exchange of fixed and variable rate interest payments between two parties, based on common notional principal amounts and maturity dates. the notional amounts of the swap agreements represent balances used to calculate the exchange of cash flows and are not our assets or liabilities. our credit risk related to these agreements is considered low because the swap agreements are with creditworthy financial institutions. the interest payments under these agreements are settled on a net basis. these derivatives have been recognized in the financial statements at their respective fair values. changes in the fair value of these derivatives, which are designated as cash flow hedges, are included in other comprehensive income.
with respect to our interest-bearing liabilities, approximately $4.341 billion of long-term debt at december 31, 2018 was subject to variable rates of interest, while the remaining balance in long-term debt of $28.480 billion at december 31, 2018 was subject to fixed rates of interest. both the general level of interest rates and, for the senior secured credit facilities, our leverage affect our variable interest rates. our variable debt is comprised primarily of amounts outstanding under the senior secured credit facilities. borrowings under the senior secured credit facilities bear interest at a rate equal to an applicable margin plus, at our option, either (a) a base rate determined by reference to the higher of (1) the federal funds rate plus 0.50% and (2) the prime rate of bank of america or (b) a libor rate for the currency of such borrowing for the relevant interest period. the applicable margin for borrowings under the senior secured credit facilities may fluctuate according to a leverage ratio. the average effective interest rate for our long-term debt was 5.3% for both 2018 and 2017.
the estimated fair value of our total long-term debt was $32.887 billion at december 31, 2018. the estimates of fair value are based upon the quoted market prices for the same or similar issues of long-term debt with the same maturities. based on a hypothetical 1% increase in interest rates, the potential annualized reduction to future pretax earnings would be approximately $43 million. to mitigate the impact of fluctuations in interest rates, we generally target a majority of our debt portfolio to be maintained at fixed rates.
we are exposed to currency translation risk related to our foreign operations. we currently do not consider the market risk related to foreign currency translation to be material to our consolidated financial statements or our liquidity.
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations  (continued)
financial instruments derivative financial instruments are employed to manage risks, including interest rate exposures, and are not used for trading or speculative purposes. we recognize derivative instruments, such as interest rate swap agreements, in the consolidated balance sheets at fair value. changes in the fair value of derivatives are recognized periodically either in earnings or in stockholders’ equity, as a component of other comprehensive income, depending on whether the derivative financial instrument qualifies for hedge accounting, and if so, whether it qualifies as a fair value hedge or a cash flow hedge. gains and losses on derivatives designated as cash flow hedges, to the extent they are effective, are recorded in other comprehensive income, and subsequently reclassified to earnings to offset the impact of the hedged items when they occur.
effects of inflation and changing prices various federal, state and local laws have been enacted that, in certain cases, limit our ability to increase prices. revenues for general, acute care hospital services rendered to medicare patients are established under the federal government’s prospective payment system. total fee-for-service medicare revenues were 21.1%, 21.3% and 21.0% of our revenues for 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
management believes hospital industry operating margins have been, and may continue to be, under significant pressure because of changes in payer and service mix and growth in operating expenses in excess of the increase in prospective payments under the medicare program. in addition, as a result of increasing regulatory and competitive pressures, our ability to maintain operating margins through price increases to non-medicare patients is limited.
tax examinations during 2016, the irs completed its examination, resolving all outstanding federal income tax issues for our 2011 and 2012 tax years. we are subject to examination by the irs for tax years after 2014 as well as by state and foreign taxing authorities.
management believes hca healthcare, inc., its predecessors and affiliates properly reported taxable income and paid taxes in accordance with applicable laws and agreements established with the irs, state and foreign taxing authorities and final resolution of any disputes will not have a material, adverse effect on our results of operations or financial position. however, if payments due upon final resolution of any issues exceed our recorded estimates, such resolutions could have a material, adverse effect on our results of operations or financial position.