item 1a - risk factors our businesses routinely encounter and address risks, many of which could cause our future results to be materially different than we presently anticipate. below, we describe certain important risks, categorized solely for ease of reference as strategic, operational, legal and compliance, and financial risks. the manner in which we respond to future developments as well as our competitors' reactions to those developments may affect our future operating results.
strategic risks strategic risks relate to our current and future operating model, business plans and growth strategy, including the risks associated with the following: competitive pressures on our product offerings and business models; our ability to adapt to technological changes and global trends; our reliance on third-party intellectual property and our ability to protect our own intellectual property rights; the value of our brand; and mergers, acquisitions and divestiture activity that may have unanticipated costs and expenses.
we face intense competitive pressures that may harm our operating results.
we face intense competition in all of our businesses, and we expect competition to remain intense in the future. our competitors and potential competitors range from large and established entities to emerging start-ups. our competitors may introduce superior products and services, reduce prices, have greater technical, marketing and other resources, have greater name recognition, have larger installed bases of customers, have well-established relationships with our current and potential customers, advertise aggressively or beat us to market with new products and services. in addition, we may face competition from existing companies, with large established consumer user-bases and broad-based platforms, who may change or expand the focus of their business strategies and marketing to target our customers, including small businesses and tax customers.
we also face competition from companies with a variety of business models and monetization strategies, including increased competition from providers of free offerings, particularly in our tax, accounting, and payments businesses. in order to compete, we have also introduced free offerings in several categories, but we may not be able to attract customers as effectively as competitors with different business models. in addition, we may not be able to monetize our free offerings if other providers of free offerings provide features that we do not offer and customers who have formerly paid for intuit's products and services may elect to use our competitors' free offerings instead. these competitive factors may diminish our revenue and profitability, and harm our ability to acquire and retain customers.
our consumer tax business also faces significant competition from the public sector, where we face the risk of federal and state taxing authorities proposing revenue raising strategies that involve developing and providing government tax software or other government return preparation systems at public expense. these or similar programs may be introduced or expanded in the future, which may change the voluntary compliance tax system in ways that could cause us to lose customers and revenue. the irs free file program is currently the sole means by which the irs offers tax software to taxpayers, and as part of the program the irs has agreed it will not offer a duplicative or competing service. under this program, the irs has worked with private industry to provide more than 50 million free returns since 2003, utilizing donated private sector tax software and e-filing services for low and middle income taxpayers at no cost to the government or individual users. however, its continuation depends on a number of factors, including increasing public awareness of and access to the free program, as well as continued government support. the current agreement is scheduled to expire in october 2020. if the free file program were to be terminated and the irs were to enter the software development and return preparation space, the federal government would become a publicly funded direct competitor of the u.s. tax services industry and of intuit. government funded services that curtail or eliminate the role of taxpayers in preparing their own taxes could potentially have material and adverse revenue implications.
future revenue growth depends upon our ability to adapt to technological change as well as global trends in the way customers access software offerings and successfully introduce new and enhanced products, services and business models.
online offerings, desktop software and mobile technology industries are characterized by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards and frequent new product introductions. we must continue to innovate and develop new products and features to meet changing customer needs and attract and retain talented software developers. we need to continue to develop our skills, tools and capabilities to capitalize on existing and emerging technologies, which require us to devote significant resources.
tables of contents unsuccessful in monetizing or increasing customer adoption of these offerings or our risk profile may change, resulting in loss of revenue.
the number of people who access products and services through devices other than personal computers, including mobile phones, smartphones, and handheld computers such as tablets, continues to increase. we have devoted significant resources to develop products and services for users of these alternative devices, but the versions of our products and services developed for these devices may not be compelling to users. even if we are able to attract new users through these mobile offerings, the amount of revenue that we derive per user from mobile offerings may be less than the revenue that we have historically derived from users of personal computers. as new devices and new platforms are continually being released, it is difficult to predict the problems we may encounter in developing versions of our products and services for use on these alternative devices and we may need to devote significant resources to the creation, support, and maintenance of such offerings. if we are slow to develop products and technologies that are compatible with these alternative devices, or if our competitors are able to achieve those results more quickly than us, we will fail to capture a significant share of an increasingly important portion of the market for online services, which could adversely affect our business. further, legislation or regulatory changes may mandate changes in our products that make them less attractive to users.
in some cases, we may expend a significant amount of resources and management attention on offerings that do not ultimately succeed in their markets. we have encountered difficulty in launching new products and services in the past. if we misjudge customer needs in the future, our new products and services may not succeed and our revenues and earnings may be harmed. we have also invested, and in the future, expect to invest in new business models, geographies, strategies and initiatives. such endeavors may involve significant risks and uncertainties, including distraction of management from current operations, expenses associated with the initiatives and inadequate return on investments. because these new initiatives are inherently risky, they may not be successful and may harm our financial condition and operating results.
many of our products and services include intellectual property of third parties, which we license under agreements that may need to be renewed or renegotiated from time to time. we may not be able to obtain licenses to these third-party technologies or content on reasonable terms, or at all. if we are unable to obtain the rights necessary to use this intellectual property in our products and services, we may not be able to sell the affected offerings, and customers who are currently using the affected product may be disrupted, which may in turn harm our future financial results, damage our brand, and result in customer loss. also, we and our customers have been and may continue to be subject to infringement claims as a result of the third-party intellectual property incorporated in our offerings. although we try to mitigate this risk and we may not be ultimately liable for any potential infringement, pending claims require us to use significant resources, require management attention and could result in loss of customers.
some of our offerings include third-party software that is licensed under so-called "open source" licenses, some of which may include a requirement that, under certain circumstances, we make available, or grant licenses to, any modifications or derivative works we create based upon the open source software. although we have established internal review and approval processes to mitigate these risks, we may not be sure that all open source software is submitted for approval prior to use in our products. many of the risks associated with usage of open source may not be eliminated, and may, if not properly addressed, harm our business.
our intellectual property rights are valuable, and any inability to protect them could reduce the value of our products, services, and brand.
our patents, trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights, domain names and other intellectual property rights are important assets for us. we aggressively protect our intellectual property rights by relying on federal, state and common law rights in the u.s. and internationally, as well as a variety of administrative procedures. we also rely on contractual restrictions to protect our proprietary rights in products and services. the efforts that we take to protect our proprietary rights may not always be sufficient or effective. protecting our intellectual property rights is costly and time consuming and may not be successful in every location. any significant impairment of our intellectual property rights could harm our business, our brand and our ability to compete.
policing unauthorized use and copying of our products is difficult, expensive, and time consuming. current u.s. laws that prohibit copying give us only limited practical protection from software piracy and the laws of many other countries provide very little protection. we frequently encounter unauthorized copies of our software being sold through online marketplaces. although we continue to evaluate and put in place technology solutions to attempt to lessen the impact of piracy and engage in efforts to educate consumers and public policy leaders on these issues and cooperate with industry groups in their efforts to combat piracy, we expect piracy to be a persistent problem that results in lost revenues and increased expenses.
our business depends on our strong reputation and the value of our brands.
tables of contents products and services as well as our ability to protect and use our customers' data in a manner that meets their expectations. in addition, a security incident which results in unauthorized disclosure of our customers' sensitive data could cause material reputational harm. damage to our reputation and loss of brand equity may reduce demand for our products and services and thus have an adverse effect on our future financial results, as well as require additional resources to rebuild our reputation and restore the value of the brands and could also reduce our stock price.
our acquisition and divestiture activities may disrupt our ongoing business, may involve increased expenses and may present risks not contemplated at the time of the transactions.
we have acquired and may continue to acquire companies, products, technologies and talent that complement our strategic direction, both in and outside the united states. acquisitions involve significant risks and uncertainties, including:
•   inability to successfully integrate the acquired technology, data assets and operations into our business and maintain uniform standards, controls, policies, and procedures;
•   inability to realize synergies expected to result from an acquisition;
•   disruption of our ongoing business and distraction of management;
•   challenges retaining the key employees, customers, resellers and other business partners of the acquired operation;
•   the internal control environment of an acquired entity may not be consistent with our standards or with regulatory requirements, and may require significant time and resources to align or rectify;
•   unidentified issues not discovered in our due diligence process, including product or service quality issues, intellectual property issues and legal contingencies;
•   failure to successfully further develop an acquired business or technology and any resulting impairment of amounts currently capitalized as intangible assets;
•   risks associated with businesses we acquire or invest in, which may differ from or be more significant than the risks our other businesses face; and
•   in the case of foreign acquisitions and investments, the impact of particular economic, tax, currency, political, legal and regulatory risks associated with specific countries.
we have divested and may in the future divest certain assets or businesses that no longer fit with our strategic direction or growth targets. divestitures involve significant risks and uncertainties, including:
•   inability to find potential buyers on favorable terms;
•   failure to effectively transfer liabilities, contracts, facilities and employees to buyers;
•   requirements that we retain or indemnify buyers against certain liabilities and obligations;
•   the possibility that we will become subject to third-party claims arising out of such divestiture;
•   challenges in identifying and separating the intellectual property and data to be divested from the intellectual property and data that we wish to retain;
•   inability to reduce fixed costs previously associated with the divested assets or business;
•   challenges in collecting the proceeds from any divestiture;
•   disruption of our ongoing business and distraction of management;
•   loss of key employees who leave the company as a result of a divestiture; and
•   if customers or partners of the divested business do not receive the same level of service from the new owners, our other businesses may be adversely affected, to the extent that these customers or partners also purchase other products offered by us or otherwise conduct business with our retained business.
because acquisitions and divestitures are inherently risky, our transactions may not be successful and may, in some cases, harm our operating results or financial condition. although we typically fund our acquisitions through cash available from operations, if we were to use debt to fund acquisitions or for other purposes, our interest expense and leverage would increase significantly, and if we were to issue equity securities as consideration in an acquisition, current shareholders' percentage ownership and earnings per share would be diluted.
operational risks operational risks arise from internal and external events relating to systems, processes and people. risks that affect the operation of our businesses include the following: potential security incidents; privacy and cybersecurity concerns relating to online offerings; fraudulent activities by third parties; relationships with third parties; competition for and retention of key talent; issues with our product launches; problems with our information technology infrastructure; and risks associated with operating internationally.
tables of contents security incidents, improper access to, or disclosure of our data or customers' data, or other cyberattacks on our systems, could harm our reputation and adversely affect our business.
we host, collect, use and retain large amounts of sensitive and personal customer and employee data, including credit card information, tax return information, bank account numbers, login credentials and passwords, personal and business financial data and transactions data, social security numbers and payroll information, as well as our confidential, nonpublic business information. we use commercially available security technologies and security and business controls to limit access to and use of such sensitive data. although we expend significant resources to create security protections designed to shield this data against potential theft and security breaches, such measures cannot provide absolute security.
our technologies, systems, and networks have been subject to, and are likely to continue to be the target of, cyberattacks, computer viruses, worms, phishing attacks, malicious software programs, and other cybersecurity incidents that could result in the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring, use, loss or destruction of our customers' or employees' sensitive and personal data, or intuit's sensitive business data or cause temporary or sustained unavailability of our software and systems. these types of attacks can be made by individuals, groups of hackers, and sophisticated organizations including state-sponsored organizations or nation-states themselves. customers who fail to update their systems, continue to run software that we no longer support or that fail to install security patches on a timely basis create vulnerabilities and make it more difficult for us to detect and prevent these kinds of attacks. we are increasingly incorporating open source software into our products. there may be vulnerabilities in open source software that make it susceptible to cyberattacks. in addition, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to sensitive information change frequently, and are becoming more sophisticated and are often not able to be detected until after a successful attack, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventive measures. although this is an industry-wide problem that affects software and hardware across platforms, it may increasingly affect our offerings because cyber-criminals tend to focus their efforts on well-known offerings that are popular among customers and hold sensitive information and we expect them to continue to do so.
further, the security measures that we implement may not be able to prevent unauthorized access to our products and our customers' account data. third parties may fraudulently induce employees, customers, or users by means such as email phishing, to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to our systems. it is also possible that unauthorized access to or disclosure of customer data may occur due to inadequate use of security controls by our customers or our employees. accounts created with weak or recycled passwords could allow cyberattackers to gain access to customer data. unauthorized persons could gain access to customer accounts if customers do not maintain effective access controls of their systems and software.
criminals may also use stolen identity information obtained outside of our systems, to gain unauthorized access to our customers' data. we have experienced such instances in the past and as the accessibility of stolen identity information increases, generally, we may experience further instances of unauthorized access to our systems using our customers' or employees' stolen identity information in the future. further, our customers may choose to use the same user id and password across multiple products and services unrelated to our products. such customers' login credentials may be stolen from products offered by third party service providers unrelated to us and the stolen identity information may be used by a malicious third party to access our products, which could result in disclosure of confidential information.
our efforts to protect data may also be unsuccessful due to software bugs (whether open source or proprietary code), break-ins, employee error or other threats that evolve.
further, because we have created an ecosystem where customers can have one identity across multiple intuit products, a security incident may give access to increased amounts of customer data. this may result in disclosure of confidential information, loss of customer confidence in our products, possible litigation, material harm to our reputation and financial condition, disruption of our or our customers' business operations and decline in our stock price. from time to time, we detect, or receive notices from customers or public or private agencies that they have detected, actual or perceived vulnerabilities in our servers, our software or third-party software components that are distributed with our products or fraudulent activity by unauthorized persons utilizing our products with stolen customer identity information. the existence of such vulnerabilities or fraudulent activity, even if they do not result in a security breach, may undermine customer confidence as well as the confidence of government agencies that regulate our offerings. such perceived vulnerabilities could also seriously harm our business by tarnishing our reputation and brand and/or limiting the adoption of our products and services and could cause our stock price to decline.
a cybersecurity incident affecting the third parties we rely on, could expose us or our customers to a risk of loss or misuse of confidential information and significantly damage our reputation.
we depend on a number of third parties, including vendors, developers and partners who are critical to our business. we or our customers may grant access to customer data to these third parties to help deliver customer benefits, or to host certain of our and our customers' sensitive and personal data. in addition, we share sensitive, nonpublic business information (including, for example, materials relating to financial, business and legal strategies) with other vendors in the ordinary course of business.
tables of contents implementation of these control measures. individuals or third parties may be able to circumvent these security and business controls and/or exploit vulnerabilities that may exist in these controls, resulting in the disclosure or misuse of sensitive business and personal customer or employee information and data.
a security incident involving third parties whom we rely on may have serious negative consequences for our businesses, including disclosure of sensitive customer or employee data, or confidential or competitively sensitive information regarding our business, including intellectual property and other proprietary data; make our products more vulnerable to fraudulent activity; cause temporary or sustained unavailability of our software and systems; result in possible litigation, fines, penalties and damages; result in loss of customer confidence; cause material harm to our reputation and brands; lead to further regulation and oversight by federal or state agencies; cause adverse financial condition; and result in a reduced stock price.
concerns about the current privacy and cybersecurity environment, generally, could deter current and potential customers from adopting our products and services and damage our reputation.
the continued occurrence of cyberattacks and data breaches on governments, businesses and consumers in general, indicates that we operate in an external environment where cyberattacks and data breaches are becoming increasingly common. if the global cybersecurity environment worsens, and there are increased instances of security breaches of third-party offerings where consumers' data and sensitive information is compromised, consumers may be less willing to use online offerings, particularly offerings like ours in which customers often share sensitive financial data. in addition, the increased availability of data obtained as a result of breaches of third-party offerings could make our own products more vulnerable to fraudulent activity. even if our products are not affected directly by such incidents, they could damage our reputation and deter current and potential customers from adopting our products and services or lead customers to cease using online and connected software products to transact financial business altogether.
if we are unable to effectively combat the increasing amount and sophistication of fraudulent activities by third parties using our offerings, we may suffer losses, which may be substantial, and lose the confidence of our customers and government agencies and our revenues and earnings may be harmed.
the online tax preparation, payroll administration and online payments industries have been experiencing an increasing amount of fraudulent activities by third parties, and those fraudulent activities are becoming increasingly sophisticated. although we do not believe that any of this activity is uniquely targeted at our products or business, this type of fraudulent activity may adversely impact our tax, payroll, and payments businesses. in addition to any losses that may result from such fraud, which may be substantial, a loss of confidence by our customers or by governmental agencies in our ability to prevent fraudulent activity that is perpetrated through our offerings may seriously harm our business and damage our brand. if we cannot adequately combat such fraudulent activity that is perpetrated through our tax offerings, governmental authorities may refuse to allow us to continue to offer such services, which could include federal or state tax authorities refusing to allow us to process our customers' tax returns electronically, resulting in a significant adverse impact on our earnings and revenue. as fraudulent activities become more pervasive and increasingly sophisticated, and fraud detection and prevention measures must become correspondingly more complex to combat them across the various industries in which we operate, we may implement risk control mechanisms that could make it more difficult for legitimate customers to obtain and use our products, which could result in lost revenue and negatively impact our earnings.
if we fail to process transactions effectively or fail to adequately protect against disputed or potential fraudulent activities, our business may be harmed.
our operations process a significant volume and dollar value of transactions on a daily basis, especially in our payroll and payments businesses. despite our efforts to ensure that effective processing systems and controls are in place to handle transactions appropriately, it is possible that we may make errors or that funds may be misappropriated due to fraud. the systems supporting our business are comprised of multiple technology platforms that are sometimes difficult to scale. if we are unable to effectively manage our systems and processes, or if there is an error in our products, we may be unable to process customer data in an accurate, reliable and timely manner, which may harm our reputation, the willingness of customers to use our products, and our financial results. in our payments processing service business, if merchants for whom we process payment transactions are unable to pay refunds due to their customers in connection with disputed or fraudulent merchant transactions, we may be required to pay those amounts and our payments may exceed the amount of the customer reserves we have established to make such payments.
business interruption or failure of our information technology and communication systems may impair the availability of our products and services, which may damage our reputation and harm our future financial results.
tables of contents amazon web services (aws). if aws is unavailable to us for any reason, our customers may not be able to access certain of our cloud products or features, which could significantly impact our operations, business, and financial results.
failure of our systems or those of our third-party service providers, may result in interruptions in our service and loss of data or processing capabilities, all of which may cause a loss in customers, refunds of product fees, material harm to our reputation and operating results.
our tax businesses must effectively handle extremely heavy customer demand during critical peak periods from january until april of each year. we face significant risks in maintaining adequate service levels during these peak periods when we derive a substantial portion of our overall revenue from the tax businesses. any interruptions in our online tax preparation or electronic filing service at any time during the tax season, particularly during a peak period, could result in significantly decreased revenue, lost customers, unexpected refunds of customer charges, negative publicity and increased operating costs, any of which could significantly harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we rely on internal systems and external systems maintained by manufacturers, distributors and other service providers to take and fulfill customer orders, handle customer service requests and host certain online activities. any interruption or failure of our internal or external systems may prevent us or our service providers from accepting and fulfilling customer orders or cause company and customer data to be unintentionally disclosed. our continuing efforts to upgrade and expand our network security and other information systems as well as our high-availability capabilities may be costly, and problems with the design or implementation of system enhancements may harm our business and our results of operations.
our business operations, data centers, information technology and communications systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from natural disasters, human error, malicious attacks, fire, power loss, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, computer denial of service attacks, terrorist attacks and other events beyond our control. in addition, our corporate headquarters and other critical business operations are located near major seismic faults. in the event of a major natural or man-made disaster, our insurance coverage may not completely compensate us for our losses and our future financial results may be materially harmed.
we regularly invest resources to update and improve our internal information technology systems and software platforms. should our investments not succeed, or if delays or other issues with new or existing internal technology systems and software platforms disrupt our operations, our business could be harmed.
we rely on our network and data center infrastructure and internal technology systems for many of our development, marketing, operational, support, sales, accounting and financial reporting activities. we are continually investing resources to update and improve these systems and environments in order to meet existing needs, as well as the growing and changing requirements of our business and customers. if we experience prolonged delays or unforeseen difficulties in updating and upgrading our systems and architecture, we may experience outages and may not be able to deliver certain offerings and develop new offerings and enhancements that we need to remain competitive. such improvements and upgrades are often complex, costly and time consuming. in addition, such improvements can be challenging to integrate with our existing technology systems, or may uncover problems with our existing technology systems. unsuccessful implementation of hardware or software updates and improvements could result in outages, disruption in our business operations, loss of revenue or damage to our reputation.
if we are unable to develop, manage and maintain critical third-party business relationships, our business may be adversely affected.
our growth is increasingly dependent on the strength of our business relationships and our ability to continue to develop, manage and maintain new and existing relationships with third party partners. we rely on various third-party partners, including software and service providers, suppliers, vendors, manufacturers, distributors, accountants, contractors, financial institutions, core processors, licensing partners and development partners, among others, in many areas of our business in order to deliver our offerings and operate our business. we also rely on third parties to support the operation of our business by maintaining our physical facilities, equipment, power systems and infrastructure. in certain instances, these third-party relationships are sole source or limited source relationships and can be difficult to replace or substitute depending on the level of integration of the third party's products or services into, or with, our offerings and/or the general availability of such third party's products and services. in addition, there may be few or no alternative third-party providers or vendors in the market. further, there can be no assurance that we will be able to adequately retain third-party contractors engaged to help us operate our business. the failure of third parties to provide acceptable and high quality products, services and technologies or to update their products, services and technologies may result in a disruption to our business operations and our customers, which may reduce our revenues and profits, cause us to lose customers and damage our reputation. alternative arrangements and services may not be available to us on commercially reasonable terms or at all, or we may experience business interruptions upon a transition to an alternative partner.
although we have strict standards for our suppliers and business partners to comply with the law and company policies regarding workplace and employment practices, data use and security, environmental compliance, intellectual property licensing and other applicable regulatory and compliance requirements, we cannot control their day-to-day practices. if any of them violate laws or implement practices regarded as unethical, we could experience supply chain disruptions, canceled orders, terminations of or damage to key relationships, and damage to our reputation.
tables of contents in particular, we have relationships with banks, credit unions and other financial institutions that support certain critical services we offer to our customers. if macroeconomic conditions or other factors cause any of these institutions to fail, consolidate, stop providing certain services or institute cost-cutting efforts, our business and financial results may suffer and we may be unable to offer those services to our customers.
we increasingly utilize the distribution platforms of third parties like apple's app store and google's play store for the distribution of certain of our product offerings. although we benefit from the strong brand recognition and large user base of these distribution platforms to attract new customers, the platform owners have wide discretion to change the pricing structure, terms of service and other policies with respect to us and other developers. any adverse changes by these third parties could adversely affect our financial results.
because competition for our key employees is intense, we may not be able to attract, retain and develop the highly skilled employees we need to support our planned growth.
much of our future success depends on the continued service and availability of skilled personnel, including members of our executive team, and those in technical and other key positions. experienced personnel in the software, mobile technologies, data science, data security, and software as a service industries are in high demand and competition for their talents is intense, especially in california and india, where the majority of our employees are located. also, as we strive to continue to adapt to technological change and introduce new and enhanced products and business models, we must be able to secure, maintain and develop the right quality and quantity of engaged and committed talent. the incentives we have available to attract, retain, and motivate employees provided by our equity awards may become less effective, and if we were to issue significant equity to attract additional employees, the ownership of our existing stockholders would be diluted. although we strive to be an employer of choice, we may not be able to continue to successfully attract, retain and develop key personnel, which may cause our business to suffer.
the nature of our products and services necessitates timely product launches, and if we experience significant product accuracy or quality problems or delays, it may harm our revenue, earnings and reputation.
all of our tax products and many of our non-tax products have rigid development timetables that increase the risk of errors in our products and the risk of launch delays. our tax preparation software product development cycle is particularly challenging due to the need to incorporate unpredictable and potentially late tax law and tax form changes each year and because our customers expect high levels of accuracy and a timely launch of these products to prepare and file their taxes by the tax filing deadline. due to the complexity of our products and the condensed development cycles under which we operate, our products may contain errors that could unexpectedly interfere with the operation of the software or result in incorrect calculations. the complexity of the tax laws on which our products are based may also make it difficult for us to consistently deliver offerings that contain the features, functionality and level of accuracy that our customers expect. when we encounter problems we may be required to modify our code, work with state tax administrators to communicate with affected customers, assist customers with amendments, distribute patches to customers who have already purchased the product and recall or repackage existing product inventory in our distribution channels. if we encounter development challenges or discover errors in our products either late in our development cycle or after release it may cause us to delay our product launch date or suspend product availability until such issues can be fixed. any major defects, launch delays or product suspensions may lead to loss of customers and revenue, negative publicity, customer and employee dissatisfaction, reduced retailer shelf space and promotions, and increased operating expenses, such as inventory replacement costs, legal fees or other payments, including those resulting from our accuracy guarantee in our tax preparation products. for example, an error in our tax products could cause a compliance error for taxpayers, including the over or underpayment of their federal or state tax liability. while our accuracy guarantee commits us to reimburse penalties and interest paid by customers due solely to calculation errors in our tax preparation products, such errors may result in additional burdens on third parties that we may need to address or that may cause us to suspend the availability of our products until such errors are addressed. this could also affect our reputation, the willingness of customers to use our products, and our financial results.
our international operations are subject to increased risks which may harm our business, operating results, and financial condition.
in addition to uncertainty about our ability to generate revenues from our foreign operations and expand into international markets, there are risks inherent in doing business internationally, including:
•   different or more restrictive privacy, data protection, data localization, and other laws that could require us to make changes to our products, services and operations, such as mandating that certain types of data collected in a particular country be stored and/or processed within that country;
•   difficulties in developing, staffing, and simultaneously managing a large number of varying foreign operations as a result of distance, language, and cultural differences;
•   credit risk and higher levels of payment fraud;
•   profit repatriation restrictions, and foreign currency exchange restrictions;
•   geopolitical events, including natural disasters, acts of war and terrorism;
•   compliance with u.s. laws such as the foreign corrupt practices act, and local laws prohibiting corrupt payments to government officials;
•   antitrust and competition regulations;
•   potentially adverse tax developments;
•   trade barriers and changes in trade regulations;
•   political or social unrest, economic instability, repression, or human rights issues; and
•   risks related to other government regulation or required compliance with local laws.
violations of the rapidly evolving and complex foreign and u.s. laws and regulations that apply to our international operations may result in fines, criminal actions or sanctions against us, our officers or our employees, prohibitions on the conduct of our business and damage to our reputation. although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to promote compliance with these laws, there can be no assurance that our employees, contractors or agents will not violate our policies. these risks inherent in our international operations and expansion increase our costs of doing business internationally and may result in harm to our business, operating results, and financial condition.
legal and compliance risks legal and compliance risks arise from change in the government and regulatory environment, including complex and evolving regulations relating privacy and data security; potential litigation; regulatory inquiries and intellectual property infringement claims.
increased government regulation of our businesses, or changes to existing regulations, may harm our operating results.
the company is subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations that affect the company's activities, including, without limitation, areas of labor, advertising, tax, financial services, data privacy and security, digital content, consumer protection, real estate, billing, e-commerce, promotions, quality of services, intellectual property ownership and infringement, import and export requirements, anti-corruption, foreign exchange controls and cash repatriation restrictions, anti-competition, environmental, health and safety. there have been significant new regulations and heightened focus by the government on many of these areas, as well as in areas such as insurance and privacy. as we expand our products and services and revise our business models, both domestically and internationally, we may become subject to additional government regulation or increased regulatory scrutiny. further, regulators (both in the u.s. and in other jurisdictions in which we operate) may adopt new laws or regulations, change existing regulations, or their interpretation of existing laws or regulations may differ from ours.
the tax preparation industry continues to receive heightened attention from federal and state governments. new legislation, regulation, public policy considerations, changes in the cybersecurity environment, litigation by the government or private entities, changes to or new interpretations of existing laws may result in greater oversight of the tax preparation industry, restrict the types of products and services that we can offer or the prices we can charge, or otherwise cause us to change the way we operate our tax businesses or offer our tax products and services. we may not be able to respond quickly to such regulatory, legislative and other developments, and these changes may in turn increase our cost of doing business and limit our revenue opportunities. in addition, if our practices are not consistent with new interpretations of existing laws, we may become subject to lawsuits, penalties, and other liabilities that did not previously apply. we are also required to comply with a variety of state revenue agency standards in order to successfully operate our tax preparation and electronic filing services.
changes in state-imposed requirements by one or more of the states, including the required use of specific technologies or technology standards, may significantly increase the costs of providing those services to our customers and may prevent us from delivering a quality product to our customers in a timely manner.
we are also subject to certain laws and regulations in the u.s. and other jurisdictions relating to electronic funds transfer, money transmission, lending and other regulated activities. in the event laws governing regulated activities change or expand, we may be subject to additional compliance costs.
tables of contents complex and evolving u.s. and international laws and regulation regarding privacy and data protection could result in claims, changes to our business practices, penalties, increased cost of operations or otherwise harm our business.
regulations related to the provision of online services is evolving as federal, state and foreign governments continue to adopt new, or modify existing laws and regulations addressing data privacy and the collection, processing, storage, transfer and use of data. this includes, for example, the eu's new regulation, the general data protection regulation (gdpr) and the new california consumer protection act (ccpa), which will become effective on january 1, 2020. in our efforts to meet the gdpr, ccpa and other data privacy regulations, we have made and continue to make certain operational changes to our products and business practices. if we are unable to engineer products that meet these evolving requirements or help our customers meet their obligations under these or other new data regulations, we might experience reduced demand for our offerings. further, penalties for non-compliance with these laws may be significant.
in addition, there are global privacy treaties and frameworks that have created compliance uncertainty and increased complexity. for example, the european commission and the swiss government approved the eu-u.s. and swiss-u.s. privacy shield frameworks, respectively, that provide a mechanism for companies to legally transfer personal data from the eu and switzerland to the u.s. however, these frameworks as well as other personal data transfer mechanisms face a number of legal challenges, both by regulators and private parties. a change in these transfer mechanisms could cause us to incur costs or require us to change our business practices in a manner adverse to our business.
other governmental authorities throughout the u.s. and around the world are considering similar types of legislative and regulatory proposals concerning data protection. each of these privacy, security and data protection laws and regulations could impose significant limitations, require changes to our business, require notification to customers or workers of a security breach, restrict our use or storage of personal information, or cause changes in customer purchasing behavior which may make our business more costly, less efficient or impossible to conduct, and may require us to modify our current or future products or services, which may make customers less likely to purchase our products and may harm our future financial results. additionally, any actual or alleged noncompliance with these laws and regulations could result in negative publicity and subject us to investigations, claims or other remedies, including demands that we modify or cease existing business practices, and expose us to significant fines, penalties and other damages. we have incurred, and may continue to incur, significant expenses to comply with existing privacy and security standards and protocols imposed by law, regulation, industry standards or contractual obligations.
we are frequently a party to litigation and regulatory inquiries which could result in an unfavorable outcome and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operation and cash flows.
we are subject to various legal proceedings (including class action lawsuits), claims and regulatory inquiries that have arisen out of the ordinary conduct of our business and are not yet resolved and additional claims and inquiries may arise in the future. the number and significance of these claims and inquiries may increase as our businesses evolve. any proceedings, claims or inquiries initiated by or against us, whether successful or not, may be time consuming; result in costly litigation, damage awards, consent decrees, injunctive relief or increased costs of business; require us to change our business practices or products; require significant amounts of management time; result in diversion of significant operations resources; or otherwise harm our business and future financial results. for further information about specific litigation, see item 3, "legal proceedings".
we may become increasingly subject to infringement claims, including patent, copyright, trade secret, and trademark infringement claims. litigation may be necessary to determine the validity and scope of the intellectual property rights of others. we have received a number of allegations of intellectual property infringement claims in the past and expect to receive more claims in the future based on allegations that our offerings infringe upon the intellectual property held by third parties. some of these claims are the subject of pending litigation against us and against some of our customers. these claims may involve patent holding companies or other adverse intellectual property owners who have no relevant product revenues of their own, and against whom our own intellectual property may provide little or no deterrence. the ultimate outcome of any allegation is uncertain and, regardless of outcome, any such claim, with or without merit, may be time consuming to defend, result in costly litigation, divert management's time and attention from our business, require us to stop selling, delay shipping or redesign our products, or require us to pay monetary damages for royalty or licensing fees, or to satisfy indemnification obligations that we have with some of our customers. our failure to obtain necessary license or other rights, or litigation arising out of intellectual property claims may harm our business.
we are subject to risks associated with information disseminated through our services.
tables of contents of privacy, negligence, copyright or trademark infringement, or other theories based on the nature and content of the materials disseminated through the services. certain of our services include content generated by users of our online services. although this content is not generated by us, claims of defamation or other injury may be made against us for that content. any costs incurred as a result of this potential liability may harm our business.
financial risks financial risks relate to our ability to meet financial obligations and mitigate exposure to financial impacts to our businesses or our offerings. financial risks arise from the following: seasonality; excessive product returns; unanticipated changes in income tax rates; adverse global macro-economic conditions; credit risks; fluctuations in our net income; indebtedness; and the fluctuation of our stock price.
our tax business is highly seasonal and our quarterly results could fluctuate significantly.
our tax offerings have significant seasonal patterns. revenue from income tax preparation products and services is heavily concentrated during november through april. this seasonality has caused significant fluctuations in our quarterly financial results. our financial results may also fluctuate from quarter to quarter and year to year due to a variety of factors, including factors that may affect the timing of revenue recognition. these include changes to our offerings that result in the inclusion or exclusion of ongoing services; changes in product pricing strategies or product sales mix; the timing of the availability of federal and state tax forms from taxing agencies and the ability of those agencies to receive electronic tax return submissions; changes in customer behavior; and the timing of our discontinuation of support for older product offerings. other factors that may affect our quarterly or annual financial results include the timing of acquisitions, divestitures, and goodwill and acquired intangible asset impairment charges. any fluctuations in our operating results may adversely affect our stock price.
if actual customer refunds for our offerings exceed the amount we have reserved our future financial results may be harmed.
like many software companies we refund customers for product returns and subscription cancellations. we establish reserves against revenue in our financial statements based on estimated customer refunds. we closely monitor this refund activity in an effort to maintain adequate reserves. in the past, customer refunds have not differed significantly from these reserves. however, if we experience actual customer refunds that significantly exceed the amount we have reserved, it may result in lower net revenue.
unanticipated changes in our income tax rates or other indirect tax may affect our future financial results.
our future effective income tax rates may be favorably or unfavorably affected by unanticipated changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, by changes in our stock price, or by changes in tax laws or their interpretation, including the recently passed the tax cuts and jobs act (2017 tax act). the 2017 tax act introduces significant changes to u.s. income tax law. accounting for the income tax effects of the 2017 tax act requires significant judgments and estimates as well as accumulation of information not previously provided for in u.s. tax law. as additional regulatory guidance is issued by the applicable taxing authorities, our analysis may change, which could materially affect our tax obligations and effective tax rate. further, foreign governments may enact tax laws in response to the 2017 tax act that could result in further changes to global taxation and materially affect our financial position and results of operations. in addition, we are subject to the continuous examination of our income tax returns by the internal revenue service and other tax authorities. we regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. these continuous examinations may result in unforeseen tax-related liabilities, which may harm our future financial results.
an increasing number of states and foreign jurisdictions have adopted laws or administrative practices, that impose new taxes on all or a portion of gross revenue or other similar amounts or impose additional obligations to collect transaction taxes such as sales, consumption, value added, or similar taxes. we may not have sufficient lead time to build systems and processes to collect these taxes properly, or at all. failure to comply with such laws or administrative practices, or a successful assertion by such states or foreign jurisdictions requiring us to collect taxes where we do not, could result in tax liabilities, including for past sales, as well as penalties and interest.
adverse global economic conditions could harm our business and financial condition.
tables of contents card transaction processing volumes causing reductions in our payments revenue. poor economic conditions and high unemployment have caused, and could in the future cause, a significant decrease in the number of tax returns filed, which may have a significant effect on the number of tax returns we prepare and file. in addition, weakness in the end-user consumer and small business markets could negatively affect the cash flow of our distributors and resellers who could, in turn, delay paying their obligations to us, which could increase our credit risk exposure and cause delays in our recognition of revenue or future sales to these customers. any of these events could harm our business and our future financial results.
we provide capital to small businesses, which exposes us to credit risk, and may cause us material financial or reputational harm.
we provide capital to qualified small businesses, which exposes us to the risk of our borrowers' inability to repay such loans. further, our credit decisioning, pricing, loss forecasting and scoring models used to evaluate loan applications may contain errors or may not adequately assess creditworthiness of our borrowers, or may be otherwise ineffective, resulting in incorrect approvals or denials of loans. it is also possible that loan applicants could provide false or incorrect information. while we have not incurred any material losses to date, if any of the foregoing events were to occur, our reputation and relationships with borrowers, and our financial results, could be harmed.
amortization of acquired intangible assets and impairment charges may cause significant fluctuation in our net income.
our acquisitions have resulted in significant expenses, including amortization and impairment of acquired technology and other acquired intangible assets, and impairment of goodwill. total costs and expenses in these categories were $21 million in fiscal 2018; $14 million in fiscal 2017; and $34 million in fiscal 2016. although under current accounting rules goodwill is not amortized, we may incur impairment charges related to the goodwill already recorded and to goodwill arising out of future acquisitions. we test the impairment of goodwill annually in our fourth fiscal quarter or more frequently if indicators of impairment arise. the timing of the formal annual test may result in charges to our statement of operations in our fourth fiscal quarter that may not have been reasonably foreseen in prior periods. at july 31, 2018, we had $1.6 billion in goodwill and $61 million in net acquired intangible assets on our balance sheet, both of which may be subject to impairment charges in the future. new acquisitions, and any impairment of the value of acquired intangible assets, may have a significant negative impact on our future financial results.
we have $438 million in debt outstanding under the term loan and may incur other debt in the future, which may adversely affect our financial condition and future financial results.
on february 1, 2016, we entered into a master credit agreement with certain institutional lenders for a new five-year credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of $1.5 billion. the master credit agreement includes a $500 million unsecured term loan and a $1 billion unsecured revolving credit facility that will expire on february 1, 2021. as of july 31, 2018, $438 million was outstanding on the term loan and no amounts were outstanding under the revolving credit facility. we may use the proceeds of any advances against the credit facility for general corporate purposes, including future acquisitions and share repurchases.
this debt may adversely affect our financial condition and future financial results by, among other things:
•   increasing our vulnerability to downturns in our business, to competitive pressures and to adverse economic and industry conditions;
•   requiring the dedication of a portion of our expected cash from operations to service our indebtedness, thereby reducing the amount of expected cash flow available for other purposes, including capital expenditures and acquisitions; and
•   limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our businesses and our industries.
our current unsecured revolving credit facility imposes restrictions on us, including restrictions on our ability to create liens on our assets and the ability of our subsidiaries to incur indebtedness, and require us to maintain compliance with specified financial ratios. our ability to comply with these ratios may be affected by events beyond our control. in addition, our short- and long-term debt includes covenants that may adversely affect our ability to incur certain liens or engage in certain types of sale and leaseback transactions. if we breach any of the covenants under our short- and long-term debt or our unsecured revolving credit facility and do not obtain a waiver from the lenders, then, subject to applicable cure periods, any outstanding indebtedness may be declared immediately due and payable.
in addition, changes by any rating agency to our credit rating may negatively impact the value and liquidity of both our debt and equity securities. if our credit ratings are downgraded or other negative action is taken, the interest rate payable by us under our unsecured revolving credit facility may increase. in addition, any downgrades in our credit ratings may affect our ability to obtain additional financing in the future and may affect the terms of any such financing.
tables of contents we cannot guarantee that our share repurchase program will be fully consummated or that it will enhance long-term stockholder value.
we have a stock repurchase program under which we are authorized to repurchase our common stock. the repurchase programs do not have an expiration date and we are not obligated to repurchase a specified number or dollar value of shares. our repurchase programs may be suspended or terminated at any time and, even if fully implemented, may not enhance long-term stockholder value. also, the amount, timing, and execution of our stock repurchase programs may fluctuate based on our priorities for the use of cash for other purposes and because of changes in cash flows, tax laws, and the market price of our common stock.
our stock price may be volatile and your investment could lose value.
our stock price is subject to changes in recommendations or earnings estimates by financial analysts, changes in investors' or analysts' valuation measures for our stock, our credit ratings and market trends unrelated to our performance. furthermore, speculation in the press or investment community about our strategic position, financial condition, results of operations, business or security of our products, can cause changes in our stock price. these factors, as well as general economic and political conditions and the timing of announcements in the public market regarding new products, product enhancements or technological advances by our competitors or us, and any announcements by us of acquisitions, major transactions, or management changes may adversely affect our stock price. further, any changes in the amounts or frequency of share repurchases or dividends may also adversely affect our stock price. a significant drop in our stock price could expose us to the risk of securities class actions lawsuits, which may result in substantial costs and divert management's attention and resources, which may adversely affect our business.
item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (md&a) is intended to provide readers of our consolidated financial statements with the perspectives of management. this should allow the readers of this report to obtain a comprehensive understanding of our businesses, strategies, current trends, and future prospects. our md&a includes the following sections:
• executive overview: high level discussion of our operating results and some of the trends that affect our business.
• critical accounting policies and estimates: policies and estimates that we believe are important to understanding the assumptions and judgments underlying our financial statements.
• liquidity and capital resources: discussion of key aspects of our statements of cash flows, changes in our balance sheets, and our financial commitments.
you should note that this md&a contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. please see the section entitled "forward-looking statements" immediately preceding part 1 for important information to consider when evaluating such statements.
you should read this md&a in conjunction with the financial statements and related notes in item 8 of this annual report. in fiscal 2018 we acquired tsheets.com llc, exactor, inc., and applatix, inc. we have included their results of operations in our consolidated results of operations from the dates of acquisitions.
in august 2017, we aligned our segment reporting for fiscal 2018 with our core customers and business partners. the consumer ecosystem offering moved from the small business segment into the consumer tax segment. the company also renamed the small business, consumer tax, and proconnect segments as the small business & self-employed, consumer, and strategic partner segments, respectively. the strategic partner segment will continue to manage our professional tax offerings. we have reclassified certain amounts related to our reportable segments previously reported in our financial statements to conform to the current presentation. see note 14 to the financial statements in item 8 of this annual report for more information.
in fiscal 2016 we completed the sales of our demandforce, quickbase, and quicken businesses. we have reclassified our statements of operations for fiscal 2016 to reflect all of these businesses as discontinued operations. because the cash flows of these discontinued operations were not material , we have not segregated them on our statements of cash flows. see "results of operations - non-operating income and expense - discontinued operations" later in this item 7 for more information. unless otherwise noted, the following discussion pertains to our continuing operations.
executive overview this overview provides a high level discussion of our operating results and some of the trends that affect our business. we believe that an understanding of these trends is important in order to understand our financial results for fiscal 2018 as well as our future prospects. this summary is not intended to be exhaustive, nor is it a substitute for the detailed discussion and analysis provided elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k.
industry trends and seasonality industry trends the rapid expansion of cloud-based services is creating a more dynamic and highly competitive software industry. high availability and speed of service are reshaping customer expectations around the world. these shifts are accelerating product introductions and enhancements. among cloud-based service companies, free business models and micro-job solutions are also becoming more prevalent within the industry. personalization and data-driven insights, augmented by artificial intelligence and machine learning, are transforming the way that people manage their financial lives.
seasonality our consumer offerings have significant seasonal patterns. as a result, during each of the last three fiscal years the total consolidated revenue for our third quarter ended april 30 has represented nearly half of our annual total consolidated revenue for those years. we expect the seasonality of our consumer business to continue to have a significant impact on our quarterly financial results in the future.
tables of contents key challenges and risks our growth strategy depends upon our ability to initiate and embrace disruptive technology trends, to enter new markets, and to drive broad adoption of the products and services we develop and market. our future growth also increasingly depends on the strength of our third-party business relationships and our ability to continue to develop, maintain, and strengthen new and existing relationships. to remain competitive and continue to grow, we are investing significant resources in our product development, marketing, and sales capabilities, and we expect to continue to do so in the future.
as we offer more online services, the ongoing operation and availability of our platforms and systems and those of our external service providers is becoming increasingly important. because we help customers manage their financial lives, we face risks associated with the hosting, collection, use, and retention of personal customer information and data. we are investing significant management attention and resources in our information technology infrastructure and in our privacy and security capabilities, and we expect to continue to do so in the future.
for our consumer and professional tax offerings, we have implemented additional security measures and are continuing to work with state and federal governments to share information regarding suspicious filings. we continue to invest in security measures and to work with the broader industry and government to protect our customers against this type of fraud.
for a complete discussion of the most significant risks and uncertainties affecting our business, please see "forward-looking statements" immediately preceding part 1 and "risk factors" in item 1a of part i of this report.
overview of financial results the most important financial indicators that we use to assess our business are revenue growth for the company as a whole, for each reportable segment, and for product lines within each reportable segment; operating income growth and operating income margins for the company as a whole and for each reportable segment; earnings per share; and cash flow from operations. we also track certain non-financial drivers of revenue growth and, when material, identify them in the applicable discussions of segment results below. these non-financial drivers include, for example, customer growth and retention for all of our businesses. online service offerings are a significant part of our business. our total service and other revenue was $4.5 billion or 75% of our total revenue in fiscal 2018 and we expect our total service and other revenue to continue to grow in the future.
key highlights for fiscal 2018 include the following:
revenue of                small business &amp; self-employed revenue of   consumer revenue of
tables of contents critical accounting policies and estimates in preparing our consolidated financial statements in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (gaap), we are required to make estimates, assumptions, and judgments that can have a significant impact on our net revenue, operating income or loss and net income or loss, as well as on the value of certain assets and liabilities on our balance sheet. we believe that the estimates, assumptions, and judgments involved in the following accounting policies have the greatest potential impact on our consolidated financial statements, so we consider these to be our critical accounting policies:
•   revenue recognition
•   business combinations
•   goodwill, acquired intangible assets, and other long-lived assets - impairment assessments
•   accounting for share-based compensation plans
•   accounting for income taxes - estimates of deferred taxes, valuation allowances, and uncertain tax positions our senior management has reviewed the development and selection of these critical accounting policies and their disclosure in this annual report on form 10-k with the audit and risk committee of our board of directors.
revenue recognition we derive revenue from the sale of software subscriptions, hosted services, packaged software products, financial supplies, technical support plans, transaction fees, merchant services hardware, and multiple element arrangements that may include a combination of these items. we follow the appropriate revenue recognition rules for each type of revenue. for additional information, see "revenue recognition" in note 1 to the financial statements in item 8 of this annual report. we generally recognize revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, we have delivered the product or performed the service, the fee is fixed or determinable and collectibility is probable. however, determining whether and when some of these criteria have been satisfied often involves exercising judgment and using estimates that can have a significant impact on the timing and amount of revenue we report. for example, for multiple element arrangements containing only software and software-related elements, we must exercise judgment and use estimates in order to (1) allocate the total price among the various elements we must deliver; (2) determine whether undelivered services are essential to the functionality of the delivered products and services; (3) determine whether vendor-specific evidence of fair value exists for each undelivered element; and (4) determine whether and when each element has been delivered. for multiple element arrangements containing non-software elements, we must exercise judgment and use estimates in order to (1) determine whether and when each element has been delivered; (2) determine the fair value of each element using the selling price hierarchy of vendor-specific evidence of fair value (vsoe) if available, third-party evidence (tpe) if vsoe is not available, and estimated selling price (esp) if neither vsoe nor tpe is available; and (3) allocate the total price among the various elements based on the relative selling price method. if we were to change any of these judgments or estimates, it could cause a material increase or decrease in the amount of revenue that we report in a particular period. amounts for fees collected or invoiced and due relating to arrangements where revenue cannot be recognized are reflected on our balance sheet as deferred revenue and recognized when the applicable revenue recognition criteria are satisfied.
business combinations as described in "description of business and summary of significant accounting policies - business combinations," in note 1 to the financial statements in item 8 of this annual report, under the acquisition method of accounting we generally recognize the identifiable assets acquired, the liabilities assumed, and any noncontrolling interests in an acquiree at their fair values as of the date of acquisition. we measure goodwill as the excess of consideration transferred, which we also measure at fair value, over the net of the acquisition date fair values of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed. the acquisition method of accounting requires us to exercise judgment and make significant estimates and assumptions regarding the fair values of the elements of a business combination as of the date of acquisition, including the fair values of identifiable intangible assets, deferred tax asset valuation allowances, liabilities related to uncertain tax positions, and contingencies. this method also requires us to refine these estimates over a one-year measurement period to reflect new information obtained about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date that, if known, would have affected the measurement of the amounts recognized as of that date. if we are required to retroactively adjust provisional amounts that we have recorded for the fair values of assets and liabilities in connection with acquisitions, these adjustments could materially decrease our operating income and net income and result in lower asset values on our balance sheet.
significant estimates and assumptions that we must make in estimating the fair value of acquired technology, customer lists, and other identifiable intangible assets include future cash flows that we expect to generate from the acquired assets. if the subsequent actual results and updated projections of the underlying business activity change compared with the assumptions and projections used to develop these values, we could record impairment charges. in addition, we have estimated the economic lives of certain acquired assets and these lives are used to calculate depreciation and amortization expense. if our estimates of the economic lives change, depreciation or amortization expenses could be accelerated or slowed.
tables of contents goodwill, acquired intangible assets and other long-lived assets - impairment assessments we estimate the fair value of acquired intangible assets and other long-lived assets that have finite useful lives whenever an event or change in circumstances indicates that the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable. we test for potential impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets that have indefinite useful lives annually in our fourth fiscal quarter or whenever indicators of impairment arise. the timing of the annual test may result in charges to our statement of operations in our fourth fiscal quarter that could not have been reasonably foreseen in prior periods.
as described in "description of business and summary of significant accounting policies - goodwill, acquired intangible assets and other long-lived assets," in note 1 to the financial statements in item 8 of this annual report, in order to estimate the fair value of goodwill we use a weighted combination of a discounted cash flow model (known as the income approach) and comparisons to publicly traded companies engaged in similar businesses (known as the market approach). the income approach requires us to use a number of assumptions, including market factors specific to the business, the amount and timing of estimated future cash flows to be generated by the business over an extended period of time, long-term growth rates for the business, and a rate of return that considers the relative risk of achieving the cash flows and the time value of money. we evaluate cash flows at the reporting unit level. although the assumptions we use in our discounted cash flow model are consistent with the assumptions we use to generate our internal strategic plans and forecasts, significant judgment is required to estimate the amount and timing of future cash flows from each reporting unit and the relative risk of achieving those cash flows. when using the market approach, we make judgments about the comparability of publicly traded companies engaged in similar businesses. we base our judgments on factors such as size, growth rates, profitability, risk, and return on investment. we also make judgments when adjusting market multiples of revenue, operating income, and earnings for these companies to reflect their relative similarity to our own businesses. we had a total of $1.6 billion in goodwill on our balance sheet at july 31, 2018. see note 5 to the financial statements in item 8 of this annual report for a summary of goodwill by reportable segment.
we estimate the recoverability of acquired intangible assets and other long-lived assets that have finite useful lives by comparing the carrying amount of the asset to the future undiscounted cash flows that we expect the asset to generate. in order to estimate the fair value of those assets, we estimate the present value of future cash flows from those assets. the key assumptions that we use in our discounted cash flow model are the amount and timing of estimated future cash flows to be generated by the asset over an extended period of time and a rate of return that considers the relative risk of achieving the cash flows and the time value of money. significant judgment is required to estimate the amount and timing of future cash flows and the relative risk of achieving those cash flows. we also make judgments about the remaining useful lives of acquired intangible assets and other long-lived assets that have finite lives. we had a total of $61 million in net acquired intangible assets on our balance sheet at july 31, 2018.
assumptions and estimates about future values and remaining useful lives are complex and often subjective. they can be affected by a variety of factors, including external factors such as industry and economic trends, and internal factors such as changes in our business strategy and our internal forecasts. for example, if our future operating results do not meet current forecasts or if we experience a sustained decline in our market capitalization that is determined to be indicative of a reduction in fair value of one or more of our reporting units, we may be required to record future impairment charges for goodwill and acquired intangible assets. impairment charges could materially decrease our future net income and result in lower asset values on our balance sheet.
during the fourth quarters of fiscal 2018, fiscal 2017, and fiscal 2016 we performed our annual goodwill impairment tests. using the methodology described in "description of business and summary of significant accounting policies - goodwill, acquired intangible assets and other long-lived assets," in note 1 to the financial statements in item 8 of this annual report, we determined that the estimated fair values of all of our reporting units exceeded their carrying values and that they were not impaired. in addition, during this analysis we concluded that the estimated fair values of all of our reporting units substantially exceeded their carrying values.
accounting for share-based compensation plans at july 31, 2018, there was $882 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested share-based compensation arrangements granted under all equity compensation plans which we will amortize to expense in the future. we expect to recognize that cost over a weighted average vesting period of 2.7 years.
tables of contents service periods of the awards, which are generally the vesting periods. we may elect to use different assumptions under our option valuation model in the future, which could materially affect our net income or loss and net income or loss per share.
restricted stock units (rsus) granted typically vest based on continued service. we value these time-based rsus at the date of grant using the intrinsic value method. we amortize the fair value of time-based rsus on a straight-line basis over the service period. certain rsus granted to senior management vest based on the achievement of pre-established performance or market goals. we estimate the fair value of performance-based rsus at the date of grant using the intrinsic value method and the probability that the specified performance criteria will be met. each quarter we update our assessment of the probability that the specified performance criteria will be achieved and adjust our estimate of the fair value of the performance-based rsus if necessary. we amortize the fair values of performance-based rsus over the requisite service period for each separately vesting tranche of the award. we estimate the fair value of market-based rsus at the date of grant using a monte carlo valuation methodology and amortize those fair values over the requisite service period for each separately vesting tranche of the award. the monte carlo methodology that we use to estimate the fair value of market-based rsus at the date of grant incorporates into the valuation the possibility that the market condition may not be satisfied. provided that the requisite service is rendered, the total fair value of the market-based rsus at the date of grant must be recognized as compensation expense even if the market condition is not achieved. however, the number of shares that ultimately vest can vary significantly with the performance of the specified market criteria. all of the rsus we grant have dividend rights that are subject to the same vesting requirements as the underlying equity awards, so we do not adjust the intrinsic (market) value of our rsus for dividends. see note 11 to the financial statements in item 8 of this annual report for more information.
legal contingencies we are subject to certain legal proceedings, as well as demands, claims and threatened litigation that arise in the normal course of our business. we review the status of each significant matter quarterly and assess our potential financial exposure. if the potential loss from any claim or legal proceeding is considered probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated, we record a liability and an expense for the estimated loss. if we determine that a loss is possible and the range of the loss can be reasonably determined, then we disclose the range of the possible loss. significant judgment is required in the determination of whether a potential loss is probable, reasonably possible, or remote as well as in the determination of whether a potential exposure is reasonably estimable. our accruals are based on the best information available at the time. as additional information becomes available, we reassess the potential liability related to our pending claims and litigation and may revise our estimates. potential legal liabilities and the revision of estimates of potential legal liabilities could have a material impact on our financial position and results of operations.
accounting for income taxes - estimates of deferred taxes, valuation allowances, and uncertain tax positions we estimate our income taxes based on the various jurisdictions where we conduct business. significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide income tax provision. the calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax rules and the potential for future adjustment of our uncertain tax positions by the united states internal revenue service or other taxing jurisdictions. we estimate our current tax liability and assess temporary differences that result from differing treatments of certain items for tax and accounting purposes. these differences result in deferred tax assets and liabilities, which we show on our balance sheet. we must then assess the likelihood that our deferred tax assets will be realized. to the extent we believe that realization is not likely, we establish a valuation allowance. when we establish a valuation allowance or increase this allowance in an accounting period, we record a corresponding tax expense in our statement of operations.
at july 31, 2018, we had net deferred tax assets of $80 million which included a valuation allowance of $93 million for loss and tax credit carryforwards related to state research and experimentation tax credits, foreign losses, and state operating and capital losses. we recorded the valuation allowance to reflect uncertainties about whether we will be able to utilize some of our deferred tax assets before they expire. while we believe our current valuation allowance is sufficient, we could in the future be required to increase the valuation allowance to take into account additional deferred tax assets that we may be unable to realize. we assess the need for an adjustment to the valuation allowance on a quarterly basis. the assessment is based on our estimates of future sources of taxable income for the jurisdictions in which we operate and the periods over which our deferred tax assets will be realizable. see note 10 to the financial statements in item 8 of this annual report for more information.
we recognize and measure benefits for uncertain tax positions using a two-step approach. the first step is to evaluate the tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained upon audit, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes. for tax positions that are more likely than not of being sustained upon audit, the second step is to measure the tax benefit as the largest amount that is more than 50% likely of being realized upon settlement. significant judgment is required to evaluate uncertain tax positions. we evaluate our uncertain tax positions on a quarterly basis. our evaluations are based upon a number of factors, including changes in facts or circumstances, changes in tax law, correspondence with tax authorities during the course of audits and effective settlement of audit issues. changes in the recognition or measurement of uncertain tax positions could result in material increases or decreases in our income tax expense in the period in which we make the change, which could have a material impact on our effective tax rate and operating results.
tables of contents the tax cuts and jobs act significantly changes existing u.s. tax law and includes numerous provisions that affect our business. see note 10 to the financial statements in item 8 of this annual report for more information.
results of operations financial overview
(dollars in millions, except per share amounts)                   fiscal2018               fiscal2017                 fiscal         2018-2017% change         2017-2016% change
fiscal 2018 compared with fiscal 2017
total net revenue increased $787 million or 15% in fiscal 2018 compared with fiscal 2017. our small business & self-employed segment revenue increased 18% due to growth in the online ecosystem driven by customer acquisition. our consumer segment revenue increased 14% due to a higher average revenue per customer, growth in turbotax federal units, and a shift in mix to our higher end product offerings. see "segment results" later in this item 7 for more information.
operating income from continuing operations increased 7% in fiscal 2018 compared with fiscal 2017. the increase was due to the higher revenue described above partially offset by higher costs for staffing, advertising and other marketing programs, outside services, and share-based compensation. we also recorded a $79 million loss related to the sale of our data center in quincy, washington in the 2018 period.
net income from continuing operations increased 25% in fiscal 2018 compared with fiscal 2017 due to the increase in operating income described above and a lower effective tax rate in fiscal 2018 as a result of the tax cuts and jobs act (2017 tax act). the net income for fiscal 2018 includes tax benefits related to share-based compensation and the reorganization of a subsidiary during the year which were partially offset by a charge related to the re-measurement of our deferred tax asset balances as a result of the enactment of the 2017 tax act. see note 10 to the financial statements in item 8 of this annual report for more information. diluted net income per share increased 25% to $4.64, in line with the increase in net income.
fiscal 2017 compared with fiscal 2016
total net revenue increased $483 million or 10% in fiscal 2017 compared with fiscal 2016. revenue in our small business & self-employed segment increased 13% due to growth in online ecosystem revenue and the impact of the changes to our quickbooks desktop software products. starting with the release of quickbooks 2015 in the first quarter of fiscal 2015, and for all subsequent versions, we began delivering ongoing enhancements and certain connected services for our quickbooks desktop software products. we plan to continue to provide ongoing enhancements and certain connected services for all future versions of these offerings. as a result of these changes, we recognize revenue for these quickbooks desktop software products as services are provided over approximately three years. revenue in our consumer segment increased 9% due to growth in turbotax federal units and a shift in mix to the higher end of our product lineup. revenue in our strategic partner segment increased 2% to $437 million in fiscal 2017. see "segment results" later in this item 7 for more information.
operating income from continuing operations increased 12% in fiscal 2017 compared with fiscal 2016 due to the increase in revenue described above. higher revenue was partially offset by higher costs and expenses for staffing, advertising and other marketing programs, and share-based compensation. see "operating expenses" later in this item 7 for more information.
net income from continuing operations increased 20% in fiscal 2017 compared with fiscal 2016 due to the increase in operating income and a lower effective tax rate in the fiscal 2017 period. see "non-operating income and expenses - income taxes" later in this item 7 for more information. diluted net income per share from continuing operations for fiscal 2017 increased 22% to $3.72 as a result of the increase in net income and the decline in weighted average diluted common shares compared with fiscal 2016.
tables of contents segment results the information below is organized in accordance with our three reportable segments. all of our segments operate and sell to customers primarily in the united states. international total net revenue was less than 5% of consolidated total net revenue for all periods presented.
segment operating income is segment net revenue less segment cost of revenue and operating expenses. segment expenses do not include certain costs, such as corporate selling and marketing, product development, general and administrative expenses and share-based compensation expenses, which are not allocated to specific segments. these unallocated costs totaled $1.62 billion in fiscal 2018, $1.32 billion in fiscal 2017, and $1.18 billion in fiscal 2016. unallocated costs increased in fiscal 2018 compared with fiscal 2017 and in fiscal 2017 compared with fiscal 2016 due to increased corporate product development and selling and marketing expenses in support of the growth of our businesses and higher share-based compensation expenses. segment expenses also do not include amortization of acquired technology, amortization of other acquired intangible assets, and goodwill and intangible asset impairment charges. see note 14 to the financial statements in item 8 of this annual report for reconciliations of total segment operating income to consolidated operating income from continuing operations for each fiscal year presented.
tables of contents small business &amp; self-employed small business & self-employed segment product revenue is derived primarily from quickbooks desktop software products, including desktop pro, desktop for mac, desktop premier, and enterprise; quickbooks basic payroll and quickbooks enhanced payroll; quickbooks point of sale solutions; proadvisor program memberships for the accounting professionals who serve small businesses; and financial supplies.
small business & self-employed segment service and other revenue is derived primarily from our quickbooks online and quickbooks self-employed financial and business management offerings; quickbooks desktop pro plus, quickbooks desktop premier plus, and quickbooks enterprise with hosting, our subscription offerings; quickbooks enterprise term licenses and quickbooks technical support plans; small business payroll services, including quickbooks online payroll, intuit online payroll, quickbooks assisted payroll, and intuit full service payroll; and payment processing services for small businesses.
(dollars in millions)            fiscal2018           fiscal2017              fiscal         2018-2017% change         2017-2016% change
fiscal 2018 compared with fiscal 2017
revenue for our small business & self-employed segment increased $455 million or 18% in fiscal 2018 compared with fiscal 2017. the increase was primarily due to growth in online ecosystem revenue.
online ecosystem online ecosystem revenue increased $340 million or 40% in fiscal 2018 compared with fiscal 2017. the revenue growth was driven by customer acquisition. at july 31, 2018 quickbooks online subscribers were 3.4 million, up 43% compared to july 31, 2017. online services revenue increased 24% due to customer growth in online payroll and payments.
desktop ecosystem desktop ecosystem revenue increased $115 million or 7% in fiscal 2018 compared with fiscal 2017, driven by growth in quickbooks enterprise subscribers and average revenue per customer. quickbooks desktop units declined 15%.
small business & self-employed segment operating income increased 17% in fiscal 2018 compared with fiscal 2017 due to the higher revenue described above which was partially offset by higher expenses for staffing, advertising, and other marketing programs.
tables of contents fiscal 2017 compared with fiscal 2016
revenue for our small business & self-employed segment increased $318 million or 14% in fiscal 2017 compared with fiscal 2016. the increase was primarily due to growth in online ecosystem revenue.
online ecosystem online ecosystem revenue increased $196 million or 30% in fiscal 2017 compared with fiscal 2016. the revenue growth was driven by customer acquisition. at july 31, 2017 quickbooks online subscribers were 2.4 million, up 58% compared to july 31, 2016. online services revenue increased 17% due to customer growth in online payroll and payments.
desktop ecosystem desktop ecosystem revenue increased $122 million or 8% in fiscal 2017 compared with fiscal 2016. in fiscal 2017, revenue from our quickbooks desktop software products and quickbooks desktop subscriptions increased 32% due to the impact of changes to our quickbooks desktop software products described in "financial overview" above, and to growth in quickbooks enterprise subscribers and average revenue per customer. quickbooks desktop units declined 8%.
small business & self-employed segment operating income increased 22% in fiscal 2017 compared with fiscal 2016 due to the higher revenue described above which was partially offset by higher expenses for staffing, advertising and other marketing programs, and outside services.
tables of contents consumer consumer segment product revenue is derived primarily from turbotax desktop tax return preparation software.
consumer segment service and other revenue is derived primarily from turbotax online tax return preparation services and electronic tax filing services, and also from our mint and turbo offerings.
2018             2017             2016          % change         % change product revenue                  $237                $                $
fiscal 2018 compared with fiscal 2017
revenue for our consumer segment increased $316 million or 14% in fiscal 2018 compared with fiscal 2017 due to a higher average revenue per customer, a 4% growth in turbotax federal units, and a shift in mix to our higher end product offerings.
consumer segment operating income increased 14% in fiscal 2018 compared with fiscal 2017 due to the higher revenue described above which was partially offset by higher expenses including staffing, advertising, and other marketing programs.
fiscal 2017 compared with fiscal 2016
revenue for our consumer segment increased $156 million or 8% in fiscal 2017 compared with fiscal 2016 due to 2% growth in turbotax federal units and a shift in mix to the higher end of our product lineup.
consumer segment operating income increased 7% in fiscal 2017 compared with fiscal 2016 due to the higher revenue described above which was partially offset by higher expenses for advertising and other marketing programs and staffing.
tables of contents strategic partner strategic partner segment product revenue is derived primarily from lacerte, proseries, and profile desktop tax preparation software products.
strategic partner segment service and other revenue is derived primarily from proconnect tax online tax return preparation, bank products, and related services that complement the tax return preparation process.
2018              2017              2016         % change         % change product revenue                $371              $362              $354
fiscal 2018 compared with fiscal 2017
revenue for our strategic partner segment increased $16 million or 4% in fiscal 2018 compared with fiscal 2017 primarily due to a higher average revenue per customer.
strategic partner segment operating income increased 6% in fiscal 2018 primarily due to the higher revenue described above and relatively stable spending.
fiscal 2017 compared with fiscal 2016
revenue for our strategic partner segment increased $9 million or 2% in fiscal 2017 compared with fiscal 2016. during fiscal 2017 we made a strategic decision to focus less on price increases and more on customer retention by delivering awesome products and a valuable end to end experience. this resulted in slower revenue growth in fiscal 2017 than we have experienced historically.
strategic partner segment operating income decreased 2% in fiscal 2017 compared with fiscal 2016 due to higher staffing expenses which more than offset the higher revenue described above.
amortization of acquired technology          15                   n/a                        12                  n/a                        22                  n/a total cost of revenue                      $977                    16           %          $809                   16           %          $752                   16           %
our cost of revenue has three components: (1) cost of product revenue, which includes the direct costs of manufacturing and shipping or electronically downloading our desktop software products; (2) cost of service and other revenue, which reflects direct costs associated with providing services, including data center and support costs related to delivering online services; and (3) amortization of acquired technology, which represents the cost of amortizing developed technologies that we have obtained through acquisitions over their useful lives.
cost of product revenue as a percentage of product revenue was consistent across all periods presented. we expense costs of product revenue as they are incurred for delivered software and we do not defer any of these costs when product revenue is deferred.
selling and marketing                                 $1,634                     27            %          $1,420                         %                   $1,289                         %
research and development                               1,186                     20            %             998                    19   %                      881                    19   %
amortization of other acquired intangible assets           6                      -            %               2            -            %                       12            -            %
fiscal 2018 compared with fiscal 2017
total operating expenses as a percentage of total net revenue increased slightly in fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017. total net revenue increased $787 million or 15% and total operating expenses increased $517 million or 17%. the increase in operating expenses was primarily driven by $193 million for higher staffing expenses due to higher headcount, $127 million for advertising and other marketing programs, and $49 million for outside services. general and administrative expenses in the fiscal 2018 period include a $79 million loss related to the sale of our data center in quincy, washington.
fiscal 2017 compared with fiscal 2016
total operating expenses as a percentage of total net revenue decreased slightly in fiscal 2017 compared to fiscal 2016. total net revenue increased $483 million or 10% and total operating expenses increased $273 million or 10%. the increase in operating expenses was primarily driven by $152 million for higher staffing expenses due to higher headcount, $85 million for advertising and other marketing programs, and $48 million for share-based compensation expenses. share-based compensation expenses have been increasing over time because the total fair value of our share-based awards has generally been increasing.
non-operating income and expenses interest expense interest expense of $20 million in fiscal 2018 consisted primarily of interest on our unsecured term loan and unsecured revolving credit facility. interest expense of $31 million in fiscal 2017 consisted primarily of interest on our senior notes, unsecured term loan, and unsecured revolving credit facility. interest expense of $35 million in fiscal 2016 consisted primarily of interest on our senior notes, unsecured term loan, and unsecured revolving credit facilities. see note 8 and note 9 to the financial statements in item 8 of this annual report for more information.
net gain on executive deferred compensation plan assets (1)           7         7                    -
(1) in accordance with authoritative guidance, we record gains and losses associated with executive deferred compensation plan assets in interest and other income and gains and losses associated with the related liabilities in operating expenses. the total amounts recorded in operating expenses for each period are approximately equal to the total amounts recorded in interest and other income in those periods.
income taxes effective tax rate the tax cuts and jobs act (2017 tax act) was enacted on december 22, 2017 and reduces the u.s. statutory federal corporate tax rate from 35% to 21%. the effective date of the tax rate change was january 1, 2018. the change resulted in a blended lower u.s. statutory federal rate of 26.9% for fiscal year 2018. as a result, we adjusted our annual effective tax rate for the year ended july 31, 2018, as well as adjusted our u.s. net deferred tax asset balance at the lower rates.
our effective tax rates for fiscal 2018, fiscal 2017, and fiscal 2016 were approximately 19%, 29%, and 33%. excluding the tax benefits related to share-based compensation, the reorganization of a subsidiary, and the charge related to the re-measurement of our deferred tax asset balances, our effective tax rate for fiscal 2018 was approximately 26% and did not differ significantly from the federal statutory rate of 26.9%. excluding the share-based compensation tax benefits, our effective tax rate for fiscal 2017 was approximately 34% and did not differ significantly from the federal statutory rate of 35%. see note 10 to the financial statements in item 8 of this annual report for more information about our effective tax rates.
net deferred tax assets at july 31, 2018, we had net deferred tax assets of $80 million which included a valuation allowance of $93 million for loss and tax credit carryforwards related to state research and experimentation tax credits, foreign losses, and state operating and capital losses. we recorded the valuation allowance to reflect uncertainties about whether we will be able to utilize some of our deferred tax assets before they expire. while we believe our current valuation allowance is sufficient, we could in the future be required to increase the valuation allowance to take into account additional deferred tax assets that we may be unable to realize. we assess the need for an adjustment to the valuation allowance on a quarterly basis. the assessment is based on our estimates of future sources of taxable income for the jurisdictions in which we operate and the periods over which our deferred tax assets will be realizable. see "critical accounting policies and estimates" earlier in this item 7 and note 10 to the financial statements in item 8 of this annual report for more information.
discontinued operations in the third quarter of fiscal 2016 we sold our demandforce, quickbase, and quicken businesses for $463 million in cash. we recorded a pre-tax gain of $354 million and a net gain of $173 million on the disposal of these three businesses in fiscal 2016. we have reclassified our statements of operations for all periods presented to reflect these businesses as discontinued operations. see note 7 to the financial statements in item 8 of this annual report for a more complete description of these discontinued operations and the impact that they have had on our statements of operations for the fiscal periods presented.
tables of contents liquidity and capital resources overview at july 31, 2018, our cash, cash equivalents and investments totaled $1.7 billion, an increase of $939 million from july 31, 2017 due to the factors described in "statements of cash flows" below. our primary sources of liquidity have been cash from operations, which entails the collection of accounts receivable for products and services, and borrowings under our credit facilities. in fiscal 2018 our u.s. statutory tax rate decreased from 35% to 26.9% as a result of the tax cuts and jobs act, which increased our cash from operations. our primary uses of cash have been for research and development programs, selling and marketing activities, capital projects, acquisitions of businesses, debt service costs and debt repayment, repurchases of our common stock under our stock repurchase programs, and the payment of cash dividends. as discussed in "executive overview - industry trends and seasonality" earlier in this item 7, our business is subject to significant seasonality. the balance of our cash, cash equivalents and investments generally fluctuates with that seasonal pattern. we believe the seasonality of our business is likely to continue in the future.
the following table summarizes selected measures of our liquidity and capital resources at the dates indicated:
(dollars in millions)                                  july 31,             july 31,            $change          %change
cash, cash equivalents and investments              $1,716                 $777               $939             121     %
long-term investments                                   13                   31                (18    )        (58    )%
working capital (deficit)                              288                 (529    )   817                    (154    )%
ratio of current assets to current liabilities     1.1 : 1              0.7 : 1
we have historically generated significant cash from operations and we expect to continue to do so during fiscal 2019. our cash, cash equivalents, and investments totaled $1.7 billion at july 31, 2018, none of those funds were restricted, and approximately 87% of those funds were located in the u.s. our unsecured revolving credit facility is available to us for general corporate purposes, including future acquisitions and share repurchases. at july 31, 2018, no amounts were outstanding under the revolving credit facility. see note 8 to the financial statements in item 8 of this annual report for more information.
we evaluate, on an ongoing basis, the merits of acquiring technology or businesses, or establishing strategic relationships with and investing in other companies. our strong liquidity profile enables us to respond nimbly to these kinds of opportunities.
based on past performance and current expectations, we believe that our cash and cash equivalents, investments, and cash generated from operations will be sufficient to meet anticipated seasonal working capital needs, capital expenditure requirements, contractual obligations, commitments, debt service requirements, and other liquidity requirements associated with our operations for at least the next 12 months. we expect to return excess cash generated by operations to our stockholders through repurchases of our common stock and payment of cash dividends, after taking into account our operating and strategic cash needs.
statements of cash flows the following table summarizes selected items from our statements of cash flows for fiscal 2018, fiscal 2017, and fiscal 2016. see the financial statements in item 8 of this annual report for complete statements of cash flows for those periods.
operating activities                                       $2,112               $1,599               $1,460
investing activities                                         (532    )             (85    )             371
financing activities                                         (634    )          (1,632    )          (1,999    )
effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents         (11    )               9                   (2    )
tables of contents repurchase programs, $363 million for the acquisitions of businesses net of cash acquired, and $124 million for capital expenditures.
during fiscal 2017 we generated $1.6 billion in cash from operations. we also received $190 million in cash from net sales of investments, $150 million from borrowings under our revolving credit facility, and $73 million from the net issuance of common stock under employee stock plans. during the same period we used $662 million in cash for the repayment of debt and amounts outstanding under our revolving credit facility, $839 million for the repurchase of shares of our common stock under our stock repurchase programs, $353 million for the payment of cash dividends, and $230 million for capital expenditures.
during fiscal 2016 we generated $1.5 billion in cash from operations. we also received $500 million in proceeds from our term loan, $463 million from the sales of our demandforce, quickbase, and quicken businesses, $418 million from net sales of investments, and $89 million in cash from the issuance of common stock under employee stock plans. during the same period we used $2.3 billion in cash for the repurchase of shares of our common stock under our stock repurchase programs, $318 million for the payment of cash dividends, and $522 million for capital expenditures, including the purchase of certain previously leased facilities.
stock repurchase programs and dividends on common stock as described in note 11 to the financial statements in item 8 of this annual report, during fiscal 2018, fiscal 2017, and fiscal 2016 we continued to repurchase shares of our common stock under a series of repurchase programs that our board of directors has authorized. at july 31, 2018, we had authorization from our board of directors to expend up to an additional $1.2 billion for stock repurchases. on august 21, 2018 our board approved a new stock repurchase program under which we are authorized to repurchase up to an additional $2 billion of our common stock, bringing the total authorization to $3.2 billion.
during fiscal 2018, fiscal 2017, and fiscal 2016 we also continued to pay quarterly cash dividends on shares of our outstanding common stock. in august 2018 our board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.47 per share of outstanding common stock payable on october 18, 2018 to stockholders of records at the close of business on october 10, 2018. we currently expect to continue paying comparable cash dividends on a quarterly basis; however, future declarations of dividends and the establishment of future record dates and payment dates are subject to the final determination of our board of directors.
business combinations during fiscal 2018 we acquired all of the outstanding equity interests of tsheets.com llc, exactor, inc., and applatix, inc. for total combined cash and other consideration of approximately $412 million. the $412 million included approximately $27 million for the fair value of equity awards and other cash consideration that is being charged to expense over the future service period of up to three years. these three businesses became part of our small business & self-employed segment and will provide additional features to our quickbooks offerings such as automated time tracking and scheduling and the calculation and filing of sales and use taxes. we have included their results of operations in our consolidated results of operations from the dates of acquisition. their results of operations for all periods presented and periods prior to the dates of acquisition were not material when compared with our consolidated results of operations. see note 6 to the financial statements in item 8 of this annual report for more information.
credit facility on february 1, 2016 we entered into a master credit agreement with certain institutional lenders for a five-year credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of $1.5 billion. the master credit agreement includes a $500 million unsecured term loan and a $1 billion unsecured revolving credit facility that will expire on february 1, 2021. under the master credit agreement we may, subject to certain customary conditions, on one or more occasions increase commitments under the revolving credit facility in an amount not to exceed $250 million in the aggregate and may extend the maturity date up to two times. advances under the revolving credit facility accrue interest at rates that are equal to, at our election, either bank of america's alternate base rate plus a margin that ranges from 0.0% to 0.5% or the london interbank offered rate (libor) plus a margin that ranges from 0.9% to 1.5%. actual margins under either election will be based on our senior debt credit ratings. at july 31, 2018, no amounts were outstanding under the revolving credit facility. we monitor counterparty risk associated with the institutional lenders that are providing the credit facility. we currently believe that the credit facility will be available to us should we choose to borrow under it.
under the master credit agreement, we borrowed $500 million in the form of an unsecured term loan on february 1, 2016. we may, subject to certain customary conditions, on one or more occasions increase commitments under the term loan in an amount not to exceed $500 million in the aggregate. the term loan accrues interest at rates that are equal to, at our election, either bank of america's alternate base rate plus a margin that ranges from 0.125% to 0.875% or libor plus a margin that ranges from 1.125% to 1.875%. actual margins under either election will be based on our senior debt credit ratings. the term loan is subject to quarterly principal payments of 2.5% of the loan amount which began in july 2017, with the balance payable on february 1, 2021. at july 31, 2018, $438 million was outstanding under the term loan.
tables of contents the master credit agreement includes customary affirmative and negative covenants, including financial covenants that require us to maintain a ratio of total debt to annual earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (ebitda) of not greater than 3.25 to 1.00 as of any date and a ratio of annual ebitda to annual interest expense of not less than 3.00 to 1.00 as of the last day of each fiscal quarter. we remained in compliance with these covenants at all times during the quarter ended july 31, 2018.
cash held by foreign subsidiaries our cash, cash equivalents and investments totaled $1.7 billion at july 31, 2018. approximately 13% of those funds were held by our foreign subsidiaries and subject to repatriation tax considerations. these foreign funds were located primarily in canada and india. as a result of the tax cuts and jobs act we do not expect to pay incremental u.s. taxes on repatriation. we have recorded income tax expense for canada and india withholding and distribution taxes on earnings that are not permanently reinvested. in the event that funds from foreign operations are repatriated to the united states, we would pay withholding or distribution taxes at that time.
off-balance sheet arrangements at july 31, 2018, we did not have any significant off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined in item 303(a)(4)(ii) of regulation s-k.
(1)   in may 2009 we entered into an agreement to license certain technology for $20 million in cash and $100 million payable over ten fiscal years. see note 9 to the financial statements in item 8 of this annual report for more information.
(2)   includes operating leases for facilities and equipment. amounts do not include $73 million of future sublease income. we had no significant capital leases at july 31, 2018. see note 9 to the financial statements in item 8 of this annual report for more information.
(3)   represents agreements to purchase products and services that are enforceable, legally binding and specify terms, including: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the payments.
(4)   other long-term obligations on our balance sheet at july 31, 2018 included long-term income tax liabilities of $61 million which related primarily to unrecognized tax benefits. we have not included this amount in the table above because we cannot make a reasonably reliable estimate regarding the timing of settlements with taxing authorities, if any.
recent accounting pronouncements for a description of recent accounting pronouncements and the potential impact of these pronouncements on our consolidated financial statements, see note 1 to the financial statements in item 8 of this annual report.