item 1a. - risk factors you should carefully consider the risk factors set forth below as well as the other information contained in this annual report on form 10-k in connection with evaluating the company. additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. certain statements in "risk factors" are forward-looking statements. see "item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - special note regarding forward-looking statements."
risks related to our business our business is particularly sensitive to reductions in discretionary consumer and corporate spending as a result of downturns in the economy.
consumer demand for hotel/casino resorts, trade shows and conventions and for the type of luxury amenities we offer is particularly sensitive to downturns in the economy and the corresponding impact on discretionary spending. changes in discretionary consumer spending or corporate spending on conventions and business travel could be driven by many factors, such as: perceived or actual general economic conditions; any weaknesses in the job or housing market, additional credit market disruptions; high energy, fuel and food costs; the increased cost of travel; the potential for bank failures; perceived or actual disposable consumer income and wealth; fears of recession and changes in consumer confidence in the economy; or fears of war and future acts of terrorism. these factors could reduce consumer and corporate demand for the luxury amenities and leisure and business activities we offer, thus imposing additional limits on pricing and harming our operations.
our business is sensitive to the willingness of our customers to travel. acts of terrorism, regional political events and developments in the conflicts in certain countries could cause severe disruptions in air travel that reduce the number of visitors to our facilities, resulting in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we are dependent on the willingness of our customers to travel. only a small amount of our business is and will be generated by local residents. most of our customers travel to reach our macao, singapore, las vegas and pennsylvania properties. acts of terrorism may severely disrupt domestic and international travel, which would result in a decrease in customer visits to macao, singapore, las vegas and pennsylvania, including our properties. regional political events, including those resulting in travelers perceiving areas as unstable or an unwillingness of governments to grant visas, regional conflicts or an outbreak of hostilities or war could have a similar effect on domestic and international travel. management cannot predict the extent to which disruptions in air or other forms of travel as a result of any further terrorist acts, regional political events, regional conflicts or outbreak of hostilities or war would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we are subject to extensive regulation and the cost of compliance or failure to comply with such regulations that govern our operations in any jurisdiction where we operate may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we are required to obtain and maintain licenses from various jurisdictions in order to operate certain aspects of our business, and we are subject to extensive background investigations and suitability standards in our gaming business. we also will become subject to regulation in any other jurisdiction where we choose to operate in the future. there can be no assurance we will be able to obtain new licenses or renew any of our existing licenses, or if such licenses are obtained, such licenses will not be conditioned, suspended or revoked; and the loss, denial or non-renewal of any of our licenses could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
our gaming operations and the ownership of our securities are subject to extensive regulation by the nevada commission, the nevada board and the cclglb. the nevada gaming authorities have broad authority with respect to licensing and registration of our business entities and individuals investing in or otherwise involved with us.
although we currently are registered with, and lvsllc and vcr currently hold gaming licenses issued by, the nevada gaming authorities, these authorities may, among other things, revoke the gaming license of any corporate entity or the registration of a registered corporation or any entity registered as a holding company of a corporate licensee for violations of gaming regulations.
in addition, the nevada gaming authorities may, under certain circumstances, revoke the license or finding of suitability of any officer, director, controlling person, stockholder, noteholder or key employee of a licensed or registered entity. if our gaming licenses were revoked for any reason, the nevada gaming authorities could require the closing of our casinos, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. in addition, compliance costs associated with gaming laws, regulations or licenses are significant. any change in the laws, regulations or licenses applicable to our business or gaming licenses could require us to make substantial expenditures or could otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
a similar dynamic exists in all jurisdictions where we operate and a regulatory action against one of our operating entities in any gaming jurisdiction could impact our operations in other gaming jurisdictions where we do business.
we are subject to regulations imposed by the foreign corrupt practices act (the "fcpa"), which generally prohibits u.s. companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. we entered into a comprehensive civil administrative settlement with the sec on april 7, 2016, and a non-prosecution agreement with the department of justice (the "doj") on january 19, 2017, which resolve all inquiries related to these government investigations and include ongoing reporting obligations to the doj through january 2020. any violation of the fcpa could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we also deal with significant amounts of cash in our operations and are subject to various reporting and anti-money laundering regulations. recently, u.s. governmental authorities have evidenced an increased focus on the gaming industry and compliance with anti-money laundering laws and regulations. for instance, we are subject to regulation under the currency and foreign transactions reporting act of 1970, commonly known as the "bank secrecy act" ("bsa"), which, among other things, requires us to report to the financial crimes enforcement network ("fincen") certain currency transactions in excess of applicable thresholds and certain suspicious activities where we know, suspect or have reason to suspect such transactions involve funds from illegal activity or are intended to violate federal law or regulations or are designed to evade reporting requirements or have no business or lawful purpose. in addition, under the bsa, we are subject to various other rules and regulations involving reporting, recordkeeping and retention. our compliance with the bsa is subject to periodic audits by the u.s. treasury department, and we may be subject to substantial civil and criminal penalties, including fines, if we fail to comply with applicable regulations. we are also subject to similar regulations in singapore and macao, as well as regulations set forth by the gaming authorities in the areas in which we operate. any such laws and regulations could change or could be interpreted differently in the future, or new laws and regulations could be enacted. any violation of anti-money laundering laws or regulations, or any accusations of money laundering or regulatory investigations into possible money laundering activities, by any of
our properties, employees or customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
because we are currently dependent primarily upon our properties in three markets for all of our cash flow, we are subject to greater risks than competitors with more operating properties or that operate in more markets.
we currently do not have material operations other than our macao, singapore and las vegas properties. as a result, we are primarily dependent upon these properties for all of our cash.
given our operations are currently conducted primarily at properties in macao, singapore and las vegas and a large portion of our planned development is in macao, we will be subject to greater degrees of risk than competitors with more operating properties or that operate in more markets. the risks to which we will have a greater degree of exposure include the following:
•   local economic and competitive conditions;
•   inaccessibility due to inclement weather, road construction or closure of primary access routes;
•   decline in air passenger traffic due to higher ticket costs or fears concerning air travel;
•   changes in local and state governmental laws and regulations, including gaming laws and regulations;
•   natural or man-made disasters, outbreaks of infectious diseases, terrorist activity or war;
•   changes in the availability of water; and
•   a decline in the number of visitors to macao, singapore or las vegas.
we depend on the continued services of key managers and employees. if we do not retain our key personnel or attract and retain other highly skilled employees, our business will suffer.
our ability to maintain our competitive position is dependent to a large degree on the services of our senior management team, including sheldon g. adelson, robert g. goldstein and patrick dumont. the loss of their services or the services of our other senior managers, or the inability to attract and retain additional senior management personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business.
the interests of our principal stockholder in our business may be different from yours.
mr. adelson, his family members and trusts and other entities established for the benefit of mr. adelson and/or his family members (mr. adelson, individually our "principal stockholder," and the group, collectively our "principal stockholder and his family") beneficially own approximately 56% of our outstanding common stock as of december 31, 2018. accordingly, mr. adelson exercises significant influence over our business policies and affairs, including the composition of our board of directors and any action requiring the approval of our stockholders, including the adoption of amendments to our articles of incorporation and the approval of a merger or sale of substantially all of our assets. the concentration of ownership may also delay, defer or even prevent a change in control of our company and may make some transactions more difficult or impossible without the support of mr. adelson. the interests of mr. adelson may differ from your interests.
we are a parent company with limited business operations of our own. our main asset is the capital stock of our subsidiaries. we conduct most of our business operations through our direct and indirect subsidiaries. accordingly, our primary sources of cash are dividends and distributions with respect to our ownership interests in our subsidiaries derived from the earnings and cash flow generated by our operating properties. our subsidiaries might not generate sufficient earnings and cash flow to pay dividends or distributions in the future. our subsidiaries' payments to us will be contingent upon their earnings and upon other business considerations. in addition, our singapore and u.s. subsidiaries' debt instruments and other agreements limit or prohibit certain payments of dividends or other distributions to us. we expect future debt instruments for the financing of future developments may contain similar restrictions.
our debt instruments, current debt service obligations and substantial indebtedness may restrict our current and future operations, particularly our ability to timely refinance existing indebtedness, finance additional growth, respond to changes or take some actions that may otherwise be in our best interests.
our current debt service obligations contain, or any future debt service obligations and instruments may contain, a number of restrictive covenants that impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us, including restrictions on our ability to:
•   incur additional debt, including providing guarantees or credit support;
•   dispose of certain assets;
•   make certain acquisitions;
•   pay dividends or make distributions and make other restricted payments, such as purchasing equity interests, repurchasing junior indebtedness or making investments in third parties;
•   enter into sale and leaseback transactions;
•   engage in any new businesses;
•   enter into transactions with our stockholders and our affiliates.
in addition, our macao, singapore and u.s. credit agreements contain various financial covenants. see "item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data - notes to consolidated financial statements - note 9 - long-term debt" for further description of these covenants.
as of december 31, 2018, we had $11.99 billion of long-term debt outstanding, net of original issue discount, deferred offering costs (excluding those costs related to our revolving facilities) and cumulative fair value adjustments. this indebtedness could have important consequences to us. for example, it could:
•   make it more difficult for us to satisfy our debt service obligations;
•   increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions;
•   impair our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital needs, capital expenditures, development projects, acquisitions or general corporate purposes;
•   require us to dedicate a significant portion of our cash flow from operations to the payment of principal and interest on our debt, which would reduce the funds available for our operations and development projects;
•   limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in the business and the industry in which we operate;
•   place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt; and
subject to applicable laws, including gaming laws, and certain agreed upon exceptions, our u.s. and singapore debt is secured by liens on substantially all of our assets located in those countries, except for our equity interests in our subsidiaries.
our ability to timely refinance and replace our indebtedness in the future will depend upon general economic and credit market conditions, approval required by local government regulators, adequate liquidity in the global credit markets, the particular circumstances of the gaming industry and prevalent regulations and our cash flow and operations, in each case as evaluated at the time of such potential refinancing or replacement. for example, we have a principal amount of $98 million in long-term debt maturing during each of the three years ended december 31, 2021 and $520 million and $3.68 billion in long-term debt maturing during the years ending december 31, 2022 and 2023, respectively. if we are unable to refinance or generate sufficient cash flow from operations to repay our indebtedness on a timely basis, we might be forced to seek alternate forms of financing, dispose of certain assets or minimize capital expenditures and other investments, or reduce dividend payments. there is no assurance any of these alternatives would be available
to us, if at all, on satisfactory terms, on terms that would not be disadvantageous to us, or on terms that would not require us to breach the terms and conditions of our existing or future debt agreements.
we may attempt to arrange additional financing to fund the remainder of our planned, and any future, development projects. if such additional financing is necessary, we cannot assure you we will be able to obtain all the financing required for the construction and opening of these projects on suitable terms, if at all.
the libor calculation method may change and libor is expected to be phased out after 2021.
some of our credit facilities calculate interest on the outstanding principal balance using libor. on july 27, 2017, the united kingdom financial conduct authority (the "fca") announced it would phase out libor as a benchmark by the end of 2021. in the meantime, actions by the fca, other regulators or law enforcement agencies may result in changes to the method by which libor is calculated. at this time, it is not possible to predict the effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of any such changes or any other reforms to libor that may be enacted in the united kingdom or elsewhere.
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we record transactions in the functional currencies of our reporting entities. because our consolidated financial statements are presented in u.s. dollars, we translate revenues and expenses, as well as assets and liabilities, into u.s. dollars at exchange rates in effect during or at the end of each reporting period, which subjects us to foreign currency translation risks. the strengthening of the u.s. dollar against the functional currencies of our foreign operations could have an adverse effect on our u.s. dollar financial results.
in certain instances, our entities whose functional currency is the u.s. dollar may enter, and will continue to enter, into transactions that are denominated in a currency other than u.s. dollars. at the date that such transaction is recognized, each asset and liability arising from the transaction is measured and recorded in u.s. dollars using the exchange rate in effect at that date. at each balance sheet date, recorded monetary balances denominated in a currency other than u.s. dollars are adjusted to u.s. dollars using the exchange rate at the balance sheet date, with gains or losses recorded in other income (expense), which subjects us to foreign currency transaction risks.
we are a parent company whose primary source of cash is distributions from our subsidiaries (see "we are a parent company and our primary source of cash is and will be distributions from our subsidiaries."). fluctuations in the u.s. dollar/sgd exchange rate, the u.s. dollar/macao pataca exchange rate and/or the u.s. dollar/hkd exchange rate could have a material adverse effect on the amount of dividends and distributions from our singapore and macao operations.
on july 21, 2005, the people's bank of china announced the renminbi will no longer be pegged to the u.s. dollar, but will be allowed to float in a band (and, to a limited extent, increase in value) against a basket of foreign currencies. we cannot assure you the hong kong dollar will continue to be pegged to the u.s. dollar and the macao pataca will continue to be pegged to the hong kong dollar or the current peg rate for these currencies will remain at the same level. the floating of the renminbi and possible changes to the pegs of the macao pataca and/or the hong kong dollar may result in severe fluctuations in the exchange rate for these currencies. any change in such exchange rates could have a material adverse effect on our operations and on our ability to make payments on certain of our debt instruments. we do not currently hedge foreign currency risk related to the hong kong dollar, renminbi or pataca; however, we maintain a significant amount of our operating funds in the same currencies in which we have obligations, thereby reducing our exposure to currency fluctuations.
we extend credit to a large portion of our customers and we may not be able to collect gaming receivables from our credit players.
we conduct our gaming activities on a credit and cash basis. any such credit we extend is unsecured. table games players typically are extended more credit than slot players, and high-stakes players typically are extended more credit than players who tend to wager lesser amounts. high-end gaming is more volatile than other forms of gaming, and variances in win-loss results attributable to high-end gaming may have a significant positive or negative impact on cash flow and earnings in a particular quarter.
during the year ended december 31, 2018, approximately 15.3%, 16.0% and 65.8% of our table games drop at our macao properties, marina bay sands and our las vegas properties, respectively, was from credit-based wagering, while table games play at our pennsylvania property was primarily conducted on a cash basis. we extend credit to those customers whose level of play and financial resources warrant, in the opinion of management, an extension of credit. these large receivables could have a significant impact on our results of operations if deemed uncollectible.
while gaming debts evidenced by a credit instrument, including what is commonly referred to as a "marker," and judgments on gaming debts are enforceable under the current laws of nevada, and nevada judgments on gaming debts are enforceable in all states under the full faith and credit clause of the u.s. constitution, other jurisdictions around the world, including jurisdictions our gaming customers may come from, may determine, or have determined, enforcement of gaming debts is against public policy. although courts of some foreign nations will enforce gaming debts directly and the assets in the u.s. of foreign debtors may be reached to satisfy a judgment, judgments on gaming debts from courts in the u.s. and elsewhere are not binding in the courts of many foreign nations.
in particular, we expect our macao operations will be able to enforce gaming debts only in a limited number of jurisdictions, including macao. to the extent our macao gaming customers and gaming promoters are from other jurisdictions, our macao operations may not have access to a forum in which it will be possible to collect all gaming receivables because, among other reasons, courts of many jurisdictions do not enforce gaming debts and our macao operations may encounter forums that will refuse to enforce such debts. moreover, under applicable law, our macao operations remain obligated to pay taxes on uncollectible winnings from customers.
it is also possible our singapore operations may not be able to collect gaming debts because, among other reasons, courts of certain jurisdictions do not enforce gaming debts. to the extent our singapore gaming customers' assets are situated in such jurisdictions, our singapore operations may not be able to take enforcement action against such assets to facilitate collection of gaming receivables.
even where gaming debts are enforceable, they may not be collectible. our inability to collect gaming debts could have a significant adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows.
win rates for our gaming operations depend on a variety of factors, some beyond our control, and the winnings of our gaming customers could exceed our casino winnings.
the gaming industry is characterized by an element of chance. in addition to the element of chance, win rates are also affected by other factors, including players' skill and experience, the mix of games played, the financial resources of players, the spread of table limits, the volume of bets played and the amount of time played. our gaming profits are mainly derived from the difference between our casino winnings and the casino winnings of our gaming customers. since there is an inherent element of chance in the gaming industry, we do not have full control over our winnings or the winnings of our gaming customers. if the winnings of our gaming customers exceed our winnings, we may record a loss from our gaming operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
our gaming customers may attempt or commit fraud or cheat in order to increase winnings. acts of fraud or cheating could involve the use of counterfeit chips or other tactics, possibly in collusion with our employees. internal acts of cheating could also be conducted by employees through collusion with dealers, surveillance staff, floor managers or other casino or gaming area staff. failure to discover such acts or schemes in a timely manner could result in losses in our gaming operations. in addition, negative publicity related to such schemes could have an adverse effect on our reputation, potentially causing a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
a failure to establish and protect our ip rights could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we endeavor to establish, protect and enforce our ip, including our trademarks, copyrights, patents, domain names, trade secrets and other confidential and proprietary information. there can be no assurance, however, the steps we take to protect our ip will be sufficient. if a third party successfully challenges our trademarks, we could have difficulty maintaining exclusive rights. if a third party claims we have infringed, currently infringe, or could in the future infringe upon its ip rights, we may need to cease use of such ip, defend our rights or take other steps. in addition, if third parties
violate their obligations to us to maintain the confidentiality of our proprietary information or there is a security breach or lapse, or if third parties misappropriate or infringe upon our ip, our business may be affected. our inability to adequately obtain, maintain or defend our ip rights for any reason could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover all possible losses that our properties could suffer. in addition, our insurance costs may increase and we may not be able to obtain the same insurance coverage, or the scope of insurance coverage we deem necessary, in the future.
we have comprehensive property and liability insurance policies for our properties in operation, as well as those in the course of construction, with coverage features and insured limits we believe are customary in their breadth and scope. market forces beyond our control may nonetheless limit the scope of the insurance coverage we can obtain or our ability to obtain coverage at reasonable rates. certain types of losses, generally of a catastrophic nature, such as earthquakes, hurricanes and floods, or terrorist acts, or certain liabilities may be uninsurable or too expensive to justify obtaining insurance. as a result, we may not be successful in obtaining insurance without increases in cost or decreases in coverage levels. in addition, in the event of a substantial loss, the insurance coverage we carry may not be sufficient to pay the full market value or replacement cost of our lost investment or in some cases could result in certain losses being totally uninsured. as a result, we could lose some or all of the capital we have invested in a property, as well as the anticipated future revenue from the property, and we could remain obligated for debt or other financial obligations related to the property.
our debt instruments and other material agreements require us to maintain a certain minimum level of insurance. failure to satisfy these requirements could result in an event of default under these debt instruments or material agreements.
in november 2009, our subsidiary, scl, listed its ordinary shares on the main board of the stock exchange of hong kong limited (the "scl offering"). we currently own 70.0% of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares of scl. as a result of scl having stockholders who are not affiliated with us, we and certain of our officers and directors who also serve as officers and/or directors of scl may have conflicting fiduciary obligations to our stockholders and to the minority stockholders of scl. decisions that could have different implications for us and scl, including contractual arrangements we have entered into or may in the future enter into with scl, may give rise to the appearance of a potential conflict of interest.
changes in tax laws and regulations could impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we are subject to taxation and regulation by various government agencies, primarily in macao, singapore and the u.s. (federal, state and local levels). from time to time, u.s. federal, state, local and foreign governments make substantive changes to income tax, indirect tax and gaming tax rules and the application of these rules, which could result in higher taxes than would be incurred under existing tax law or interpretation. in particular, government agencies may make changes that could reduce the profits we can effectively realize from our non-u.s. operations. like most u.s. companies, our effective income tax rate reflects the fact that income earned and reinvested outside the u.s. is taxed at local rates, which are often lower than u.s. tax rates.
in december 2017, the u.s. enacted the tax cuts and jobs act (the "act") also referred to as "u.s. tax reform." the act made significant changes to u.s. income tax laws including lowering the u.s. corporate tax rate to 21% effective beginning in 2018 and transitioning from a worldwide tax system to a territorial tax system resulting in dividends from our foreign subsidiaries not being subject to u.s. income tax and creating a one-time tax on previously unremitted earnings of foreign subsidiaries. these changes are complex and will continue to require the internal revenue service to issue interpretations and implement regulations that may significantly impact how we will apply the act and impact our results of operations in the period issued.
if changes in tax laws and regulations were to significantly increase the tax rates on gaming revenues or income, or if there are additional significant interpretations and implementing regulations issued related to the act, these changes could increase our tax expense and liability, and therefore, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
natural or man-made disasters, an outbreak of highly infectious disease, terrorist activity or war could adversely affect the number of visitors to our facilities and disrupt our operations, resulting in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
so called "acts of god," such as typhoons and rainstorms, particularly in macao, and other natural disasters, man-made disasters, outbreaks of highly infectious diseases, terrorist activity or war may result in decreases in travel to and from, and economic activity in, areas in which we operate, and may adversely affect the number of visitors to our properties. any of these events also may disrupt our ability to staff our business adequately, could generally disrupt our operations and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. although we have insurance coverage with respect to some of these events, we cannot assure you any such coverage will be sufficient to indemnify us fully against all direct and indirect costs, including any loss of business that could result from substantial damage to, or partial or complete destruction of, any of our properties.
our failure to maintain the integrity of our information and information systems, which contain legally protected information about us and others, could happen in a variety of ways, including as a result of unauthorized access, breach of our cybersecurity systems and measures, or other disruption or corruption of our information systems, software or data, or access to information stored outside of our information systems, and could impair our ability to conduct our business operations, delay our ability to recognize revenue, compromise the integrity of our business and services, result in significant data losses and the theft of our ip, damage our reputation, expose us to liability to third parties, regulatory fines and penalties, and require us to incur significant costs to maintain the privacy and security of our information, network and data.
we face global cybersecurity and information security threats, which may range from uncoordinated individual attempts to sophisticated and targeted measures directed at us. cyber-attacks and information security breaches may include, but are not limited to, attempts to access information, including legally protected information about people including customers and company information, computer malware such as viruses, denial of service, ransomware attacks that encrypt, exfiltrate, or otherwise render data unusable or unavailable in an effort to extort money or other consideration as a condition to purportedly returning the data to a usable form, operator errors or misuse, or inadvertent releases of data or documents, and other forms of electronic and non-electronic information security breaches.
our business requires the collection and retention of large volumes of data and non-electronic information, including credit card numbers and other legally protected information about people in various information systems we maintain and in those maintained by third parties with whom we contract and may share data. we also maintain important internal company information such as legally protected information about our employees and information relating to our operations. the integrity and protection of that legally protected information about people and company information are important to us. our collection of such legally protected information about people and company information is subject to extensive regulation by private groups such as the payment card industry as well as domestic and foreign governmental authorities, including gaming authorities. if a cybersecurity or privacy event occurs, we may be unable to satisfy applicable laws and regulations or the expectation of regulators, employees, customers or other impacted individuals.
privacy and cybersecurity laws and regulations are developing and changing frequently, and vary significantly by jurisdiction. many applicable laws and regulations protecting privacy and addressing cybersecurity have not yet been interpreted by regulators or courts, which causes uncertainty. we may incur significant costs in our efforts to comply with the various applicable privacy and cybersecurity laws and regulations as they emerge and change. also, privacy and cybersecurity laws and regulations may limit our ability to protect individuals, including customers and employees. for example, these laws and regulations may restrict information sharing in ways that make it more difficult to obtain or share information concerning at-risk individuals. compliance with applicable privacy laws and regulations also may adversely impact our ability to market our products, properties, and services to our guests and patrons. in addition, non-compliance by us, or potentially by third parties with which we share information, with any applicable privacy and cybersecurity law or regulation, including accidental loss, inadvertent disclosure, unauthorized access or dissemination, or breach of security may result in damage to our reputation and could subject us to fines, penalties, required corrective actions, lawsuits, payment of damages, or restrictions on our use or transfer of data. we are subject to different regulator(s)' and others' interpretations of our compliance with these new and changing laws and regulations.
in addition, we have experienced a sophisticated criminal cybersecurity attack in the past, including a breach of our information technology systems in which customer and company information was compromised and certain
company data may have been destroyed, and we may experience additional cybersecurity attacks in the future, potentially with more frequency or sophistication. we rely on proprietary and commercially available systems, software, tools, and monitoring to provide security for processing, transmission, and storage of customer and employee information, such as payment card and other confidential or proprietary information. we also rely extensively on computer systems to process transactions, maintain information, and manage our businesses. disruptions in the availability of our computer systems, through cyber-attacks or otherwise, could impact our ability to service our customers and adversely affect our sales and the results of operations. for instance, there has been an increase in criminal cybersecurity attacks against companies where customer and company information has been compromised and company data has been destroyed. our information systems and records, including those we maintain with third-party service providers, as well as the systems of other third parties that share data with us under contractual agreements, may be subject to cyber-attacks and information security breaches. our third-party information system service providers and other third parties that share data with us pursuant to contractual agreements face risks relating to cybersecurity and privacy similar to ours, and we do not directly control any of such parties' information security or privacy operations. for example, the systems currently used for the transmission and approval of payment card transactions, and the technology utilized in payment cards themselves, all of which can put payment card data at risk, are determined and controlled by the payment card industry, not us.
a significant theft, destruction, loss or fraudulent use of legally protected information about people or company information maintained by us or by a third-party service provider or other third party that shares data with us pursuant to contractual agreement could have an adverse effect on our reputation, cause a material disruption to our operations and management team and result in remediation expenses (including liability for stolen assets or information, repairing system damage and offering incentives to customers or business partners to maintain their relationships after an attack) and regulatory fines, penalties and corrective actions, or lawsuits by regulators, third-party service providers, third parties that share data with us pursuant to contractual agreements and/or people whose data is or may be impacted. such theft, destruction, loss or fraudulent use could also result in litigation by shareholders alleging our privacy protections and protections against cyber-attacks were insufficient, our response to an attack was faulty or insufficient care was taken in ensuring we were able to comply with cybersecurity, privacy or data protection regulations, protect information, identify risks and attacks, or respond to and recover from a cyber-attack, or by customers and other parties whose information was subject to such attacks. advances in computer software capabilities and encryption technology, new tools, and other developments, including continuously evolving attack methods that may exploit vulnerabilities based on these advances, may increase the risk of a security breach or other intrusion. in addition, we may incur increased cybersecurity and privacy protection costs that may include organizational changes, deploying additional personnel and protection technologies, training employees and engaging third-party experts and consultants. there can be no assurance the insurance the company has in place relating to cybersecurity and privacy risks will be sufficient in the event of a major cybersecurity or privacy event. any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
our gaming operations rely heavily on technology services provided by third parties. in the event there is an interruption of these services to us, it may have an adverse effect on our operations and financial condition.
we engage a number of third parties to provide gaming operating systems for the facilities we operate. as a result, we rely on such third parties to provide uninterrupted services to us in order to run our business efficiently and effectively. in the event one of these third parties experiences a disruption in its ability to provide such services to us (whether due to technological difficulties or power problems), this may result in a material disruption at the gaming facilities in which we operate and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
any unscheduled interruption in our technology services is likely to result in an immediate, and possibly substantial, loss of revenues due to a shutdown of our gaming operations, cloud computing and gaming systems. such interruptions may occur as a result of, for example, catastrophic events or rolling blackouts. our systems are also vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes, floods, fires, telecommunication failures, terrorist attacks, computer viruses, computer denial-of-service attacks and similar events.
there are significant risks associated with our construction projects, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we previously announced the renovation, expansion and rebranding of sands cotai central, the addition of approximately 370 luxury suites in the st. regis tower suites macao and the development of approximately 290
additional premium quality suites in the four seasons tower suites macao. these development projects and any other construction projects we undertake will entail significant risks. construction activity requires us to obtain qualified contractors and subcontractors, the availability of which may be uncertain. construction projects are subject to cost overruns and delays caused by events outside of our control or, in certain cases, our contractors' control, such as shortages of materials or skilled labor, unforeseen engineering, environmental and/or geological problems, work stoppages, weather interference, unanticipated cost increases and unavailability of construction materials or equipment. construction, equipment or staffing problems or difficulties in obtaining any of the requisite materials, licenses, permits, allocations and authorizations from governmental or regulatory authorities could increase the total cost, delay, jeopardize, prevent the construction or opening of our projects, or otherwise affect the design and features. construction contractors or counterparties for our current projects may be required to bear certain cost overruns for which they are contractually liable, and if such counterparties are unable to meet their obligations, we may incur increased costs for such developments. in addition, the number of ongoing projects and their locations throughout the world present unique challenges and risks to our management structure. if our management is unable to manage successfully our worldwide construction projects, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the anticipated costs and completion dates for our current projects are based on budgets, designs, development and construction documents and schedule estimates are prepared with the assistance of architects and other construction development consultants and are subject to change as the design, development and construction documents are finalized and as actual construction work is performed. a failure to complete our projects on budget or on schedule may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
because we own real property, we are subject to extensive environmental regulation, which creates uncertainty regarding future environmental expenditures and liabilities.
we have incurred and will continue to incur costs to comply with environmental requirements, such as those relating to discharges into the air, water and land, the handling and disposal of solid and hazardous waste and the cleanup of properties affected by hazardous substances. under these and other environmental requirements, we may be required to investigate and clean up hazardous or toxic substances or chemical releases at our properties and may be held responsible to governmental entities or third parties, as an owner or operator, for property damage, personal injury and investigation and cleanup costs incurred by them in connection with any contamination. these laws typically impose cleanup responsibility and liability without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of or caused the presence of the contaminants. the costs of investigation, remediation or removal of those substances may be substantial, and the presence of those substances, or the failure to remediate a property properly, may impair our ability to use our properties.
risks associated with our international operations we will stop generating any gaming revenues from our macao operations if we cannot secure an extension of our subconcession in 2022 or if the macao government exercises its redemption right.
our subconcession agreement expires on june 26, 2022. unless our subconcession is extended, all of vml's casino premises and gaming-related equipment will be transferred automatically to the macao government on that date without compensation to us and we will cease to generate gaming revenues from these operations. beginning on december 26, 2017, the macao government may redeem the subconcession agreement by providing us at least one-year prior notice. in the event the macao government exercises this redemption right, we are entitled to fair compensation or indemnity. the amount of this compensation or indemnity will be determined based on the amount of gaming and non-gaming revenue generated by the venetian macao during the tax year prior to the redemption multiplied by the number of remaining years before expiration of the subconcession. we cannot assure you we will be able to renew or extend our subconcession agreement on terms favorable to us or at all. we also cannot assure you that if our subconcession is redeemed, the compensation paid will be adequate to compensate us for the loss of future revenues.
our macao subconcession and singapore concession can be terminated under certain circumstances without compensation to us, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the macao government has the right, after consultation with galaxy, to unilaterally terminate our subconcession in the event of vml's serious non-compliance with its basic obligations under the subconcession and applicable macao laws. upon termination of our subconcession, our casinos and gaming-related equipment would automatically be
transferred to the macao government without compensation to us and we would cease to generate any revenues from these operations. the loss of our subconcession would prohibit us from conducting gaming operations in macao, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the development agreement between mbs and the stb contains events of default that could permit the stb to terminate the agreement without compensation to us. if the development agreement is terminated, we could lose our right to operate the marina bay sands and our investment in marina bay sands could be lost.
the number of visitors to macao, particularly visitors from mainland china, may decline or travel to macao may be disrupted.
our vip and mass market gaming customers typically come from nearby destinations in asia, including mainland china, hong kong, south korea and japan. increasingly, a significant number of gaming customers come to our casinos from mainland china. any slowdown in economic growth or changes of china's current restrictions on travel and currency movements could further disrupt the number of visitors from mainland china to our casinos in macao as well as the amounts they are willing and able to spend while at our properties.
policies and measures adopted from time to time by the chinese government include restrictions imposed on exit visas granted to residents of mainland china for travel to macao and hong kong. these measures have, and any future policy developments implemented may have, the effect of reducing the number of visitors to macao from mainland china, which could adversely impact tourism and the gaming industry in macao.
our macao and singapore operations face intense competition, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the hotel, resort and casino businesses are highly competitive. our macao operations currently compete with numerous other casinos located in macao. additional macao facilities announced by our competitors and the increasing capacity of hotel rooms in macao could add to the competitive dynamic of the market.
our macao and singapore operations will also compete to some extent with casinos located elsewhere in asia, including south korea, malaysia, philippines, australia, cambodia and elsewhere in the world, including las vegas, as well as online gaming and cruise ships that offer gaming. our operations also face increased competition from new developments in malaysia, australia and south korea. in addition, certain countries have legalized, and others may in the future legalize, casino gaming, including japan, taiwan, thailand and vietnam.
the proliferation of gaming venues, especially in southeast asia, could have a significant and adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the macao and singapore governments could grant additional rights to conduct gaming in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we hold a subconcession under one of only six gaming concessions and subconcessions authorized by the macao government to operate casinos in macao. no additional concessions or subconcessions have been granted since 2002. we hold one of two licenses granted by the singapore government to operate a casino in singapore. as of march 1, 2017, there are no statutory restrictions preventing the singapore government from granting additional casino licenses to any party. if the macao government were to allow additional gaming operators in macao or the singapore government were to license additional casinos, we would face additional competition, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we compete for limited management and labor resources in macao and singapore, and policies of those governments may also affect our ability to employ imported managers or labor.
our success depends in large part upon our ability to attract, retain, train, manage and motivate skilled managers and employees at our properties. the macao government requires we only hire macao residents in our casinos for certain employee roles, including as dealers. in addition, we are required in macao to obtain visas and work permits for managers and employees we seek to employ from other countries. there is significant competition in macao and singapore for managers and employees with the skills required to perform the services we offer and competition for these individuals in macao is likely to increase as other competitors expand their operations.
we may have to recruit managers and employees from other countries to adequately staff and manage our properties and certain macao government policies affect our ability to hire non-resident managers and employees in certain job classifications. despite our coordination with the macao labor and immigration authorities to ensure our management and labor needs are satisfied, we may not be able to recruit and retain a sufficient number of qualified managers or employees for our operations or the macao labor and immigration authorities may not grant us the necessary visas or work permits.
if we are unable to obtain, attract, retain and train skilled managers and employees, and obtain any required visas or work permits for our skilled managers and employees, our ability to adequately manage and staff our existing properties and planned development projects could be impaired, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
conducting business in macao and singapore has certain political and economic risks, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
our operations include the venetian macao, sands cotai central, the parisian macao, the plaza macao and four seasons hotel macao and sands macao in macao and the marina bay sands in singapore. accordingly, our business development plans, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be materially and adversely affected by significant political, social and economic developments in macao and singapore, and by changes in policies of the governments or changes in laws and regulations or their interpretations. our operations in macao and singapore are also exposed to the risk of changes in laws and policies that govern operations of companies based in those countries. jurisdictional tax laws and regulations may also be subject to amendment or different interpretation and implementation, thereby having an adverse effect on our profitability after tax. these changes may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
current macao and singapore laws and regulations concerning gaming and gaming concessions and licenses are, for the most part, fairly recent and there is little precedent on the interpretation of these laws and regulations. we believe our organizational structure and operations are in compliance in all material respects with all applicable laws and regulations of macao and singapore. these laws and regulations are complex and a court or an administrative or regulatory body may in the future render an interpretation of these laws and regulations, or issue regulations, which differs from our interpretation and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
in addition, our activities in macao and singapore are subject to administrative review and approval by various government agencies. we cannot assure you we will be able to obtain all necessary approvals, which may have a material adverse effect on our long-term business strategy and operations. macao and singapore laws permit redress to the courts with respect to administrative actions; however, such redress is largely untested in relation to gaming issues.
on october 6, 2014, the macao government approved smoking control legislation, which prohibits smoking in casinos. this legislation, as amended on july 14, 2017 and effective as of january 1, 2018, permits casinos to maintain designated smoking rooms opened to the public, as long as such rooms comply with certain conditions, namely that no gaming equipment is installed within a three-meter radius from their entrance doors, that they are physically separated from the remaining areas and that no activity other than smoking is conducted inside the rooms, including gaming. such legislation may deter potential gaming customers who are smokers from frequenting casinos in jurisdictions with smoking bans such as macao. such laws and regulations could change or could be interpreted differently in the future. we cannot predict the future likelihood or outcome of similar legislation or referendums in other jurisdictions where we operate or the magnitude of any decrease in revenues as a result of such regulations, though any smoking ban could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we are currently not required to pay corporate income taxes on our casino gaming operations in macao. this tax exemption expires june 26, 2022, the date our subconcession agreement expires. the agreement with the macao government providing a fixed annual payment as a substitution for a 12% tax otherwise due from vml's shareholders on dividends distributed from our macao gaming operations expired at the end of 2018.
we have had the benefit of a corporate tax exemption in macao, which exempts us from paying the 12% corporate income tax on profits generated by the operation of casino games. this exemption does not apply to our non-gaming activities. we will continue to benefit from this tax exemption through june 26, 2022, the date our subconcession agreement expires. additionally, we entered into an agreement with the macao government in may 2014, effective
through the end of 2018 providing an annual payment as a substitution for a 12% tax otherwise due from vml shareholders on dividend distributions paid from vml gaming profits. in september 2018, vml requested an additional agreement with the macao government through june 26, 2022, to correspond to the expiration of the income tax exemption for gaming operations; however, there is no certainty the agreement will be extended beyond its expiration date. if the agreement is not extended, a 12% tax would be due on vml distributions from earnings generated after 2018, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we are dependent upon gaming promoters for a portion of our gaming revenues in macao.
gaming promoters, which promote gaming and draw vip patrons to casinos, are responsible for a portion of our gaming revenues in macao. with the increased number of gaming facilities in macao, the competition for relationships with gaming promoters has increased. there can be no assurance we will be able to maintain, or grow, our relationships with gaming promoters. if we are unable to maintain or grow our relationships with gaming promoters, or if the gaming promoters experience financial difficulties or are unable to develop or maintain relationships with our vip patrons, our ability to grow our gaming revenues will be hampered.
if gaming promoters attempt to negotiate changes to our operational agreements, including higher commissions, it could result in higher costs for us, loss of business to a competitor or loss of relationships with gaming promoters. given regulatory requirements and certain economic and other factors occurring in the region, gaming promoters may encounter difficulties in attracting patrons to come to macao, resulting in decreased gaming volume at our macao properties. credit already extended by gaming promoters to their patrons may become increasingly difficult for them to collect. this inability to attract sufficient patrons, grant credit and collect amounts due in a timely manner could negatively affect gaming promoters' activities, cause gaming promoters to wind up or liquidate their operations or result in gaming promoters leaving macao. the above factors affecting gaming promoters could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
in addition, the quality of gaming promoters with whom we have relationships is important to our reputation and our ability to continue to operate in compliance with our gaming licenses. while we strive for excellence in our associations with gaming promoters, we cannot assure you the gaming promoters with whom we are associated will meet the high standards we insist upon. if a gaming promoter falls below our standards, we may suffer reputational harm, as well as worsening relationships with, and possible sanctions from, gaming regulators with authority over our operations. in the event a gaming promoter does not meet its financial obligations, there can be no assurance we may not incur financial exposure.
our business could be adversely affected by the limitations of the pataca exchange markets and restrictions on the export of the renminbi.
our revenues in macao are denominated in patacas, the legal currency of macao, and hong kong dollars. the macao pataca is pegged to the hong kong dollar and, in many cases, is used interchangeably with the hong kong dollar in macao. although currently permitted, we cannot assure you patacas will continue to be freely exchangeable into u.s. dollars. also, our ability to convert large amounts of patacas into u.s. dollars over a relatively short period may be limited.
we are currently prohibited from accepting wagers in renminbi, the legal currency of china. there are also restrictions on the remittance of the renminbi from mainland china and the amount of renminbi that can be converted into foreign currencies, including the pataca and hong kong dollar. restrictions on the remittance of the renminbi from mainland china may impede the flow of gaming customers from mainland china to macao, inhibit the growth of gaming in macao and negatively impact our gaming operations. there is no assurance that incremental mainland chinese regulations will not be promulgated in the future that have the effect of restricting or eliminating the remittance of renminbi from mainland china. further, if any new mainland chinese regulations are promulgated in the future that have the effect of permitting or restricting (as the case may be) the remittance of renminbi from mainland china, then such remittances will need to be made subject to the specific requirements or restrictions set out in such rules.
certain nevada gaming laws apply to our gaming activities and associations in other jurisdictions where we operate or plan to operate.
certain nevada gaming laws also apply to our gaming activities and associations in jurisdictions outside the state of nevada. we are required to comply with certain reporting requirements concerning our current and proposed gaming
activities and associations occurring outside the state of nevada, including macao, singapore and other jurisdictions. we will also be subject to disciplinary action by the nevada commission if:
•   we knowingly violate any laws of the foreign jurisdiction pertaining to the foreign gaming operation;
•   we fail to conduct the foreign gaming operation in accordance with the standards of honesty and integrity required of nevada gaming operations;
•   we engage in any activity or enter into any association that is unsuitable for us because it poses an unreasonable threat to the control of gaming in nevada, reflects or tends to reflect discredit or disrepute upon the state of nevada or gaming in nevada, or is contrary to the gaming policies of nevada;
•   we engage in any activity or enter into any association that interferes with the ability of the state of nevada to collect gaming taxes and fees; or
•   we employ, contract with or associate with any person in the foreign gaming operation who has been denied a license or a finding of suitability in nevada on the ground of personal unsuitability, or who has been found guilty of cheating at gambling.
also, as we are required to provide any other information the nevada commission may require concerning our gaming activities and associations in jurisdictions outside the state of nevada, we could be subject to disciplinary action by the nevada commission if our current reporting is determined to be unsatisfactory due to macao, singapore or other jurisdictions' regulations regarding personal data protection prohibiting us from satisfying certain reporting requirements of the nevada commission.
in addition, if the nevada board determines one of our actual or intended activities or associations in a foreign gaming operation may violate one or more of the foregoing, we can be required to file an application with the nevada commission for a finding of suitability of such activity or association. if the nevada commission finds the activity or association in the foreign gaming operation is unsuitable or prohibited, we will either be required to terminate the activity or association, or will be prohibited from undertaking the activity or association. consequently, should the nevada commission find our gaming activities or associations in macao or certain other jurisdictions where we operate are unsuitable, we may be prohibited from undertaking our planned gaming activities or associations in those jurisdictions.
the gaming authorities in other jurisdictions where we operate or plan to operate, including in macao and singapore, exercise similar powers for purposes of assessing suitability in relation to our activities in other gaming jurisdictions where we do business.
vml may have financial and other obligations to foreign workers managed by its contractors under government labor quotas.
the macao government has granted vml a quota to permit it to hire foreign workers. vml has effectively assigned the management of this quota to its contractors for the construction of our cotai strip projects. vml, however, remains ultimately liable for all employer obligations relating to these employees, including for payment of wages and taxes and compliance with labor and workers' compensation laws. vml requires each contractor to whom it has assigned the management of part of its labor quota to indemnify vml for any costs or liabilities vml incurs as a result of such contractor's failure to fulfill employer obligations. vml's agreements with its contractors also contain provisions that permit it to retain some payments for up to one year after the contractors' complete work on the projects. we cannot assure you vml's contractors will fulfill their obligations to employees hired under the labor quotas or to vml under the indemnification agreements, or the amount of any indemnification payments received will be sufficient to pay for any obligations vml may owe to employees managed by contractors under vml's quotas. until we make final payments to our contractors, we have offset rights to collect amounts they may owe us, including amounts owed under the indemnities relating to employer obligations. after we have made the final payments, it may be more difficult for us to enforce any unpaid indemnity obligations.
the transportation infrastructure in macao may not be adequate to accommodate increased future demand of visitors to macao.
macao is in the process of expanding its transportation infrastructure to service the increased number of visitors to macao. if the planned expansions of transportation facilities to and from macao are delayed or not completed, and
macao's transportation infrastructure is insufficient to meet the demands of an increased volume of visitors to macao, the desirability of macao as a business and leisure tourism destination, as well as the results of operations of our macao properties, could be negatively impacted.
risks associated with our u.s. operations we face significant competition in las vegas, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. in addition, any significant downturn in the trade show and convention business could have a significant and adverse effect on our mid-week occupancy rates and business.
the hotel, resort and casino businesses in las vegas are highly competitive. we also compete, to some extent, with other hotel/casino facilities in nevada, as well as hotel/casinos and other resort facilities and vacation destinations elsewhere in the united states and around the world. in addition, various competitors on the las vegas strip periodically expand and/or renovate their existing facilities. if demand for hotel rooms does not keep up with the increase in the number of hotel rooms, competitive pressures may cause reductions in average room rates.
we also compete with legalized gaming from casinos located on native american tribal lands, including those located in california. while the competitive impact on our operations in las vegas from the continued growth of native american gaming establishments in california remains uncertain, the proliferation of gaming in california and other areas located in the same region as our las vegas operating properties could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows.
in addition, certain states have legalized, and others may legalize, casino gaming in specific areas, including metropolitan areas from which we traditionally attract customers. a number of states have permitted or are considering permitting gaming at "racinos" (combined race tracks and casinos), on native american reservations and through expansion of state lotteries.
certain states within the u.s. have also legalized, and others in the future may legalize, online gaming. there are a number of established, well capitalized companies producing and operating online gaming offerings that compete with us. online gaming is a new and evolving industry and is potentially subject to significant future development, including legal and regulatory development.
the current global trend toward liberalization of gaming restrictions and resulting proliferation of gaming venues could result in a decrease in the number of visitors to our las vegas facilities by attracting customers close to home and away from las vegas, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. also, on december 23, 2011, the doj released an opinion that concluded the wire act only related to interstate transmission of wire communications regarding wagers on sporting events or information assisting in the placing of wagers on sporting events (the "2011 opinion"). in concluding as such, the doj reversed earlier opinions that the wire act was not limited to only sporting events or contests. on january 14, 2019, the doj released a slip opinion dated november 2, 2018 ("2018 slip opinion") that reversed the 2011 opinion.
the sands expo center provides recurring demand for mid-week room nights for business travelers who attend meetings, trade shows and conventions in las vegas. the sands expo center presently competes with other large convention centers, including convention centers in las vegas and other cities. to the extent these competitors are able to capture a substantially larger portion of the trade show and convention business, there could be a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
certain beneficial owners of our voting securities may be required to file an application with, and be investigated by, the nevada gaming authorities, and the nevada commission may restrict the ability of a beneficial owner to receive any benefit from our voting securities and may require the disposition of shares of our voting securities, if a beneficial owner is found to be unsuitable.
any person who acquires beneficial ownership of more than 10% of our voting securities will be required to apply to the nevada commission for a finding of suitability within 30 days after the chairman of the nevada board mails a written notice requiring the filing. under certain circumstances, an "institutional investor" as defined under the regulations of the nevada commission, which acquires beneficial ownership of more than 10%, but not more than 25%, of our voting securities (subject to certain additional holdings as a result of certain debt restructurings or stock repurchase programs under the nevada act), may apply to the nevada commission for a waiver of such finding of suitability requirement if the institutional investor holds our voting securities only for investment purposes. in addition,
any beneficial owner of our voting securities, regardless of the number of shares beneficially owned, may be required at the discretion of the nevada commission to file an application for a finding of suitability as such. in either case, a finding of suitability is comparable to licensing and the applicant must pay all costs of investigation incurred by the nevada gaming authorities in conducting the investigation.
any person who fails or refuses to apply for a finding of suitability or a license within 30 days after being ordered to do so by the nevada gaming authorities may be found unsuitable. the same restrictions apply to a record owner if the record owner, after request, fails to identify the beneficial owner. any stockholder found unsuitable who holds, directly or indirectly, any beneficial ownership of the common stock of a registered corporation beyond such period of time as may be prescribed by the nevada commission may be guilty of a criminal offense. we are subject to disciplinary action if, after we receive notice a person is unsuitable to be a stockholder or to have any other relationship with us or a licensed subsidiary, we, or any of the licensed subsidiaries:
•   pay that person any dividend or interest upon any voting securities;
•   allow that person to exercise, directly or indirectly, any voting right conferred through securities held by that person;
•   pay remuneration in any form to that person for services rendered or otherwise; or
•   fail to pursue all lawful efforts to require such unsuitable person to relinquish his or her voting securities including, if necessary, purchasing them for cash at fair market value.
certain beneficial owners of our voting securities may be required to file a license application with, and be investigated by, the pennsylvania gaming control board, the pennsylvania state police and other agencies.
any person who acquires beneficial ownership of 5% or more of our voting securities will be required to apply to the pagcb for licensure, obtain licensure and remain licensed. licensure requires, among other things, the applicant establish by clear and convincing evidence the applicant's good character, honesty and integrity. additionally, any trust that holds 5% or more of our voting securities is required to be licensed by the pagcb and each individual who is a grantor, trustee or beneficiary of the trust is also required to be licensed by the pagcb. under certain circumstances and under the regulations of the pagcb, an "institutional investor" as defined under the regulations of the pagcb, which acquires beneficial ownership of 5% or more, but less than 10%, of our voting securities, may not be required to be licensed by the pagcb provided the pagcb grants a waiver of the licensure requirement. in addition, any beneficial owner of our voting securities, regardless of the number of shares beneficially owned, may be required at the discretion of the pagcb to file an application for licensure.
furthermore, a person or a group of persons acting in concert who acquire(s) more than 20% of our securities, with the exception of the ownership interest of a person at the time of original licensure when the license fee was paid, would trigger a "change in control" (as defined under applicable law). such a change in control could require us to re-apply for licensure by the pagcb and incur a $50 million license fee.
in the event a security holder is required to be found qualified and is not found qualified, or fails to apply for qualification, such security holder may be required by the pagcb to divest of the interest at a price not exceeding the cost of the interest.
labor actions and other labor problems could negatively impact our operations.
from time to time, we have experienced attempts by labor organizations to organize certain of our non-union employees. we cannot provide any assurance we will not experience additional and successful union activity in the future. the impact of any union activity is undetermined and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
if ggp (or any future owner of the grand canal shoppes) breaches any of its material agreements with us or if we are unable to maintain an acceptable working relationship with ggp (or any future owner), there could be a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we have entered into agreements with ggp under which, among other things, ggp has agreed to operate the grand canal shoppes subject to, and in accordance with, the cooperation agreement. our agreements with ggp could be adversely affected in ways that could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows if we do not maintain an acceptable working relationship with ggp or its successors. for example, the cooperation agreement that governs the relationship between the grand canal shoppes and the venetian resort las vegas requires the owners cooperate in various ways and take various joint actions, which will be more difficult to accomplish, especially in a cost-effective manner, if the parties do not have an acceptable working relationship.
there could be similar material adverse consequences to us if ggp breaches any of its agreements with us, such as its agreement under the cooperation agreement to operate the grand canal shoppes consistent with the standards of first-class restaurant and retail complexes and the overall venetian theme in the section formerly referred to as the grand canal shoppes, and its various obligations as our landlord under the leases described above. although our agreements with ggp provide us with various remedies in the event of any breaches by ggp and include various dispute resolution procedures and mechanisms, these remedies, procedures and mechanisms may be inadequate to prevent a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows if breaches by ggp occur or if we do not maintain an acceptable working relationship with ggp.
item 7. - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by, the audited consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto, and other financial information included in this form 10-k. certain statements in this "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" are forward-looking statements. see "special note regarding forward-looking statements."
operations we view each of our integrated resorts as an operating segment. our operating segments in macao consist of the venetian macao; sands cotai central; the parisian macao; the plaza macao and four seasons hotel macao; and the sands macao. our operating segment in singapore is marina bay sands. our operating segments in the u.s. consist of the las vegas operating properties, which includes the venetian resort las vegas and the sands expo center, and sands bethlehem.
on march 8, 2018, we entered into a purchase and sale agreement under which pci gaming authority, an unincorporated, chartered instrumentality of the poarch band of creek indians, will acquire sands bethlehem for a total enterprise value of $1.30 billion. the closing of the transaction is subject to regulatory review and other closing conditions.
revenue recognition we adopted the new revenue recognition standard on january 1, 2018, on a full retrospective basis. revenue from contracts with customers primarily consists of casino wagers, room sales, food and beverage transactions, rental income from our mall tenants, convention sales and entertainment and ferry ticket sales. these contracts can be written, oral or implied by customary business practices.
gross casino revenue is the aggregate of gaming wins and losses. the commissions rebated to gaming promoters and premium players for rolling play, cash discounts and other cash incentives to patrons related to gaming play are recorded as a reduction to gross casino revenue. gaming contracts include a performance obligation to honor the patron's wager and typically include a performance obligation to provide a product or service to the patron on a complimentary basis to incentivize gaming or in exchange for points earned under our loyalty programs.
when a patron earns points under our loyalty programs, the estimated fair value of the points earned is deferred until redemption. once redeemed, revenue is recognized in its respective revenue type. similarly, revenue is also allocated to its respective revenue type for complimentaries provided at management's discretion. after the aforementioned allocations, the residual amount is recorded to casino revenue.
hotel revenue recognition criteria are met at the time of occupancy. food and beverage revenue recognition criteria are met at the time of service. convention revenues are recognized when the related service is rendered or the event is held. deposits for future hotel occupancy, convention space or food and beverage services contracts are recorded as deferred revenue until the revenue recognition criteria are met. cancellation fees for hotel, convention space and food and beverage services are recognized upon cancellation by the customer and are included in other revenues. ferry and entertainment revenue recognition criteria are met at the completion of the ferry trip or event, respectively. revenue from contracts with a combination of these services is allocated pro rata based on each service's stand-alone selling price.
revenue from leases is primarily recorded to mall revenue and is generated from base rents and overage rents received through long-term leases with retail tenants. base rent, adjusted for contractual escalations, is recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the related lease. overage rent is paid by a tenant when its sales exceed an agreed upon minimum amount and is not recognized until the threshold is met.
key operating revenue measurements operating revenues at the venetian macao, sands cotai central, the parisian macao, the plaza macao and four seasons hotel macao, marina bay sands and our las vegas operating properties are dependent upon the volume of customers who stay at the hotel, which affects the price that can be charged for hotel rooms and our gaming volume. operating revenues at sands macao and sands bethlehem are principally driven by casino customers who visit the properties on a daily basis.
casino revenue measurements for macao and singapore: macao and singapore table games are segregated into two groups: rolling chip play (composed of vip players) and non-rolling chip play (mostly non-vip players). the volume measurement for rolling chip play is non-negotiable gaming chips wagered and lost. the volume measurement for non-rolling chip play is table games drop ("drop"), which is net markers issued (credit instruments), cash deposited in the table drop boxes and gaming chips purchased and exchanged at the cage. rolling chip and non-rolling chip volume measurements are not comparable as they are two distinct measures of volume. the amounts wagered and lost for rolling chip play are substantially higher than the amounts dropped for non-rolling chip play. slot handle ("handle"), also a volume measurement, is the gross amount wagered for the period cited.
we view rolling chip win as a percentage of rolling chip volume, non-rolling chip win as a percentage of drop and slot hold (amount won by the casino) as a percentage of slot handle. win or hold percentage represents the percentage of rolling chip volume, non-rolling chip drop or slot handle that is won by the casino and recorded as casino revenue. our win and hold percentages are calculated before discounts, commissions, deferring revenue associated with our loyalty programs and allocating casino revenues related to goods and services provided to patrons on a complimentary basis. our rolling chip win percentage is expected to be 3.0% to 3.3% in macao and 2.7% to 3.0% in singapore. as of january 1, 2018, non-rolling chip drop at marina bay sands includes chips purchased and exchanged at the cage, consistent with our macao properties. prior period amounts have been updated to conform to
the current presentation. actual win percentage may vary from our expected win percentage and historical win and hold percentages. generally, slot machine play is conducted on a cash basis. in macao and singapore, 15.3% and 16.0%, respectively, of our table games play was conducted on a credit basis for the year ended december 31, 2018.
casino revenue measurements for the u.s.: the volume measurements in the u.s. are slot handle, as previously described, and table games drop, which is the total amount of cash and net markers issued deposited in the table drop box. we view table games win as a percentage of drop and slot hold as a percentage of handle. our win and hold percentages are calculated before discounts, commissions, deferring revenue associated with our loyalty programs and allocating casino revenues related to goods and services provided to patrons on a complimentary basis. based upon our mix of table games, our table games are expected to produce a win percentage of 18% to 26% for baccarat and 16% to 24% for non-baccarat. actual win percentage may vary from our expected win percentage and historical win and hold percentages. similar to macao and singapore, slot machine play is generally conducted on a cash basis. approximately 65.8% of our table games play at our las vegas operating properties, for the year ended december 31, 2018, was conducted on a credit basis, while our table games play in pennsylvania is primarily conducted on a cash basis.
hotel revenue measurements: performance indicators used are occupancy rate (a volume indicator), which is the average percentage of available hotel rooms occupied during a period and average daily room rate ("adr", a price indicator), which is the average price of occupied rooms per day. available rooms exclude those rooms unavailable for occupancy during the period due to renovation, development or other requirements. the calculations of the occupancy rate and adr include the impact of rooms provided on a complimentary basis. revenue per available room ("revpar") represents a summary of hotel adr and occupancy. because not all available rooms are occupied, adr is normally higher than revpar. reserved rooms where the guests do not show up for their stay and lose their deposit, or where guests check out early, may be re-sold to walk-in guests.
mall revenue measurements: occupancy, base rent per square foot and tenant sales per square foot are used as performance indicators. occupancy represents gross leasable occupied area ("gloa") divided by gross leasable area ("gla") at the end of the reporting period. gloa is the sum of: (1) tenant occupied space under lease and (2) tenants no longer occupying space, but paying rent. gla does not include space currently under development or not on the market for lease. base rent per square foot is the weighted average base or minimum rent charge in effect at the end of the reporting period for all tenants that would qualify to be included in occupancy. tenant sales per square foot is the sum of reported comparable sales for the trailing 12 months divided by the comparable square footage for the same period. only tenants that have been open for a minimum of 12 months are included in the tenant sales per square foot calculation.
summary financial results net revenues and operating income for the year ended december 31, 2018, increased 7.9% to $13.73 billion and 8.3% to $3.75 billion compared to $12.73 billion and $3.46 billion, respectively, for the year ended december 31, 2017. the increases were primarily driven by stronger operating performance in macao due to a 14% increase in revenues. net income decreased 9.6% to $2.95 billion for the year ended december 31, 2018, compared to $3.26 billion for the year ended december 31, 2017. the decrease was primarily driven by an increase in tax expense due to a nonrecurring non-cash income tax benefit of $526 million related to u.s. tax reform (as discussed below), partially offset by the increase in operating income. adjusted property ebitda for the year ended december 31, 2018, increased 7.7% to $5.28 billion, compared to $4.90 billion for the year ended december 31, 2017.
2018                                                           2017          percent change
consolidated net revenues were $13.73 billion for the year ended december 31, 2018, an increase of $1.0 billion compared to $12.73 billion for the year ended december 31, 2017. the increase was primarily driven by a $1.08 billion increase from our macao operations, primarily due to increased casino revenues. the increase was partially offset by a $65 million decrease at marina bay sands, primarily due to decreased casino revenues.
casino revenues increased $733 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2017. the increase was primarily attributable to a $936 million increase at our macao operating properties, driven by increases in non-rolling chip drop and rolling chip volume. the increase was partially offset by a $155 million decrease at marina bay sands, driven by a decrease in rolling chip volume. the following table summarizes the results of our casino activity:
2018                                                              2017             change
2018                                                                           2017              change
(1)   as of january 1, 2018, non-rolling chip drop includes chips purchased and exchanged at the cage. prior period amounts have been updated to conform to the current period presentation.
in our experience, average win percentages remain fairly consistent when measured over extended periods of time with a significant volume of wagers, but can vary considerably within shorter time periods as a result of the statistical variances associated with games of chance in which large amounts are wagered.
our las vegas operating properties, respectively, driven by increased occupancy and average daily room rates. during the year ended december 31, 2018, there were approximately 18% fewer average rooms available at the parisian macao compared to the year ended december 31, 2017, due to room renovations. the following table summarizes the results of our room activity:
2018                                                                       2017             change
mall revenues increased $39 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2017. the increase was primarily due to increases of $14 million, $13 million and $12 million at the shoppes at four seasons, the shoppes at venetian and the shoppes at marina bay sands, respectively, driven by overage rents as well as additional retail space available at sands cotai central. for further information related to the financial performance of our malls, see "additional information regarding our retail mall operations." the following table summarizes the results of our malls on the cotai strip in macao and in singapore:
2018                                                                        2017              change
convention, retail and other revenues increased $45 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2017. the increase was primarily due to increases of $20 million and $15 million at our las vegas operating properties and at marina bay sands, respectively, driven by an increase in convention business. the increase was also attributable to the recovery of business interruption insurance proceeds in macao related to typhoon hato and typhoon mangkhut.
2018                                                                          2017           percent change
provision for doubtful accounts                       5                    96               (94.8        )%
development                                          12                    13                (7.7        )%
loss on disposal or impairment of assets            150                    20               650.0         %
operating expenses were $9.98 billion for the year ended december 31, 2018, an increase of $714 million compared to $9.26 billion for the year ended december 31, 2017. the increase in operating expenses was driven by an increase in casino expense at our macao operating properties due to increased casino revenues and visitation.
the provision for doubtful accounts was $5 million for the year ended december 31, 2018, compared to $96 million for the year ended december 31, 2017. the decrease resulted from increased collections of previously reserved customer balances during year ended december 31, 2018, as compared to the prior year period, and continued improvement in the quality of casino credit currently being extended. the amount of this provision can vary over short
periods of time because of factors specific to the customers who owe us money from gaming activities at any given time. we believe the amount of our provision for doubtful accounts in the future will depend upon the state of the economy, our credit standards, our risk assessments and the judgment of our employees responsible for granting credit.
general and administrative expenses increased $66 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2017. the increase was primarily due to a $35 million increase in team member costs across all our properties, a $22 million increase at marina bay sands driven by an increase in property taxes and a $15 million increase at our las vegas operating properties due to increased marketing and advertising efforts and property operations costs.
corporate expenses increased $29 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2017. the increase was primarily due to political contributions made during the year ended december 31, 2018.
depreciation and amortization decreased $60 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2017. the decrease was primarily attributable to a $127 million decrease resulting from a change in the estimated useful lives of certain property and equipment, partially offset by a $73 million increase due to the acceleration of depreciation on certain assets to be disposed in conjunction with the londoner macao project.
loss on disposal or impairment of assets was $150 million for the year ended december 31, 2018, compared to $20 million for the year ended december 31, 2017. the loss for the year ended december 31, 2018, consisted primarily of a $128 million write-off of costs related to the four seasons tower suites macao project.
segment adjusted property ebitda the following table summarizes information related to our segments (see "item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data - notes to consolidated financial statements - note 19 - segment information" for discussion of our operating segments and a reconciliation of consolidated adjusted property ebitda to net income):
2018                                                                           2017           percent change
united states:
consolidated adjusted property ebitda(1)          $5,279                $4,900                 7.7         %
(1)   consolidated adjusted property ebitda, which is a non-gaap financial measure, is net income before stock-based compensation expense, corporate expense, pre-opening expense, development expense, depreciation and amortization, amortization of leasehold interests in land, gain or loss on disposal or impairment of assets, interest, other income or expense, gain or loss on modification or early retirement of debt and income taxes. consolidated adjusted property ebitda is a supplemental non-gaap financial measure used by management, as well as industry analysts, to evaluate operations and operating performance. in particular, management utilizes consolidated adjusted property ebitda to compare the operating profitability of our operations with those of our competitors, as well as a basis for determining certain incentive compensation. integrated resort companies have historically reported adjusted property ebitda as a supplemental performance measure to gaap financial
measures. in order to view the operations of their properties on a more stand-alone basis, integrated resort companies, including las vegas sands corp., have historically excluded certain expenses that do not relate to the management of specific properties, such as pre-opening expense, development expense and corporate expense, from their adjusted property ebitda calculations. consolidated adjusted property ebitda should not be interpreted as an alternative to income from operations (as an indicator of operating performance) or to cash flows from operations (as a measure of liquidity), in each case, as determined in accordance with gaap. we have significant uses of cash flow, including capital expenditures, dividend payments, interest payments, debt principal repayments and income taxes, which are not reflected in consolidated adjusted property ebitda. not all companies calculate adjusted property ebitda in the same manner. as a result, our presentation of consolidated adjusted property ebitda may not be directly comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies.
adjusted property ebitda at our integrated resorts is primarily driven by our casino, room and mall operations, as previously discussed.
adjusted property ebitda at our macao operations increased $472 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2017. as previously described, the increase was primarily due to increased casino revenues, driven by increases in non-rolling chip drop and rolling chip volume, increased room revenues, driven by increases in occupancy and adr, as well as increased mall revenues, driven by overage rents.
adjusted property ebitda at marina bay sands decreased $65 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2017. as previously described, the decrease was primarily due to decreased casino revenues, driven by a decrease in rolling chip volume, partially offset by an increase in non-gaming operations and a decrease in the provision for doubtful accounts, driven by collections on previously reserved customer balances.
adjusted property ebitda at sands bethlehem decreased $31 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2017. the decrease was primarily due to decreased casino revenues, driven by a decrease in table games win percentage.
interest expense the following table summarizes information related to interest expense:
interest cost (which includes the amortization of deferred financing costs and original issue discounts)        $434                    $314
less - capitalized interest                                                                                       (3     )                (2     )
cash paid for interest                                                                                          $329                    $271
interest cost increased $120 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2017, resulting primarily from increases in our weighted average interest rate and weighted average total debt balance. the increase in our weighted average interest rate was due to the issuance of the scl senior notes and increases in interest rates globally. our weighted average total debt balance increased in connection with the issuance of the scl senior notes and additional borrowings on our u.s. credit facility (see "item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data - notes to consolidated financial statements - note 9 - long-term debt).
other factors affecting earnings other income was $26 million for the year ended december 31, 2018, compared to other expense of $94 million during the year ended december 31, 2017. other income during the year ended december 31, 2018, was primarily attributable to $25 million of foreign currency transaction gains, driven by singapore dollar denominated intercompany
the loss on modification or early retirement of debt was $64 million for the year ended december 31, 2018, primarily due to the write-off of unamortized deferred financing fees resulting from the early retirement of our 2016 vml credit facility in connection with the issuance of the scl senior notes (see "item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data - notes to consolidated financial statements - note 9 - long-term debt - 2016 vml credit facility").
our effective income tax rate was 11.3% for the year ended december 31, 2018, compared to (6.8)% for the year ended december 31, 2017. u.s. tax reform made significant changes to u.s. income tax laws including lowering the u.s. corporate tax rate to 21% effective beginning in 2018 and transitioning from a worldwide tax system to a territorial tax system resulting in dividends from our foreign subsidiaries not being subject to u.s. income tax and creating a one-time tax on previously unremitted earnings of foreign subsidiaries. the effective tax rate for 2018 included a one-time discrete expense of $57 million resulting from recently issued guidance by the internal revenue service related to certain international provisions of the act. our effective tax rate for 2018 would have been 9.6% without the one-time discrete expense. the discrete tax expense recorded during 2018 relates to an increase in the valuation allowance recorded on certain u.s. foreign tax credit assets as we determined these assets were no longer "more-likely-than-not" realizable due to concluding how the foreign tax credits allowed against the u.s. tax liability, would be utilized. the effective tax rate for 2017 included a one-time discrete benefit of $526 million recorded as a result of u.s. tax reform. our effective tax rate for 2017 would have been 10.4% without the one-time discrete benefit.
the effective income tax rates reflect a 17% statutory tax rate on our singapore operations and a zero percent tax rate on our macao gaming operations due to our income tax exemption in macao. in august 2018, our income tax exemption in macao was extended through june 26, 2022, the date our subconcession agreement expires. we have recorded a valuation allowance related to certain deferred tax assets previously generated by operations in the u.s. and certain foreign jurisdictions; however, to the extent the financial results of these operations improve or we determine related administrative guidance, notices, implementation regulations, potential legislative amendments or interpretations of the act require changes to positions we have taken and it becomes "more-likely-than-not" these deferred tax assets or a portion thereof are realizable, we will reduce the valuation allowances in the period such determination is made, as appropriate.
the net income attributable to our noncontrolling interests was $538 million for the year ended december 31, 2018, compared to $455 million for the year ended december 31, 2017. these amounts are primarily related to the noncontrolling interest of scl and reflect the increased net income generated by scl in 2018.
2017                                                           2016           percent change
consolidated net revenues were $12.73 billion for the year ended december 31, 2017, an increase of $1.46 billion compared to $11.27 billion for the year ended december 31, 2016. the increase was primarily due to increases of $994 million at the parisian macao, which opened in september 2016, and $343 million at marina bay sands, primarily due to increased casino revenues.
casino revenues increased $1.20 billion compared to the year ended december 31, 2016. the increase was due to increases of $805 million at the parisian macao, which opened in september 2016, and $368 million at marina bay sands, driven by increases in rolling chip win percentage and volume. the following table summarizes the results of our casino activity:
2017                                                                           2016              change
2017                                                                 2016             change
(1)   as of january 1, 2018, non-rolling chip drop includes chips purchased and exchanged at the cage. prior period amounts have been updated to conform to the current period presentation.
room revenues increased $87 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2016. the increase was primarily due to increases of $92 million at the parisian macao, which opened in september 2016, and $24 million at sands cotai central, driven by increased occupancy and average daily room rates, partially offset by an $18 million decrease at marina bay sands, driven by decreased occupancy and fewer rooms available due to renovations. during the year ended december 31, 2017, there were approximately 9%, 8% and 4% fewer rooms available at the plaza macao and four seasons hotel macao, the venetian macao and marina bay sands, respectively, compared to the year ended december 31, 2016. the following table summarizes the results of our room activity:
2017                                                 2016                        change
food and beverage revenues increased $81 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2016. the increase was primarily due to increases of $43 million at our las vegas operating properties, driven by an increase in banquet operations associated with our convention customers and $41 million at the parisian macao, which opened in september 2016.
mall revenues increased $60 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2016. the increase was primarily due to a $43 million increase in revenues from the shoppes at parisian. for further information related to the financial performance of our malls, see "additional information regarding our retail mall operations." the following table summarizes the results of our malls on the cotai strip in macao and in singapore:
2017                                                                        2016              change
(2)   the shoppes at parisian opened in september 2016. tenant sales per square foot reflect sales from tenants only after the tenant has been open for a period of 12 months.
2017                                                                          2016            percent change
provision for doubtful accounts                      96                   173             (44.5    )%
development                                          13                     9              44.4     %
loss on disposal or impairment of assets             20                    79             (74.7    )%
operating expenses were $9.26 billion for the year ended december 31, 2017, an increase of $495 million compared to $8.77 billion for the year ended december 31, 2016. the increase in operating expenses was driven by the opening of the parisian macao in september 2016.
the provision for doubtful accounts was $96 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, compared to $173 million for the year ended december 31, 2016. the decrease resulted from increased collections of previously reserved customer balances during year ended december 31, 2017, as compared to the prior year period, and continued improvement in the quality of casino credit currently being extended. the amount of this provision can vary over short periods of time because of factors specific to the customers who owe us money from gaming activities at any given time. we believe the amount of our provision for doubtful accounts in the future will depend upon the state of the economy, our credit standards, our risk assessments and the judgment of our employees responsible for granting credit.
general and administrative expenses increased $130 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2016. the increase was primarily due to an $89 million increase at the parisian macao and increases of $18 million at our las vegas operating properties, driven by an increase in marketing and advertising efforts, and $12 million at the venetian macao, driven by an increase in team member related expenses.
corporate expenses decreased $83 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2016. the decrease was primarily due to nonrecurring legal costs incurred during the year ended december 31, 2016.
pre-opening expense represents personnel and other costs incurred prior to the opening of new ventures, which are expensed as incurred. pre-opening expenses decreased $122 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2016, primarily due to the parisian macao. development expenses include the costs associated with the company's evaluation and pursuit of new business opportunities, which are also expensed as incurred.
depreciation and amortization expense increased $60 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2016. the increase is primarily attributable to a $144 million increase at the parisian macao, partially offset by a $112 million decrease resulting from a change in the estimated useful lives of certain property and equipment (see "item 8 - financial
statements and supplementary data - notes to consolidated financial statements - note 2 - summary of significant accounting policies - property and equipment").
loss on disposal or impairment of assets was $20 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, compared to $79 million for the year ended december 31, 2016. the loss for the year ended december 31, 2017, primarily related to dispositions at our macao and u.s. operations.
adjusted property ebitda the following table summarizes information related to our segments:
2017                                                                           2016            percent change
united states:
consolidated adjusted property ebitda             $4,900                $4,139              18.4     %
adjusted property ebitda at our integrated resorts is primarily driven by our casino, room and mall operations, as previously discussed.
adjusted property ebitda at our macao operations increased $362 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2016. the increase was primarily due to a $298 million increase at the parisian macao, which opened in september 2016, and $44 million at the venetian macao, mainly due to increased casino operations, driven by an increase in non-rolling chip drop.
adjusted property ebitda at marina bay sands increased $360 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2016. the increase was primarily due to increased casino revenues, driven by increases in rolling chip win percentage and volume. the increase was partially offset by a decrease in room revenues, driven by fewer rooms available due to renovations.
adjusted property ebitda at our las vegas operating properties increased $35 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2016. the increase was primarily due to a $54 million increase in net revenues (excluding intersegment royalty revenue), driven by increased convention and group meeting events benefiting food and beverage results and higher win percentage driving casino revenues, partially offset by an increase in marketing and advertising costs.
interest expense the following table summarizes information related to interest expense:
interest cost (which includes the amortization of deferred financing costs and original issue discounts)        $314                    $293
less - capitalized interest                                                                                       (2     )               (34     )
cash paid for interest                                                                                          $271                    $248
interest cost increased $21 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2016, resulting primarily from an increase in our weighted average total debt balance and a slight increase in our weighted average interest rate. capitalized interest decreased $32 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2016, primarily due to the opening of the parisian macao in september 2016.
other factors affecting earnings other expense was $94 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, compared to other income of $31 million during the year ended december 31, 2016. other expense during the year ended december 31, 2017, was primarily attributable to a depreciation of the u.s. dollar versus the singapore dollar during the period. this resulted in $83 million of foreign currency transaction losses, driven by singapore dollar denominated intercompany debt reported in u.s. dollars, and a $12 million fair value adjustment on our singapore forward contracts.
the loss on modification or early retirement of debt was $5 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, and primarily related the amendment to the 2013 u.s. credit facility (see "item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data - notes to consolidated financial statements - note 9 - long-term debt - 2013 u.s. credit facility").
our effective income tax rate was (6.8)% for the year ended december 31, 2017, compared to 10.6% for the year ended december 31, 2016. the decrease in the effective income tax rate relates primarily to the release of certain valuation allowances as a result of u.s. tax reform. the act made significant changes to u.s. income tax laws including lowering the u.s. corporate tax rate to 21% effective beginning in 2018 and transitioning from a worldwide tax system to a territorial tax system resulting in dividends from our foreign subsidiaries not being subject to u.s. income tax and creating a one-time tax on previously unremitted earnings of foreign subsidiaries.
the effective income tax rates reflect a 17% statutory tax rate on our singapore operations and a zero percent tax rate on our macao gaming operations due to our income tax exemption in macao. we have recorded a valuation allowance related to certain deferred tax assets generated by operations in the u.s. and certain foreign jurisdictions; however, to the extent the financial results of these operations improve and it becomes "more-likely-than-not" these deferred tax assets or a portion thereof are realizable, we will reduce the valuation allowances in the period such determination is made as appropriate. our effective tax rate for 2017 would have been 10.4% without a one-time discrete benefit of $526 million recorded as a result of the impact of u.s. tax reform.
the net income attributable to our noncontrolling interests was $455 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, compared to $346 million for the year ended december 31, 2016. these amounts are primarily related to the noncontrolling interest of scl and reflect the increased net income generated by scl in 2017.
additional information regarding our retail mall operations the following tables summarize the results of our mall operations on the cotai strip and at marina bay sands for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016:
for the year ended december 31, 2018
marketing and other direct operating expenses                 9                                3                                  3                               4                                      7                         26
provision for doubtful accounts                               -                                -                                  1                               1                                      -                          2
for the year ended december 31, 2017
marketing and other direct operating expenses                 8                                4                                  3                               5                                      6                         26
provision for doubtful accounts                               -                                -                                  1                               2                                      -                          3
for the year ended december 31, 2016
marketing and other direct operating expenses                 5                                3                                  2                               2                                      6                         18
provision for doubtful accounts                               3                                -                                  -                               -                                      2                          5
(2)   commercial property that generates rental income is exempt from property tax for the first six years for newly constructed buildings in cotai. each property is also eligible to obtain an additional six-year exemption, provided certain qualifications are met. to date, the venetian macao, the plaza macao and four seasons hotel macao and the parisian macao have obtained a second exemption, extending the property tax exemption to july 2019, july 2020 and august 2028, respectively. under the initial exemption, sands cotai central has a distinct exemption for each hotel tower with expiration dates that range from march 2018 to november 2021. the company is currently working on obtaining the second exemption for sands cotai central.
(3)   mall-related expenses consist of cam, marketing fees and other direct operating expenses, property taxes and provision for doubtful accounts, but excludes depreciation and amortization and general and administrative costs.
it is common in the mall operating industry for companies to disclose mall net operating income ("noi") as a useful supplemental measure of a mall's operating performance. because noi excludes general and administrative expenses, interest expense, impairment losses, depreciation and amortization, gains and losses from property dispositions, allocations to noncontrolling interests and provision for income taxes, it provides a performance measure that, when compared year over year, reflects the revenues and expenses directly associated with owning and operating commercial real estate properties and the impact on operations from trends in occupancy rates, rental rates and operating costs.
in the tables above, we believe taking total mall revenues less mall-related expenses provides an operating performance measure for our malls. other mall operating companies may use different methodologies for deriving mall-related expenses. as such, this calculation may not be comparable to the noi of other mall operating companies.
development projects we are constantly evaluating opportunities to improve our product offerings, such as refreshing our meeting and convention facilities, suites and rooms, retail malls, restaurant and nightlife mix and our gaming areas, as well as other revenue generating additions to our integrated resorts.
macao as of december 31, 2018, we have capitalized an aggregate of $12.93 billion in construction costs and land premiums for our cotai strip developments, which include the venetian macao, sands cotai central, the parisian macao and the plaza macao and four seasons hotel macao, as well as our investments in transportation infrastructure, including our passenger ferry service operations.
we previously announced the renovation, expansion and rebranding of the sands cotai central into a new destination integrated resort, the londoner macao, by adding extensive thematic elements both externally and internally. the londoner macao will feature new attractions and features from london, including some of london's most recognizable landmarks, and expanded retail and food and beverage venues. we will add approximately 370 luxury suites in the st. regis tower suites macao. design work is nearing completion and construction is being initiated and will be phased to minimize disruption during the property's peak periods. we expect the additional st. regis tower suites macao to be completed in 2020 and the londoner macao project to be completed in phases throughout 2020 and 2021.
we also previously announced the four seasons tower suites macao, which will feature approximately 290 additional premium quality suites. we have completed the structural work of the tower and have commenced preliminary build out of the suites. we expect the project to be completed in the first quarter of 2020.
we anticipate the total costs associated with these development projects to be approximately $2.2 billion. the ultimate costs and completion dates for these projects are subject to change as we finalize our planning and design work and complete the projects. see "item 1a - risk factors - risks related to our business - there are significant risks associated with our construction projects, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows."
united states we were constructing the las vegas condo tower, located on the las vegas strip within the venetian resort las vegas. in 2008, we suspended our construction activities for the project due to reduced demand for las vegas strip condominiums and the overall decline in general economic conditions. we continue to evaluate the highest return opportunity for the project. the impact of the suspension on the estimated overall cost of the project is currently not determinable with certainty. should management decide to abandon the project, we could record a charge for some portion of the $129 million in capitalized construction costs as of december 31, 2018.
other we continue to evaluate additional development projects in each of our markets and pursue new development opportunities globally.
liquidity and capital resources cash flows - summary our cash flows consisted of the following:
net cash generated from operating activities                                                $4,701                $4,543                $4,044
cash flows from investing activities:
capital expenditures                                                                          (949    )             (837    )           (1,398    )
acquisition of intangible assets                                                                 -                     -                   (47    )
net cash used in investing activities                                                         (930    )             (822    )           (1,440    )
cash flows from financing activities:
proceeds from exercise of stock options                                                         79                    40                    17
payments of financing costs                                                                   (132    )               (5    )              (33    )
net cash used in financing activities                                                       (1,522    )           (3,487    )           (2,631    )
effect of exchange rate on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash                          (18    )               58                   (22    )
cash flows - operating activities table games play at our properties is conducted on a cash and credit basis, while slot machine play is primarily conducted on a cash basis. our rooms, food and beverage and other non-gaming revenues are conducted primarily on a cash basis or as a trade receivable, resulting in operating cash flows being generally affected by changes in operating income and accounts receivable. for the year ended december 31, 2018, net cash generated from operating activities increased $158 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2017. the increase was primarily attributable to an increase in operating income, driven by our macao operations. for the year ended december 31, 2017, net cash generated from operating activities increased $499 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2016. the increase was primarily attributable to the increase in operating cash flows generated from our macao and singapore operations.
cash flows - investing activities capital expenditures for the year ended december 31, 2018, totaled $949 million, including $535 million in macao, which consisted primarily of $180 million for the venetian macao, $131 million for each of sands cotai central and the parisian macao; $182 million in singapore; $127 million at our las vegas operating properties; and $105 million for corporate and other activities.
capital expenditures for the year ended december 31, 2017, totaled $837 million, including $479 million in macao, which consisted primarily of $204 million for the parisian macao, $153 million for the venetian macao and $86 million for sands cotai central; $196 million in singapore; $123 million at our las vegas operating properties; and $39 million for corporate and other activities.
capital expenditures for the year ended december 31, 2016, totaled $1.40 billion, including $1.19 billion in macao, which consisted primarily of $925 million for the parisian macao and $128 million for sands cotai central; $92 million at our las vegas operating properties; $83 million in singapore; and $38 million for corporate and other activities. additionally, during the year ended december 31, 2016, we paid sgd 66 million (approximately $47 million at exchange rates in effect at the time of the transaction) to renew our singapore gaming license for a three-year term.
cash flows - financing activities net cash flows used in financing activities were $1.52 billion for the year ended december 31, 2018, which was primarily attributable to $2.98 billion in dividend payments and $905 million in common stock repurchases, partially offset by net proceeds of $2.42 billion from the issuance of the scl senior notes and borrowings under the 2013 u.s. credit facility.
net cash flows used in financing activities were $3.49 billion for the year ended december 31, 2017, which was primarily attributable to $2.94 billion in dividend payments, $375 million in common stock repurchases, net repayments of $204 million on our various credit facilities, partially offset by proceeds of $40 million from the exercise of stock options.
net cash flows used in financing activities were $2.63 billion for the year ended december 31, 2016, which was primarily attributable to $2.92 billion in dividend payments, partially offset by $309 million of net proceeds from our various credit facilities.
as of december 31, 2018, we had $3.51 billion available for borrowing under our u.s., macao and singapore credit facilities, net of letters of credit.
capital financing overview we fund our development projects primarily through borrowings from our debt instruments (see "item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data - notes to consolidated financial statements - note 9 - long-term debt") and operating cash flows.
in march 2018, we amended our sgd 4.80 billion (approximately $3.51 billion at exchange rates in effect on december 31, 2018) singapore credit facility, which extended the maturities of the term loans and revolving loans to march 29, 2024, and september 29, 2023, respectively, and amended the amortization schedule and the leverage covenant to provide that the leverage ratio not exceed 4.0x for all quarterly periods through maturity (see "item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data - notes to consolidated financial statements - note 9 - long-term debt - 2012 singapore credit facility").
in march 2018, we amended our u.s. credit facility, which refinanced the term loans in an aggregate amount of $2.16 billion, extended the maturity of the term loans to march 27, 2025, and reduced the applicable margin credit spread for borrowings under the term loans. in june 2018, we further amended our u.s. credit facility to, among other things, increase the amount of the term loans by $1.35 billion, to an aggregate amount of $3.51 billion (see "item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data - notes to consolidated financial statements - note 9 - long-term debt - 2013 u.s. credit facility").
in august 2018, scl issued, in a private offering, three series of unsecured notes in an aggregate principal amount of $5.50 billion (see "item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data - notes to consolidated financial statements - note 9 - long-term debt - scl senior notes"). a portion of the net proceeds from the offering was
used to repay in full the outstanding borrowings under the prior macao credit facility. we will use the remaining net proceeds from the offering of the scl senior notes for general corporate purposes, including capital expenditures. in connection with the scl senior notes, we entered into interest rate swap agreements in august 2018, which were designated as fair value hedges (see "item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data - notes to consolidated financial statements - note 10 - derivative instruments").
we entered into a $2.0 billion revolving credit facility available pursuant to the facility agreement, dated november 20, 2018, (the "scl credit facility") and on november 20, 2018, effective as of november 21, 2018, we canceled the remaining commitments under the prior macao credit facility. as of december 31, 2018, no amounts were drawn on the scl credit facility.
our u.s., macao and singapore credit facilities, as amended, contain various financial covenants, which include maintaining a maximum leverage ratio of debt or net debt, as defined, to trailing twelve-month adjusted earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, as defined ("adjusted ebitda"). the u.s. credit facility requires our las vegas operations to maintain a maximum leverage ratio of net debt to adjusted ebitda at the end of each quarter to the extent any revolving loans or certain letters of credit are outstanding. the maximum leverage ratio is 5.5x for all quarterly periods through maturity. we can elect to contribute cash on hand to our las vegas operations on a bi-quarterly basis; such contributions having the effect of increasing adjusted ebitda during the applicable quarter for purposes of calculating compliance with the maximum leverage ratio. our scl credit facility requires our macao operations to comply with similar financial covenants, including maintaining a maximum leverage ratio of debt to adjusted ebitda of 4.0x for all quarterly periods through maturity. our singapore credit facility requires our marina bay sands operations to comply with similar financial covenants, including maintaining a maximum leverage ratio of debt to adjusted ebitda of 4.0x for all quarterly periods through maturity. as of december 31, 2018, our u.s., macao and singapore leverage ratios, as defined per the respective credit facility agreements, were 0.6x, 1.9x and 1.9x, respectively, compared to the maximum leverage ratios allowed of 5.5x, 4.0x and 4.0x, respectively. if we are unable to maintain compliance with the financial covenants under these credit facilities, we would be in default under the respective credit facilities.
any defaults under our debt agreements would allow the lenders, in each case, to exercise their rights and remedies as defined under their respective agreements. if the lenders were to exercise their rights to accelerate the due dates of the indebtedness outstanding, there can be no assurance we would be able to repay or refinance any amounts that may become due and payable under such agreements, which could force us to restructure or alter our operations or debt obligations.
we held unrestricted cash and cash equivalents of approximately $4.65 billion and restricted cash and cash equivalents of approximately $13 million as of december 31, 2018, of which approximately $3.0 billion of the unrestricted amount is held by non-u.s. subsidiaries. of the $3.0 billion, approximately $2.20 billion is available to be repatriated to the u.s., and we do not expect withholding taxes or other foreign income taxes to apply should these earnings be distributed in the form of dividends or otherwise. u.s. tax reform created a one-time mandatory tax on the previously unremitted earnings of foreign subsidiaries upon transitioning from a worldwide tax system to a territorial tax system. the foreign taxes paid on these earnings created a u.s. foreign tax credit that offsets this one-time tax. foreign earnings repatriated to the u.s. in the future will be exempt from u.s. income tax and we do not expect significant withholding or other foreign taxes to apply to the repatriation of these earnings. the remaining unrestricted amounts held by non-u.s. subsidiaries are not available for repatriation primarily due to dividend requirements to third-party public shareholders in the case of funds being repatriated from scl. we believe the cash on hand and cash flow generated from operations, as well as the $3.51 billion available for borrowing under our u.s., macao and singapore credit facilities, net of outstanding letters of credit, as of december 31, 2018, will be sufficient to maintain compliance with the financial covenants of our credit facilities and fund our working capital needs, committed and planned capital expenditures, development opportunities, debt obligations and dividend commitments. in the normal course of our activities, we will continue to evaluate global capital markets to consider future opportunities for enhancements of our capital structure.
during the year ended december 31, 2018, we paid a quarterly dividend of $0.75 per common share as part of a regular cash dividend program and recorded $2.35 billion as a distribution against retained earnings. in january 2019, our board of directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.77 per common share (a total estimated to be approximately $597 million) to be paid on march 28, 2019, to shareholders of record on march 20, 2019. we expect this level of
in november 2016, our board of directors authorized the repurchase of $1.56 billion of our outstanding common stock, which was to expire in november 2018. in june 2018, our board of directors authorized increasing the remaining repurchase amount of $1.11 billion to $2.50 billion and extending the expiration date to november 2020. during the year ended december 31, 2018, we repurchased 14,998,127 shares of our common stock for $905 million (including commissions) under this program. all share repurchases of our common stock have been recorded as treasury stock. repurchases of our common stock are made at our discretion in accordance with applicable federal securities laws in the open market or otherwise. the timing and actual number of shares to be repurchased in the future will depend on a variety of factors, including our financial position, earnings, legal requirements, other investment opportunities and market conditions.
2013 u.s. credit facility            $35                 $70                   $70                $3,310                $3,485
2012 singapore credit facility        63                 126                 2,332                   563                 3,084
capital leases                        13                   3                     -                     -                    16
mall deposits(5)                      52                  68                    18                    11                   149
(1)   as of december 31, 2018, we had a $51 million liability related to uncertain tax positions; we do not expect this liability to result in a payment of cash within the next 12 months. we are unable to reasonably estimate the timing of the liability in individual years beyond 12 months due to uncertainties in the timing of the effective settlement of tax positions; therefore, such amounts are not included in the table.
(2)   see "item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data - notes to consolidated financial statements - note 9 - long-term debt" for further details on these financing transactions.
(3)   based on the 1-month rates as of december 31, 2018, london inter-bank offered rate ("libor") of 2.50%, and singapore swap offer rate ("sor") of 1.75% plus the applicable interest rate spread in accordance with the respective debt agreements.
(4)   we are party to certain operating leases for real estate and various equipment, which primarily include $135 million related to a 99-year lease agreement (85 years remaining) for a parking structure located adjacent to the venetian resort las vegas, $90 million related to certain leaseback agreements related to the sale of the grand canal shoppes and $77 million related to long-term land leases with an initial term of 25 years.
(5)   mall deposits consist of refundable security deposits received from mall tenants.
(6)   in addition to the 39% gross gaming win tax in macao (which is not included in this table as the amount we pay is variable in nature), we are required to pay an annual premium with a fixed portion and a variable portion, which is based on the number and type of gaming tables and gaming machines we operate. based on the gaming tables and gaming machines in operation as of december 31, 2018, the annual premium payable to the macao government is approximately $42 million through the termination of the gaming subconcession in june 2022.
(7)   consists of all other non-cancellable contractual obligations and primarily relates to certain hotel and restaurant management and service agreements. the amounts exclude open purchase orders with our suppliers that have not yet been received as these agreements generally allow us the option to cancel, reschedule and adjust terms based on our business needs prior to the delivery of goods or performance of services.
off-balance sheet arrangements we have not entered into any transactions with special purpose entities, nor have we engaged in any derivative transactions other than interest rate swaps.
restrictions on distributions we are a parent company with limited business operations. our main asset is the stock and membership interests of our subsidiaries. the debt instruments of our u.s., macao and singapore subsidiaries contain certain restrictions that, among other things, limit the ability of certain subsidiaries to incur additional indebtedness, issue disqualified stock or equity interests, pay dividends or make other distributions, repurchase equity interests or certain indebtedness, create certain liens, enter into certain transactions with affiliates, enter into certain mergers or consolidations or sell our assets of our company without prior approval of the lenders or noteholders.
special note regarding forward-looking statements this report contains forward-looking statements made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. these forward-looking statements include the discussions of our business strategies and expectations concerning future operations, margins, profitability, liquidity and capital resources. in addition, in certain portions included in this report, the words: "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "seeks," "expects," "plans," "intends" and similar expressions, as they relate to our company or management, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. although we believe these forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot assure you any forward-looking statements will prove to be correct. these forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. these factors include, among others, the risks associated with:
•   general economic and business conditions in the u.s. and internationally, which may impact levels of disposable income, consumer spending, group meeting business, pricing of hotel rooms and retail and mall sales;
•   the uncertainty of consumer behavior related to discretionary spending and vacationing at our integrated resorts in macao, singapore, las vegas and bethlehem, pennsylvania;
•   the extensive regulations to which we are subject and the costs of compliance or failure to comply with such regulations;
•   our ability to maintain our gaming licenses, certificate and subconcession in macao, singapore, las vegas and bethlehem, pennsylvania;
•   new developments, construction projects and ventures, including our cotai strip developments;
•   fluctuations in currency exchange rates and interest rates;
•   regulatory policies in mainland china or other countries in which our customers reside, or where we have operations, including visa restrictions limiting the number of visits or the length of stay for visitors from mainland china to macao, restrictions on foreign currency exchange or importation of currency, and the judicial enforcement of gaming debts;
•   our leverage, debt service and debt covenant compliance, including the pledge of our assets (other than our equity interests in our subsidiaries) as security for our indebtedness and ability to refinance our debt obligations as they come due or to obtain sufficient funding for our planned, or any future, development projects;
•   increased competition for labor and materials due to planned construction projects in macao and quota limits on the hiring of foreign workers;
•   our ability to obtain required visas and work permits for management and employees from outside countries to work in macao, and our ability to compete for the managers and employees with the skills required to perform the services we offer at our properties;
•   our dependence upon properties primarily in macao, singapore and las vegas for all of our cash flow;
•   the passage of new legislation and receipt of governmental approvals for our operations in macao and singapore, and other jurisdictions where we are planning to operate;
•   our insurance coverage, including the risk we have not obtained sufficient coverage, may not be able to obtain sufficient coverage in the future, or will only be able to obtain additional coverage at significantly increased rates;
•   disruptions or reductions in travel, as well as disruptions in our operations, due to natural or man-made disasters, outbreaks of infectious diseases, terrorist activity or war;
•   our ability to collect gaming receivables from our credit players;
•   our relationship with gaming promoters in macao;
•   our dependence on chance and theoretical win rates;
•   our ability to establish and protect our ip rights;
•   government regulation of the casino industry (as well as new laws and regulations and changes to existing laws and regulations), including gaming license regulation, the requirement for certain beneficial owners of our securities to be found suitable by gaming authorities, the legalization of gaming in other jurisdictions and regulation of gaming on the internet;
•   increased competition in macao and las vegas, including recent and upcoming increases in hotel rooms, meeting and convention space, retail space, potential additional gaming licenses and online gaming;
•   the popularity of macao, singapore and las vegas as convention and trade show destinations;
•   new taxes, changes to existing tax rates or proposed changes in tax legislation and the impact of u.s. tax reform;
•   the continued services of our key management and personnel;
•   the ability of our subsidiaries to make distribution payments to us;
•   labor actions and other labor problems;
•   our failure to maintain the integrity of information systems that contain legally protected information about people and company data, including against past or future cybersecurity attacks, and any litigation or disruption to our operations resulting from such loss of data integrity;
•   the completion of infrastructure projects in macao;
•   our relationship with ggp or any successor owner of the grand canal shoppes; and
•   the outcome of any ongoing and future litigation.
all future written and verbal forward-looking statements attributable to us or any person acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. new risks and uncertainties arise from time to time, and it is impossible for us to predict these events or how they may affect us. readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. we assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements after the date of this report as a result of new information, future events or developments, except as required by federal securities laws.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of our consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america requires our management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. these estimates and judgments are based on historical information, information currently available to us and on various other assumptions management believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. actual results could vary from those estimates and we may change our estimates and assumptions in future evaluations. changes in these estimates and assumptions may have a material effect on our results of operations and financial condition. we believe the critical accounting policies discussed below affect our more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements.
allowance for doubtful casino accounts we maintain an allowance, or reserve, for doubtful casino accounts at our operating casino resorts in macao, singapore and the u.s., which we regularly evaluate. we specifically analyze the collectability of each account with a balance over a specified dollar amount, based upon the age of the account, the customer's financial condition, collection history and any other known information, and we apply standard reserve percentages to aged account balances under the specified dollar amount. we also monitor regional and global economic conditions and forecasts in our evaluation of the adequacy of the recorded reserves. credit or marker play was 15.3%, 16.0% and 65.8% of table games play at our macao properties, marina bay sands and las vegas operating properties, respectively, during the year ended december 31, 2018. our table games play in pennsylvania is primarily conducted on a cash basis. our allowance for doubtful casino accounts was 41.1% and 51.5% of gross casino receivables as of december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. the credit extended to gaming promoters can be offset by the commissions payable to said gaming promoters, which is considered in the establishment of the allowance for doubtful accounts. our allowance for doubtful accounts from our hotel and other receivables is not material.
litigation accrual we are subject to various claims and legal actions. we estimate the accruals for these claims and legal actions based on all relevant facts and circumstances currently available and include such accruals in other accrued liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets when it is determined such contingencies are both probable and reasonably estimable.
property and equipment at december 31, 2018, we had net property and equipment of $15.15 billion, representing 67.2% of our total assets. we depreciate property and equipment on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. the estimated useful lives are based on the nature of the assets as well as current operating strategy and legal considerations, such as contractual life. future events, such as property expansions, property developments, new competition or new regulations, could result in a change in the manner in which we use certain assets requiring a change in the estimated useful lives of such assets. the estimated useful lives of assets are periodically reviewed and adjusted as necessary on a prospective basis. during the year ended december 31, 2017, we completed an evaluation of the estimated useful lives of our property and equipment (see "item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data - notes to consolidated financial statements - note 2 - summary of significant accounting policies - property and equipment").
for assets to be held and used (including projects under development), fixed assets are reviewed for impairment whenever indicators of impairment exist. if an indicator of impairment exists, we first group our assets with other assets and liabilities at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other
assets and liabilities (the "asset group"). secondly, we estimate the undiscounted future cash flows directly associated with and expected to arise from the completion, use and eventual disposition of such asset group. we estimate the undiscounted cash flows over the remaining useful life of the primary asset within the asset group. if the undiscounted cash flows exceed the carrying value, no impairment is indicated. if the undiscounted cash flows do not exceed the carrying value, then an impairment is measured based on fair value compared to carrying value, with fair value typically based on a discounted cash flow model. if an asset is still under development, future cash flows include remaining construction costs.
to estimate the undiscounted cash flows of our asset groups, we consider all potential cash flows scenarios, which are probability weighted based on management's estimates given current conditions. determining the recoverability of our asset groups is judgmental in nature and requires the use of significant estimates and assumptions, including estimated cash flows, probability weighting of potential scenarios, costs to complete construction for assets under development, growth rates and future market conditions, among others. future changes to our estimates and assumptions based upon changes in macro-economic factors, regulatory environments, operating results or management's intentions may result in future changes to the recoverability of our asset groups.
for assets to be held for sale, the fixed assets (the "disposal group") are measured at the lower of their carrying amount or fair value less cost to sell. losses are recognized for any initial or subsequent write-down to fair value less cost to sell, while gains are recognized for any subsequent increase in fair value less cost to sell, but not in excess of the cumulative loss previously recognized. any gains or losses not previously recognized that result from the sale of the disposal group shall be recognized at the date of sale. fixed assets are not depreciated while classified as held for sale.
income taxes we are subject to income taxes in the u.s. (including federal and state) and numerous foreign jurisdictions in which we operate. we record income taxes under the asset and liability method, whereby deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized based on the future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases, and attributable to operating loss and tax credit carryforwards.
our foreign and u.s. tax rate differential reflects the fact income earned in singapore and macao is taxed at local rates, which are lower than u.s. tax rates. in august 2018, we received an additional exemption from macao's corporate income tax on profits generated by the operation of casino games of chance for the period january 1, 2019 through june 26, 2022, the date our subconcession agreement expires. we entered into an agreement with the macao government effective through the end of 2018 that provided for an annual payment of 42 million patacas (approximately $5 million at exchange rates in effect on december 31, 2018) that is a substitution for a 12% tax otherwise due from vml shareholders on dividend distributions. in september 2018, we requested an additional agreement with the macao government through june 26, 2022, to correspond to the expiration of the income tax exemption for gaming operations; however, there is no assurance we will receive the additional agreement.
accounting standards regarding income taxes require a reduction of the carrying amounts of deferred tax assets by a valuation allowance, if based on the available evidence, it is "more-likely-than-not" such assets will not be realized. accordingly, the need to establish valuation allowances for deferred tax assets is assessed at each reporting period based on a "more-likely-than-not" realization threshold. this assessment considers, among other matters, the nature, frequency and severity of current and cumulative losses, forecasts of future profitability, the duration of statutory carryforward periods, our experience with operating loss and tax credit carryforwards not expiring, and implementation of tax planning strategies.
we recorded a valuation allowance on the net deferred tax assets of certain foreign jurisdictions of $268 million and $261 million, as of december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively, and a valuation allowance on certain net deferred tax assets of our u.s. operations of $4.50 billion and $4.43 billion as of december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. management will reassess the realization of deferred tax assets based on the applicable accounting standards for income taxes each reporting period and consider the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, sources of taxable income and tax planning strategies. to the extent the financial results of these operations improve and it becomes "more-likely-than-not" the deferred tax assets are realizable, we will be able to reduce the valuation allowance in the period such determination is made, as appropriate.
significant judgment is required in evaluating our tax positions and determining our provision for income taxes. during the ordinary course of business, there are many transactions for which the tax treatment is uncertain. accounting standards regarding uncertainty in income taxes provides a two-step approach to recognizing and measuring uncertain tax positions. the first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates it is "more-likely-than-not" the position will be sustained on audit, including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if any. the second step is to measure the tax benefit as the largest amount that is more than 50% likely, based solely on the technical merits, of being sustained on examinations. we recorded unrecognized tax benefits of $118 million and $92 million as of december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. we consider many factors when evaluating and estimating our tax positions and tax benefits, which may require periodic adjustments and for which actual outcomes may be different.
our major tax jurisdictions are the u.s., macao, and singapore. we could be subject to examination for years beginning 2010 in the u.s. and for years beginning 2014 in macao and singapore.
u.s. tax reform made significant changes to u.s. income tax laws including lowering the u.s. corporate tax rate to 21% effective beginning in 2018 and transitioning from a worldwide tax system to a territorial tax system resulting in dividends from our foreign subsidiaries not being subject to u.s. income tax and creating a one-time tax on previously unremitted earnings of foreign subsidiaries. as a result, during the year ended december 31, 2017, we recorded a tax benefit of $526 million relating to the reduction of the valuation allowance on certain deferred tax assets that were previously determined not likely to be utilized and also the revaluation of our u.s. deferred tax liabilities at the reduced corporate income tax rate of 21%.
recent accounting pronouncements see related disclosure at "item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data - notes to consolidated financial statements - note 2 - summary of significant accounting policies."