item 1a.   risk factors
the following risk factors and other information included in this annual report on form 10-k should be carefully considered. the risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones the company faces. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to the company or that the company’s management currently deems minor or insignificant also may impair its business operations. if any of the following risks occur, moody’s business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. these risk factors should be read in conjunction with the other information in this annual report on form 10-k.
u.s. laws and regulations affecting the credit rating industry and moody’s customers may negatively impact the nature and economics of the company’s business.
moody’s operates in a highly regulated industry and is subject to extensive regulation by federal, state and local authorities in the u.s., including the reform act and the financial reform act. these regulations are complex, continually evolving and have tended to become more stringent over time. see “regulation” in part 1, item 1 of this annual report on form 10-k for more information. these laws and regulations:
»   seek to encourage, and may result in, increased competition among rating agencies and in the credit rating business;
»   may result in alternatives to credit ratings or changes in the pricing of credit ratings;
»   restrict the use of information in the development or maintenance of credit ratings;
»   increase regulatory oversight of the credit markets and cra operations;
»   provide for direct jurisdiction of the sec over cras that seek nrsro status, and grant authority to the sec to inspect the operations of cras; and
»          authorize the adoption of enhanced oversight standards and new pleading standards, which may result in increases in the number of legal proceedings claiming liability for losses suffered by investors on rated securities and aggregate legal defense costs.
these laws and regulations, and any future rulemaking or court rulings, could result in reduced demand for credit ratings and increased costs, which moody’s may be unable to pass through to customers. in addition, there may be uncertainty over the scope, interpretation and administration of such laws and regulations. the company may be required to incur significant expenses in order to ensure compliance and mitigate the risk of fines, penalties or other sanctions. legal proceedings could become increasingly lengthy and there may be uncertainty over and exposure to liability. it is difficult to accurately assess the future impact of legislative and regulatory requirements on moody’s business and its customers’ businesses. for example, new laws and regulations may affect mis’s communications with issuers as part of the rating assignment process, alter the manner in which mis’s ratings are developed, assigned and communicated, affect the manner in which mis or its customers or users of credit ratings operate, impact the demand for mis’s ratings and alter the economics of the credit ratings business, including by restricting or mandating business models for rating agencies. further, speculation concerning the impact of legislative and regulatory initiatives and the increased uncertainty over potential liability and adverse legal or judicial determinations may negatively affect moody’s stock price. although these legislative and regulatory initiatives apply to rating agencies and credit markets generally, they may affect moody’s in a disproportionate manner. each of these developments increase the costs and legal risk associated with the issuance of credit ratings and may have a material adverse effect on moody’s operations, profitability and competitiveness, the demand for credit ratings and the manner in which such ratings are utilized.
in addition, ma derives a significant amount of its sales in the ers and professional services segments from banks and other financial services providers who are subject to regulatory oversight. u.s. banking regulators, including the office of the comptroller of the currency, the federal deposit insurance corporation, the board of governors of the federal reserve system and the consumer financial protection board, as well as many state agencies have issued guidance to insured depository institutions and other providers of financial services on assessing and managing risks associated with third-party relationships, which include all business arrangements between a financial services provider and another entity, by contract or otherwise, and generally requires banks and financial services providers to exercise comprehensive oversight throughout each phase of a bank or financial service provider’s business arrangement with third-party service providers, and instructs banks and financial service providers to adopt risk management processes commensurate with the level of risk and complexity of their third-party relationships. in light of this, ma’s existing or potential bank and financial services customers subject to this guidance may continue to revise their third-party risk management policies and processes and the terms on which they do business with ma, which may delay or reduce sales to such customers, adversely affect ma’s relationship with such customers, increase the costs of doing business with such customers and/or result in ma assuming greater financial and legal risk under service agreements with such customers.
financial reforms outside the u.s. affecting the credit rating industry and moody’s customers may negatively impact the nature and economics of the company’s business.
in addition to the extensive and evolving u.s. laws and regulations governing the industry, foreign jurisdictions have taken measures to increase regulation of rating agencies and the markets for ratings. in particular, the eu has adopted a common regulatory framework moody’s 2018 10-k   17
for rating agencies operating in the eu. as a result, esma has direct supervisory authority for cras in the eu and has the power to take enforcement action against non-compliant cras, including through the issuance of public notices, withdrawal of registration and, in some cases, the imposition of fines. although the commission published a report in 2016 concluding that no new european legislation was needed for the industry at that time, the report also stated that it would continue to monitor the credit rating industry and analyze approaches that may strengthen existing regulation. for example, in 2018, esma published final guidance on the applicability of eu regulation to endorsed ratings which became effective on january 1, 2019. see “regulation” in part 1, item 1 of this annual report on form 10-k for more information.
mis is a registered entity and is therefore subject to formal regulation and periodic inspection in the eu. applicable rules include procedural requirements with respect to ratings of sovereign issuers, liability for intentional or grossly negligent failure to abide by applicable regulations, mandatory rotation requirements of cras hired by issuers of securities for ratings of resecuritizations, and restrictions on cras or their shareholders if certain ownership thresholds are crossed. additional procedural and substantive requirements include conditions for the issuance of credit ratings, rules regarding the organization of cras, restrictions on activities deemed to create a conflict of interest, including fees that are based on costs and are non-discriminatory, and special requirements for the rating of structured finance instruments. compliance with the eu regulations may increase costs of operations and could have a significant negative effect on moody’s operations, profitability or ability to compete, or the markets for its products and services, including in ways that moody’s presently is unable to predict. in addition, exposure to increased liability under the eu regulations may further increase costs and legal risks associated with the issuance of credit ratings and materially and adversely impact moody’s results of operations.
in addition, regulators in europe and other foreign markets in which ma is active have issued guidance similar to that issued in the u.s. relating to financial institutions’ assessment and management of risks associated with third-party relationships. such guidelines include the committee of european banking supervisors guidelines on outsourcing and the european banking authority recommendations on outsourcing to cloud providers (each of which is expected to be superseded by the european banking authority’s guidelines on outsourcing, currently under development and expected to be issued in early 2019). in light of this, ma’s existing or potential bank and financial services customers subject to this guidance may continue to revise their third-party risk management policies and processes and the terms on which they do business with ma, which may delay or reduce sales to such customers, adversely affect ma’s relationship with such customers, increase the costs of doing business with such customers and/or result in ma assuming greater financial and legal risk under service agreements with such customers.
the eu and other jurisdictions engage in rulemaking on an ongoing basis that could significantly impact operations or the markets for moody’s products and services, including regulations extending to products and services not currently regulated and regulations affecting the need for debt securities to be rated, expansion of supervisory remit to include non-eu ratings used for regulatory purposes, increasing the level of competition in the market for credit ratings, establishing criteria for credit ratings or limiting the entities authorized to provide credit ratings, and laws and regulations related to collection, use, accuracy, correction and sharing of personal information by cras. additionally, as of the date of the filing of this annual report on form 10-k, there remains uncertainty regarding the impact that brexit will have on the credit rating industry within the u.k., the eu and other jurisdictions. although moody’s will monitor these developments, moody’s cannot predict the extent of such future laws and regulations, and the effect that they will have on moody’s business or the potential for increased exposure to liability could be significant. financial reforms in the eu and other foreign jurisdictions may have a material adverse effect on moody’s business, operating results and financial condition.
the company faces exposure to litigation and government regulatory proceedings, investigations and inquiries related to rating opinions and other business practices.
moody’s faces exposure to litigation and government and regulatory proceedings, investigations and inquiries related to mis’s ratings actions, as well as other business practices and products. if the market value of credit-dependent instruments declines or defaults, whether as a result of difficult economic times, turbulent markets or otherwise, the number of investigations and legal proceedings that moody’s faces could increase significantly. parties who invest in securities rated by mis may pursue claims against mis or moody’s for losses they face in their portfolios. moody’s has faced numerous class action lawsuits and other litigation, government investigations and inquiries concerning events linked to the u.s. subprime residential mortgage sector and broader deterioration in the credit markets during the financial crisis of 2007-2008. legal proceedings impose additional expenses on the company and require the attention of senior management to an extent that may significantly reduce their ability to devote time addressing other business issues, and any of these proceedings, investigations or inquiries could ultimately result in adverse judgments, damages, fines, penalties or activity restrictions. risks relating to legal proceedings may be heightened in foreign jurisdictions that lack the legal protections or liability standards comparable to those that exist in the u.s. in addition, new laws and regulations have been and may continue to be enacted that establish lower liability standards, shift the burden of proof or relax pleading requirements, thereby increasing the risk of successful litigations in the u.s. and in foreign jurisdictions. these litigation risks are often difficult to assess or quantify. moody’s may not have adequate insurance or reserves to cover these risks, and the existence and magnitude of these risks often remains unknown for substantial periods of time. furthermore, to the extent that moody’s is unable to achieve dismissals at an early stage and litigation matters proceed to trial, the aggregate legal defense costs incurred by moody’s increase substantially, as does the risk of an adverse outcome.
18   moody’s 2018 10-k additionally, as litigation or the process to resolve pending matters progresses, moody’s will continue to review the latest information available and may change its accounting estimates, which could require moody’s to record liabilities in the consolidated financial statements in future periods. see note 20 to the consolidated financial statements for more information regarding ongoing investigations and civil litigation that the company currently faces. due to the number of these proceedings and the significant amount of damages sought, there is a risk that moody’s will be subject to judgments, settlements, fines, penalties or other adverse results that could have a material adverse effect on its business, operating results and financial condition.
moody’s conducts operations in various countries outside the u.s. and derives a significant portion of its revenue from foreign sources. changes in the economic condition of the various foreign economies in which the company operates may have an impact on the company’s business. for example, economic uncertainty in the eurozone or elsewhere, including in latin america, could affect the number of securities offerings undertaken within those particular areas. in addition, operations abroad expose moody’s to a number of legal, economic and regulatory risks such as:
»   restrictions on the ability to convert local currency into usd and the costs, including the tax impact, of repatriating cash held by entities outside the u.s.;
»   u.s. laws affecting overseas operations, including domestic and foreign export and import restrictions, tariffs and other trade barriers and restrictions, such as those related to the u.s.’s relationship with china;
»   differing and potentially conflicting legal or civil liability, compliance and regulatory standards, including as a result of the u.k.’s referendum vote to withdraw from the eu, brexit;
»   an extension or delay of the u.k.’s withdrawal from the eu, or the u.k. leaving the eu with no agreement in place
(“hard brexit”);
»   current and future regulations relating to the imposition of mandatory rotation requirements on cras hired by issuers of securities;
»   the transition away from libor to the secured overnight financing rate, sofr, as a benchmark reference for short-term interests;
»   economic, political and geopolitical market conditions;
»   the possibility of nationalization, expropriation, price controls and other restrictive governmental actions;
»   competition with local rating agencies that have greater familiarity, longer operating histories and/or support from local governments or other institutions;
»   difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations, including the expected relocation and/or restaffing of employees due to brexit;
additionally, moody’s is subject to complex u.s., foreign and other local laws and regulations that are applicable to its operations abroad, such as the foreign corrupt practices act of 1977, the u.k. bribery act of 2010 and other anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws. although the company has implemented internal controls, policies and procedures and employee training and compliance programs to deter prohibited practices, such measures may not be effective in preventing employees, contractors or agents from violating or circumventing such internal policies and violating applicable laws and regulations. any determination that the company has violated anti-bribery or anti-corruption laws could have a material adverse effect on moody’s business, operating results and financial condition. compliance with international and u.s. laws and regulations that apply to the company’s international operations increases the cost of doing business in foreign jurisdictions. violations of such laws and regulations may result in severe fines and penalties, criminal sanctions, administrative remedies, restrictions on business conduct and could have a material adverse effect on moody’s reputation, its ability to attract and retain employees, its business, operating results and financial condition.
moody’s ability to conduct business may be materially and adversely impacted by a disruption in the infrastructure that supports its businesses and the communities in which moody’s is located, including new york city, the location of moody’s headquarters, major cities worldwide in which moody’s has offices, and locations in china used for certain moody’s back office work. this may include a disruption involving physical or technological infrastructure (whether or not controlled by the company), including the company’s electronic delivery systems, data center facilities, or the internet, used by the company or third parties with or through whom moody’s conducts business. many of the company’s products and services are delivered electronically and the company’s customers depend on the company’s ability to receive, store, process, transmit and otherwise rapidly handle very substantial quantities of data and transactions on computer-based networks. some of moody’s operations require complex processes and, although the company has instituted extensive controls to reduce the risk of error inherent in our operations, such risk cannot be completely eliminated. the company’s customers also depend on the continued capacity, reliability and security of the company’s telecommunications, data centers, networks and other electronic delivery systems, including its websites and connections to the internet. the company’s employees also depend on these systems for internal use. any significant failure, compromise, cyber-breach, interruption or a significant slowdown of operations of the company’s infrastructure, whether due to human error, capacity constraints, hardware failure or defect, natural disasters, fire, power loss, telecommunication failures, break-ins, sabotage, intentional acts of vandalism, acts of terrorism, political unrest, war or otherwise, may impair the company’s ability to deliver its products and services.
moody’s efforts to secure and plan for potential disruptions of its major operating systems may not be successful. the company relies on third-party providers to provide certain essential services. while the company believes that such providers are reliable, the company has limited control over the performance of such providers. to the extent any of the company’s third-party providers ceases to provide these services in an efficient, cost-effective manner or fails to adequately expand its services to meet the company’s needs and the needs of the company’s customers, the company could experience lower revenues and higher costs. additionally, although the company maintains processes to prevent, detect and recover from a disruption, the company also does not have fully redundant systems for most of its smaller office locations and low-risk systems, and its disaster recovery plan does not include restoration of non-essential services. if a disruption occurs in one of moody’s locations or systems and its personnel in those locations or those who rely on such systems are unable to utilize other systems or communicate with or travel to other locations, such persons’ ability to service and interact with moody’s customers may suffer. the company cannot predict with certainty all of the adverse effects that could result from the company’s failure, or the failure of a third party, to efficiently address and resolve these delays and interruptions. a disruption to moody’s operations or infrastructure may have a material adverse effect on its reputation, business, operating results and financial condition.
the company is exposed to risks related to cybersecurity and protection of confidential information.
the company’s operations rely on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential, sensitive, proprietary and other types of information relating to its business operations and confidential and sensitive information about its customers and employees in the company’s computer systems and networks, and in those of its third party vendors. the cyber risks the company faces range from cyber-attacks common to most industries, to more advanced threats that target the company because of its prominence in the global marketplace, or due to its ratings of sovereign debt. breaches of moody’s or moody’s vendors’ technology and systems, whether from circumvention of security systems, denial-of-service attacks or other cyber-attacks, hacking, “phishing” attacks, computer viruses, ransomware, or malware, employee or insider error, malfeasance, social engineering, physical breaches or other actions, may result in manipulation or corruption of sensitive data, material interruptions or malfunctions in the company’s or such vendors’ web sites, applications, data processing, or disruption of other business operations, or may compromise the confidentiality and integrity of material information held by the company (including information about moody’s business, employees or customers), as well as sensitive personally identifiable information (pii), the disclosure of which could lead to identity theft. measures that moody’s takes to avoid, detect, mitigate or recover from material incidents can be expensive, and may be insufficient, circumvented, or may become ineffective. to conduct its operations, the company regularly moves data across national borders, and consequently is subject to a variety of continuously evolving and developing laws and regulations in the united states and abroad regarding privacy, data protection and data security. the scope of the laws that may be applicable to moody’s is often uncertain and may be conflicting, particularly with respect to foreign laws. for example, the european union’s general data protection regulation (“gdpr”), which became effective on may 25, 2018, greatly increased the jurisdictional reach of european union privacy law and added a broad array of requirements for processing personal data, including the public disclosure of significant data breaches. failure to comply with gdpr requirements could result in penalties of up to 4% of annual worldwide revenue. additionally, other countries have enacted or are enacting data localization laws that require data to stay within their borders. further, california recently enacted legislation, the california consumer privacy act (“ccpa”), that will, among other things, require covered companies to provide new disclosures to california consumers, and afford such consumers new abilities to opt-out of certain sales of personal information, when it goes into effect on january 1, 2020. legislators have stated that they intend to propose amendments to the ccpa before it goes into effect, and it remains unclear what, if any, modifications will be made to this legislation or how it will be interpreted. the effects of the ccpa potentially are significant, however, and may require us to modify our data processing practices and policies and to incur substantial costs and expenses. all of these evolving
20   moody’s 2018 10-k compliance and operational requirements have required changes to certain business practices, thereby increasing costs, may result in negative publicity or increased operating costs, require significant management time and attention, and subject the company to remedies that may harm its business, including fines or demands or orders that we modify or cease existing business practices, and expose it to litigation, regulatory actions, sanctions or other statutory penalties.
the company has invested and continues to invest in risk management and information security measures in order to protect its systems and data, including employee training, disaster plans, and technical defenses. the cost and operational consequences of implementing, maintaining and enhancing further data or system protection measures could increase significantly to overcome increasingly intense, complex, and sophisticated global cyber threats. despite the company’s best efforts, it is not fully insulated from data breaches and system disruptions. recent well-publicized security breaches at other companies have led to enhanced government and regulatory scrutiny of the measures taken by companies to protect against cyber-attacks, and may in the future result in heightened cybersecurity requirements, including additional regulatory expectations for oversight of vendors and service providers. any material breaches of cybersecurity, including the accidental loss, inadvertent disclosure or unapproved dissemination of proprietary information or sensitive or confidential data, or media reports of perceived security vulnerabilities to the company’s systems or those of the company’s third parties, even if no breach has been attempted or occurred, could cause the company to experience reputational harm, loss of customers and revenue, fines, regulatory actions and scrutiny, sanctions or other statutory penalties, litigation, liability for failure to safeguard the company’s customers’ information, or financial losses that are either not insured against or not fully covered through any insurance maintained by the company. any of the foregoing may have a material adverse effect on moody’s business, operating results and financial condition.
the company is dependent on the use of third-party software, data, hosted solutions, data centers, cloud and network infrastructure (together, “third party technology”), and any reduction in third-party product quality or service offerings, could have a material adverse effect on the company’s business, financial condition or results of operations.
moody’s relies on third party technology in connection with its product development and offerings and operations. the company depends on the ability of third party technology providers to deliver and support reliable products, enhance their current products, develop new products on a timely and cost-effective basis, and respond to emerging industry standards and other technological changes. the third party technology moody’s uses may become obsolete, incompatible with future versions of the company’s products, unavailable or fail to operate effectively, and moody’s business could be adversely affected if the company is unable to timely or effectively replace such third party technology. the company also monitors its use of third party technology to comply with applicable license and other contractual requirements. despite the company’s efforts, the company cannot ensure that such third parties will permit moody’s use in the future, resulting in increased third party technology acquisition costs and loss of rights. in addition, the company’s operating costs could increase if license or other usage fees for third party technology increase or the efforts to incorporate enhancements to third party technology are substantial. some of these third-party suppliers are also moody’s competitors, increasing the risks noted above. if any of these risks materialize, they could have a material adverse effect on the company’s business, financial condition or results of operations.
changes in the volume of debt securities issued in domestic and/or global capital markets, asset levels and flows into investment levels and changes in interest rates and other volatility in the financial markets may negatively impact the nature and economics of the company’s business.
moody’s business is impacted by general economic conditions and volatility in the u.s. and world financial markets. furthermore, issuers of debt securities may elect to issue securities without ratings or securities which are rated or evaluated by non-traditional parties such as financial advisors, rather than traditional cras, such as mis. a majority of moody’s credit-rating-based revenue is transaction-based, and therefore it is especially dependent on the number and dollar volume of debt securities issued in the capital markets. market disruptions and economic slowdown and uncertainty have in the past, and may in the future, negatively impacted the volume of debt securities issued in global capital markets and the demand for credit ratings. the tax act, in addition to other changes to u.s. tax laws and policy, could negatively affect the volume of debt securities issued in the u.s. for example, the tax act limits deductibility on interest payments and significantly reduce the tax cost associated with the repatriation of cash held outside the u.s., both of which could negatively affect the volume of debt securities issued. conditions that reduce issuers’ ability or willingness to issue debt securities, such as market volatility, declining growth, currency devaluations or other adverse economic trends, reduce the number and dollar-equivalent volume of debt issuances for which moody’s provides ratings services and thereby adversely affect the fees moody’s earns in its ratings business.
economic and government factors such as a long-term continuation of difficult economic conditions, a re-emergence of the sovereign debt crisis in europe, the ultimate brexit outcome and current uncertainty in various other jurisdictions, may have an adverse impact on the company’s business. future debt issuances also could be negatively affected by increases in interest rates, widening credit spreads, regulatory and political developments, growth in the use of alternative sources of credit, and defaults by significant issuers. declines or other changes in the markets for debt securities may materially and adversely affect the company’s business, operating results and financial condition.
moody’s initiatives to reduce costs to counteract a decline in its business may not be sufficient and cost reductions may be difficult or impossible to obtain in the short term, due in part to rent, technology, compliance and other fixed costs associated with some of the company’s operations as well as the need to monitor outstanding ratings. further, cost-reduction initiatives, including those under-taken to date, could make it difficult for the company to rapidly expand operations in order to accommodate any unexpected increase in the demand for ratings. volatility in the financial markets, including changes in the volumes of debt securities and changes in interest rates, may have a material adverse effect on the business, operating results and financial condition, which the company may not be able to successfully offset with cost reductions.
the company faces increased pricing pressure from competitors and/or customers.
there is price competition in the credit rating, research, credit risk management markets, research and analytical services and financial training and certification services. moody’s faces competition globally from other cras and from investment banks and brokerage firms that offer credit opinions in research, as well as from in-house research operations. competition for customers and market share has spurred more aggressive tactics by some competitors in areas such as pricing and services, as well as increased competition from non-nrsros that evaluate debt risk for issuers or investors. at the same time, a challenging business environment and consolidation among customers, particularly those involved in structured finance products, and other factors affecting demand may enhance the market power of competitors and reduce the company’s customer base. weak economic growth intensifies competitive pricing pressures and can result in customers’ use of free or lower-cost information that is available from alternative sources or their development of alternative, proprietary systems for assessing credit risk that replace the products currently purchased from moody’s. while moody’s seeks to compete primarily on the basis of the quality of its products and services, it may lose market share if its pricing is not sufficiently competitive. in addition, the reform act was designed to encourage competition among rating agencies. the formation of additional nrsros may increase pricing and competitive pressures. furthermore, in some of the countries in which moody’s operates, governments may provide financial or other support to local rating agencies. any inability of moody’s to compete successfully with respect to the pricing of its products and services could have a material adverse impact on its business, operating results and financial condition.
the company is exposed to reputation and credibility concerns.
moody’s reputation and the strength of its brand are key competitive strengths. to the extent that the rating agency business as a whole or moody’s, relative to its competitors, suffers a loss in credibility, moody’s business could be significantly impacted. factors that may have already affected credibility and could potentially continue to have an impact in this regard include the appearance of a conflict of interest, the performance of securities relative to the rating assigned to such securities, the timing and nature of changes in ratings, a major compliance failure, negative perceptions or publicity and increased criticism by users of ratings, regulators and legislative bodies, including as to the ratings process and its implementation with respect to one or more securities and intentional or unintentional misrepresentations of moody’s products and services in advertising materials, public relations information, social media or other external communications. operational errors, whether by moody’s or a moody’s competitor, could also harm the reputation of the company or the credit rating industry. damage to reputation and credibility could have a material adverse impact on moody’s business, operating results and financial condition, as well as on the company’s ability to find suitable candidates for acquisition.
the markets for credit ratings, research, credit risk management services, research and analytical services and financial training and certification services are highly competitive and characterized by rapid technological change, changes in customer demands, and evolving regulatory requirements, industry standards and market preferences. the ability to develop and successfully launch and maintain innovative products and technologies that anticipate customers’ changing requirements and utilize emerging technological trends in a timely and cost-effective manner is a key factor in maintaining market share. moody’s competitors include both established companies with significant financial resources, brand recognition, market experience and technological expertise, and smaller companies which may be better poised to quickly adopt new or emerging technologies or respond to customer requirements. competitors may develop quantitative methodologies or related services for assessing credit risk that customers and market participants may deem preferable, more cost-effective or more valuable than the credit risk assessment methods currently employed by moody’s, or may position, price or market their products in manners that differ from those utilized by moody’s. moody’s also competes indirectly against consulting firms and technology and information providers; these indirect competitors could in the future choose to compete directly with moody’s, cease doing business with moody’s or change the terms under which it does business with moody’s in a way that could negatively impact our business. in addition, customers or others may develop alternative, proprietary systems for assessing credit risk. such developments could affect demand for moody’s products and services and its growth prospects. further, the increased availability in recent years of free or relatively inexpensive internet information may reduce the demand for moody’s products and services. moody’s growth prospects also could be adversely affected by moody’s failure to make necessary or optimal capital infrastructure expenditures and improvements and the inability of its information technologies to provide adequate capacity and capabilities to meet increased demands of producing quality ratings and research products at levels achieved by competitors. any inability of moody to compete successfully may have a material adverse effect on its business, operating results and financial condition.
moody’s success depends upon its ability to recruit, retain and motivate highly skilled, experienced financial analysts and other professionals. competition for skilled individuals in the financial services industry is intense, and moody’s ability to attract high quality employees could be impaired if it is unable to offer competitive compensation and other incentives or if the regulatory environment mandates restrictions on or disclosures about individual employees that would not be necessary in competing industries. as greater focus has been placed on executive compensation at public companies, in the future, moody’s may be required to alter its compensation practices in ways that could adversely affect its ability to attract and retain talented employees. investment banks, investors and competitors may seek to attract analyst talent by providing more favorable working conditions or offering significantly more attractive compensation packages than moody’s. moody’s also may not be able to identify and hire the appropriate qualified employees in some markets outside the u.s. with the required experience or skills to perform sophisticated credit analysis. additionally, relocation and/or restaffing of employees due to brexit could adversely affect our ability to attract and retain talent for our european operations. there is a risk that even if the company invests significant resources in attempting to attract, train and retain qualified personnel, it will not succeed in its efforts, and its business could be harmed.
moody’s is highly dependent on the continued services of raymond w. mcdaniel, jr., the president and chief executive officer, and other senior officers and key employees. the loss of the services of skilled personnel for any reason and moody’s inability to replace them with suitable candidates quickly or at all, as well as any negative market perception resulting from such loss, could have a material adverse effect on moody’s business, operating results and financial condition.
moody’s acquisitions, dispositions and other strategic transactions or internal technology investments may not produce anticipated results exposing the company to future significant impairment charges relating to its goodwill, intangible assets or property and equipment.
moody’s has entered into and expects to continue to enter into acquisition, disposition or other strategic transactions and expects to make various investments to strengthen its business and grow the company. such transactions as well as internal technology investments present significant challenges and risks. the market for acquisition targets, dispositions and other strategic transactions is highly competitive, especially in light of industry consolidation, which may affect moody’s ability to complete such transactions and complete such transactions on favorable terms. if moody’s is unsuccessful in completing such transactions on favorable terms or if opportunities for expansion do not arise, its business, operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. additionally, the company makes significant investments in technology including software developed for internal-use which is time-intensive and complex to implement. such investments may not be successful or may not result in the anticipated benefits resulting in asset write-offs.
in august 2017, moody’s acquired bureau van dijk for $3,542.0 million. the anticipated growth, synergies and other strategic objectives of the bureau van dijk acquisition, as well as other completed transactions, may not be fully realized, and a variety of factors may adversely affect any anticipated benefits from such transactions. any strategic transaction can involve a number of risks, including unanticipated challenges regarding integration of operations, technologies and new employees; the existence of liabilities or contingencies not disclosed to or otherwise known by the company prior to closing a transaction; unexpected regulatory and operating difficulties and expenditures; scrutiny from competition and antitrust authorities; failure to retain key personnel of the acquired business; future developments that impair the value of purchased goodwill or intangible assets; diversion of management’s focus from other business operations; failure to implement or remediate controls, procedures and policies appropriate for a larger public company at acquired companies that prior to the acquisition lacked such controls, procedures and policies; challenges retaining the customers of the acquired business; coordination of product, sales, marketing and program and systems management functions; integration of employees from the acquired business into moody’s organization; integration of the acquired business’s accounting, information technology, human resources, legal and other administrative systems with moody’s; and for foreign transactions, additional risks related to the integration of operations across different cultures and languages, and the economic, political, and regulatory risks associated with specific countries. the anticipated benefits from an acquisition or other strategic transaction may not be realized fully, or may take longer to realize than expected. as a result, the failure of acquisitions, dispositions and other strategic transactions to perform as expected may have a material adverse effect on moody’s business, operating results and financial condition.
at december 31, 2018, moody’s had $3,781.3 million of goodwill and $1,566.1 million of intangible assets on its balance sheet, both of which increased significantly due to the acquisition of bureau van dijk in 2017. approximately 94% of the goodwill and intangible assets reside in the ma business, including those related to bureau van dijk, and are allocated to the six reporting units within ma: content; ers; mals; maks; bureau van dijk; and reis. the remaining 6% of goodwill and intangible assets reside in mis and primarily relate to icra. failure to achieve business objectives and financial projections in any of these reporting units could result in a significant asset impairment charge, which would result in a non-cash charge to operating expenses. goodwill and intangible assets are tested for impairment on an annual basis and also when events or changes in circumstances indicate that impairment may have occurred. determining whether an impairment of goodwill exists can be especially difficult in periods of market or economic uncertainty and turmoil, and requires significant management estimates and judgment. in addition, the potential for goodwill impairment is increased during periods of economic uncertainty. an asset impairment charge could have a material adverse effect on moody’s business, operating results and financial condition.
the company’s compliance and risk management programs may not be effective and may result in outcomes that could adversely affect the company’s reputation, financial condition and operating results.
moody’s operates in a number of countries, and as a result the company is required to comply and quickly adapt with numerous international and u.s. federal, state and local laws and regulations. the company’s ability to comply with applicable laws and regulations, including anti-corruption laws, is largely dependent on its establishment and maintenance of compliance, review and reporting systems, as well as its ability to attract and retain qualified compliance and risk management personnel. moody’s policies and procedures to identify, evaluate and manage the company’s risks, including risks resulting from acquisitions, may not be fully effective, and moody’s employees or agents may engage in misconduct, fraud or other errors. it is not always possible to deter such errors, and the precautions the company takes to prevent and detect this activity may not be effective in all cases. if moody’s employees violate its policies or if the company’s risk management methods are not effective, the company could be subject to criminal and civil liability, the suspension of the company’s employees, fines, penalties, regulatory sanctions, injunctive relief, exclusion from certain markets or other penalties, and may suffer harm to its reputation, financial condition and operating results.
legal protections for the company’s intellectual property rights may not be sufficient or available to protect the company’s competitive advantages.
moody’s considers many aspects of its products and services to be proprietary. failure to protect the company’s intellectual property adequately could harm its reputation and affect the company’s ability to compete effectively. businesses the company acquires also involve intellectual property portfolios, which increase the challenges the company faces in protecting its strategic advantage. in addition, the company’s operating results may be adversely affected by inadequate or changing legal and technological protections for intellectual property and proprietary rights in some jurisdictions and markets. on january 6, 2015, a rule with direct relevance to the cra industry was published in the official journal of the european union regarding the types of information that cras are to provide about certain ratings (those that were paid for by issuers) for publication on a central website administered by esma (the european ratings platform). this rule directly relates to the company’s intellectual property as it requires that the company provide proprietary information at no cost that the company currently sells, which could result in lost revenue. esma launched the european rating platform for public use on december 1, 2016.
unauthorized third parties may also try to obtain and use technology or other information that the company regards as proprietary. it is also possible that moody’s competitors or other entities could obtain patents related to the types of products and services that moody’s offers, and attempt to require moody’s to stop developing or marketing the products or services, to modify or redesign the products or services to avoid infringing, or to obtain licenses from the holders of the patents in order to continue developing and marketing the products and services. even if moody’s attempts to assert or protect its intellectual property rights through litigation, it may require considerable cost, time and resources to do so, and there is no guarantee that the company will be successful. the company’s ability to establish, maintain and protect its intellectual property and proprietary rights against theft, misappropriation or infringement could be materially and adversely affected by insufficient and/or changing proprietary rights and intellectual property legal protections in some jurisdictions and markets. these risks, and the cost, time and resources needed to address them, may increase as the company’s business grows and its profile rises in countries with intellectual property regimes that are less protective than the rules and regulations applied in the united states.
as a global company, moody’s is subject to taxation in the united states and various other countries and jurisdictions. as a result, our effective tax rate is determined based on the pre-tax income and applicable tax rates in the various jurisdictions in which the company operates. moody’s future tax rates could be affected by changes in the composition of earnings in countries or states with differing tax rates or other factors, including by increased earnings in jurisdictions where moody’s faces higher tax rates, losses incurred in jurisdictions for which moody’s is not able to realize the related tax benefit, or changes in foreign currency exchange rates. changes in the tax, accounting and other laws, treaties, regulations, policies and administrative practices, or changes to their interpretation or enforcement, including changes applicable to multinational corporations such as the base erosion profit shifting initiative being conducted by the organization for economic co-operation and development, which requires companies to disclose more information to tax authorities on operations around the world, and the european union’s state aid rulings, could have a material adverse effect on the company’s effective tax rate, results of operations and financial condition and may lead to greater audit scrutiny of profits earned in various countries.
for example, the tax act made significant changes to the u.s. federal tax laws. many aspects of the new legislation are currently uncertain or unclear and may not be clarified for some time. as additional regulatory guidance is issued interpreting or clarifying the tax act or if the tax accounting rules are modified, there may be adjustments or changes to the company’s determination of its mandatory one-time deemed repatriation tax liability (“transition tax”) on previously untaxed accumulated earnings of foreign subsidiaries recorded in 2017. additional regulatory guidance may also affect the company’s expected future effective tax rates and tax assets and liabilities, which could have a material adverse effect on moody’s business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. furthermore, the tax act may impact the volume of debt securities issued as discussed in the risk factor, changes in the volume of
24   moody’s 2018 10-k debt securities issued in domestic and/or global capital markets, asset levels and flows into investment levels and changes in interest rates and other volatility in the financial markets may negatively impact the nature and economics of the company’s business.
in addition, moody’s is subject to regular examination of its income tax returns by the internal revenue service and other tax authorities, and the company is experiencing increased scrutiny as its business grows. moody’s regularly assesses the likelihood of favorable or unfavorable outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of its provision for income taxes, including unrecognized tax benefits; however, developments in an audit or litigation could materially and adversely affect the company. although the company believes its tax estimates and accruals are reasonable, there can be no assurance that any final determination will not be materially different than the treatment reflected in its historical income tax provisions, accruals and unrecognized tax benefits, which could materially and adversely affect the company’s business, operating results, cash flows and financial condition.
item 7.   management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
this discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the moody’s corporation consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k.
this md&a contains forward-looking statements. see “forward-looking statements” commencing on page 57 and item  1a. “risk factors” commencing on page 17 for a discussion of uncertainties, risks and other factors associated with these statements.
the company moody’s is a provider of (i) credit ratings; (ii) credit, capital markets and economic research, data and analytical tools; (iii) software solutions that support financial risk management activities; (iv) quantitatively derived credit scores; (v) learning solutions and certification services; (vi) offshore financial research and analytical services; and (vii) company information and business intelligence products. moody’s reports in two reportable segments: mis and ma.
mis, the credit rating agency, publishes credit ratings on a wide range of debt obligations and the entities that issue such obligations in markets worldwide. revenue is primarily derived from the originators and issuers of such transactions who use mis ratings in the distribution of their debt issues to investors. additionally, mis earns revenue from certain non-ratings-related operations, which consist primarily of financial instrument pricing services in the asia-pacific region as well as revenue from icra’s non-ratings operations. the revenue from these operations is included in the mis other lob and is not material to the results of the mis segment.
the ma segment develops a wide range of products and services that support financial analysis and risk management activities of institutional participants in global financial markets. within its rd&a business, ma offers subscription based research, data and analytical products, including credit ratings produced by mis, credit research, quantitative credit scores and other analytical tools, economic research and forecasts, business intelligence and company information products, and commercial real estate data and analytical tools. within its ers business, ma provides software solutions as well as related risk management services. the ps business provides offshore analytical and research services along with learning solutions and certification programs.
critical accounting estimates moody’s discussion and analysis of its financial condition and results of operations are based on the company’s consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states. the preparation of these financial statements requires moody’s to make estimates and judgments that affect reported amounts of assets and liabilities and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the financial statements and revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. these estimates are based on historical experience and on other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. on an ongoing basis, moody’s evaluates its estimates, including those related to revenue recognition, accounts receivable allowances, contingencies, restructuring, goodwill and acquired intangible assets, pension and other retirement benefits, and income taxes. actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. the following accounting estimates are considered critical because they are particularly dependent on management’s judgment about matters that are uncertain at the time the accounting estimates are made and changes to those estimates could have a material impact on the company’s consolidated results of operations or financial condition.
goodwill and other acquired intangible assets on july 31st of each year, moody’s evaluates its goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level, defined as an operating segment (i.e., mis and ma), or one level below an operating segment (i.e., a component of an operating segment).
the company has eight primary reporting units: two within the company’s ratings business (one for the icra business and one that encompasses all of moody’s other ratings operations) and six reporting units within ma: content, ers, mals (formerly fstc), maks, bureau van dijk and reis. the content reporting unit offers subscription based research, data and analytical products, including credit ratings produced by mis, credit research, quantitative credit scores and other analytical tools, economic research and forecasts, business intelligence and company information products, and credit analytical tools. the ers reporting unit provides products and services that support the credit risk management and regulatory compliance activities of financial institutions and also provides advanced actuarial software for the life insurance industry. these products and services are primarily delivered via software that is licensed on a perpetual basis or sold on a subscription basis. the mals reporting unit consists of the portion of the ma business that offers both credit training as well as other professional development training. the maks reporting unit provides offshore research and analytical services. the bureau van dijk reporting unit consists of the bureau van dijk business, which was acquired on august 10, 2017, and primarily provides business intelligence and company information products. the reis reporting unit, consists of the newly acquired reis business, and provides commercial real estate market information and analytical tools.
the company evaluates the recoverability of goodwill using a two-step impairment test approach at the reporting unit level. in the first step, the company assesses various qualitative factors to determine whether the fair value of a reporting unit may be less than its carrying amount. if a determination is made based on the qualitative factors that an impairment does not exist, the company is not required to perform further testing. if the aforementioned qualitative assessment results in the company concluding that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit may be less than its carrying amount, the fair value of the reporting unit will be quantitatively determined and compared to its carrying value including goodwill. if the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds the carrying value of the net assets assigned to that unit, goodwill is not impaired and the company is not required to perform further testing. if the fair value of the reporting unit is less than the carrying value, the company will record a goodwill impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the reporting unit’s fair value in accordance with asu no. 2017-04, “intangibles—goodwill and other (topic 350), simplifying the test for goodwill impairment”. the company evaluates its reporting units on an annual basis, or more frequently if there are changes in the reporting structure of the company due to acquisitions, realignments or if there are indicators of potential impairment. for the reporting units where the company is consistently able to conclude that no impairment exists using only a qualitative approach, the company’s accounting policy is to perform the second step of the aforementioned goodwill impairment assessment at least once every three years.
at july 31, 2018, the company performed quantitative assessments of the ers, mals, maks and icra reporting units and a qualitative assessment for the remaining reporting units. no quantitative assessment resulted in the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeding its fair value. each qualitative analysis resulted in the company determining that it was not more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit was less than its carrying amount.
the company quantitatively tested the ers, mals, maks and icra reporting units as of july 31, 2018 due to the factors outlined below:
»                                                                        ers – this reporting unit was quantitatively assessed to update its valuation to reflect the current assumptions relating to the timing of a strategic shift in the business away from lower margin sales of highly customized software solutions to higher margin saas sales. this migration to saas sales is expected to contribute to a more stable and more profitable base of recurring revenue over the medium to long-term. in 2018, the company revised its projections for ers to reflect a faster deterioration of the lower margin sales of highly customized software solutions than was previously projected in 2017.
»             mals and maks – these reporting units were quantitatively assessed at the discretion of the company as they have historically been the reporting units with the lowest amount by which the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying value.
»   icra – this reporting unit was tested quantitatively due to it having a readily available fair value based on its stock price.
determining the fair value of a reporting unit or an indefinite-lived acquired intangible asset (including its estimated useful life) involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions. these estimates and assumptions include projections of future operating results and cash flows of each reporting unit that are based on internal budgets and strategic plans, expected long-term growth rates, terminal values, weighted average cost of capital, the effects of external factors and market conditions as well as appropriate comparable market metrics. however, as these estimates and assumptions are unpredictable and inherently uncertain, actual future results may differ from these estimates and the time frame of such changes may be rapid. in addition, the company also makes certain judgments and assumptions in allocating shared assets and liabilities to determine the carrying values for each of its reporting units.
other assets and liabilities, including applicable corporate assets, are allocated to the extent they are related to the operation of respective reporting units.
32   moody’s 2018 10-k sensitivity analyses and key assumptions for deriving the fair value of a reporting unit the following table identifies the amount of goodwill allocated to each reporting unit as of december 31, 2018 and the amount by which the net assets of each reporting unit would exceed the fair value under step 2 of the goodwill impairment test as prescribed in asc topic 350, assuming hypothetical reductions in their fair values as of the date of the last quantitative goodwill impairment assessment for each reporting unit (july 31, 2018 for ers, mals, maks and icra; july 31, 2016 for mis and content).
sensitivity analysis deficit caused by a hypothetical reduction to fair value goodwill   10%                         20%                         30%                          40%
(1)   omega performance was acquired subsequent to the company’s annual goodwill impairment assessment as of july 31, 2018. goodwill related to this acquisition is reported within the mals reporting unit.
(2)                            bureau van dijk was acquired in august 2017 and has not yet been subject to a quantitative goodwill assessment. the purchase price approximates the fair value of the reporting unit at july 31, 2018, and accordingly, bureau van dijk was not subject to the sensitivity analysis above.
(3)                             reis was acquired in october 2018, subsequent to the company’s annual goodwill impairment assessment as of july 31, 2018. due to the close proximity of the reis acquisition to december 31, 2018, the purchase price approximates the fair value of the reporting unit.
methodologies and significant estimates utilized in determining the fair value of reporting units:
the following is a discussion regarding the company’s methodology for determining the fair value of its reporting units, excluding icra, as of the date of each reporting unit’s last quantitative assessment (july 31, 2018 for ers, mals, and maks and july 31, 2016 for mis and content). as icra is a publicly traded company in india, the company was able to observe its fair value based on its market capitalization.
the fair value of each reporting unit, excluding icra, was estimated using a discounted cash flow methodology and comparable public company and precedent transaction multiples. the discounted cash flow analysis requires significant estimates, including projections of future operating results and cash flows of each reporting unit that are based on internal budgets and strategic plans, expected long-term growth rates, terminal values, weighted average cost of capital and the effects of external factors and market conditions. changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the estimated fair value of each reporting unit that could result in an impairment charge to reduce the carrying value of goodwill, which could be material to the company’s financial position and results of operations. moody’s allocates newly acquired goodwill to reporting units based on the reporting unit expected to benefit from the acquisition.
the sensitivity analyses on the future cash flows and wacc assumptions described below are as of each reporting unit’s last quantitative goodwill impairment assessment. the following discusses the key assumptions utilized in the discounted cash flow valuation methodology that requires significant management judgment:
»                                                                       future cash flow assumptions —the projections for future cash flows utilized in the models are derived from historical experience and assumptions regarding future growth and profitability of each reporting unit. these projections are consistent with the company’s operating budget and strategic plan. cash flows for the five years subsequent to the date of the quantitative goodwill impairment analysis were utilized in the determination of the fair value of each reporting unit. the growth rates assumed a gradual increase in revenue based on a continued improvement in the global economy and capital markets, new customer acquisition and new products. beyond five years, a terminal value was determined using a perpetuity growth rate based on inflation and real gdp growth rates. a sensitivity analysis of the revenue growth rates was performed on all reporting units. for each reporting unit analyzed, a 10% decrease in the revenue growth rates used would not have resulted in its carrying value exceeding its estimated fair value.
»                                                                       wacc —the wacc is the rate used to discount each reporting unit’s estimated future cash flows. the wacc is calculated based on the proportionate weighting of the cost of debt and equity. the cost of equity is based on a risk-free interest rate and an equity risk factor, which is derived from public companies similar to the reporting unit and which captures the perceived risks and uncertainties associated with the reporting unit’s cash flows. the cost of debt component is calculated as the weighted average cost associated
with all of the company’s outstanding borrowings as of the date of the impairment test and was immaterial to the computation of the wacc. the cost of debt and equity is weighted based on the debt to market capitalization ratio of publicly traded companies with similarities to the reporting unit being tested. the wacc for all reporting units ranged from 8.5% to 10.5% as of the date of the reporting unit’s most recent quantitative assessment. differences in the wacc used between reporting units is primarily due to distinct risks and uncertainties regarding the cash flows of the different reporting units. a sensitivity analysis of the wacc was performed on all reporting units as of the date of the reporting unit’s last quantitative goodwill impairment assessment. for each reporting unit analyzed, an increase in the wacc of one percentage point would not result in its carrying value exceeding its fair value.
income taxes the company is subject to income taxes in the u.s. and various foreign jurisdictions. the company’s tax assets and liabilities are affected by the amounts charged for services provided and expenses incurred as well as other tax matters such as intercompany transactions. the company accounts for income taxes under the asset and liability method in accordance with asc topic 740. therefore, income tax expense is based on reported income before income taxes, and deferred income taxes reflect the effect of temporary differences between the amounts of assets and liabilities that are recognized for financial reporting purposes and the amounts that are recognized for income tax purposes.
the company is subject to tax audits in various jurisdictions. the company regularly assesses the likely outcomes of such audits in order to determine the appropriateness of liabilities for utps. the company classifies interest related to income taxes as a component of interest expense in the company’s consolidated financial statements and associated penalties, if any, as part of other non-operating expenses.
for utps, asc topic 740 requires a company to first determine whether it is more-likely-than-not (defined as a likelihood of more than fifty percent) that a tax position will be sustained based on its technical merits as of the reporting date, assuming that taxing authorities will examine the position and have full knowledge of all relevant information. a tax position that meets this more-likely-than-not threshold is then measured and recognized at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than fifty percent likely to be realized upon effective settlement with a taxing authority. as the determination of liabilities related to utps and associated interest and penalties requires significant estimates to be made by the company, there can be no assurance that the company will accurately predict the outcomes of these audits, and thus the eventual outcomes could have a material impact on the company’s operating results or financial condition.
on december 22, 2017, the tax act was signed into law, which resulted in significant changes to u.s. corporate tax laws. the tax act includes a mandatory one-time deemed repatriation tax (“transition tax”) on previously untaxed accumulated earnings of foreign subsidiaries and reduces the statutory federal corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21%. due to the complexities involved in applying the provisions of the tax act, in 2017 the company recorded a provisional estimate of $247.3 million related to the transition tax in 2017. in 2018, the irs issued notices clarifying certain aspects of the transition tax. as a result, the company reduced its provision for the transition tax by $10.9 million. the irs may issue additional regulations or notices in future periods to clarify or amend provisions of the tax act and such guidance could result in revisions in future periods to the amounts recorded for the existing provisions and interpretations of the tax act. in addition, in 2018 the company recorded a deferred tax asset of $48.1 million related to potential foreign tax credits which could be realized if certain utps resulted in tax assessments. the transition tax liability reported on the company’s 2017 tax return is payable over eight years starting in 2018 and will not accrue interest. due to the reduction in u.s. corporate income tax rates beginning in 2018, a decrease of $56.2 million was recorded to net deferred tax assets in 2017. the above amounts may be impacted by a number of additional considerations, including but not limited to the issuance of regulations and the company’s ongoing analysis of the new law.
pursuant to the tax act being signed into law, all previously undistributed foreign earnings became subject to u.s. tax. in light of u.s tax reform, the company has reassessed its capital allocation strategy, including reevaluating its global cash position and revising its plans for repatriating or reinvesting foreign earnings. the company regularly evaluates in which entities it will indefinitely reinvest earnings outside the u.s. the company has provided non-u.s. deferred taxes for those entities whose earnings are not considered indefinitely reinvested outside of the u.s.
revenue recognition and costs to obtain a contract with a customer revenue is recognized when control of promised goods or services is transferred to the customer, in an amount that reflects the consideration the company expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services.
the discussion below outlines areas of the company’s revenue recognition process that require significant management judgment and estimates. refer to note 2 of the consolidated financial statements for a comprehensive discussion regarding the company’s accounting policies relating to the recognition of revenue and costs to obtain a contract with a customer.
when contracts with customers contain multiple performance obligations, the company accounts for individual performance obligations separately if they are distinct.
in the company’s mis segment, revenue arrangements with multiple elements are generally comprised of two distinct performance obligations, initial rating fees and the related monitoring services. revenue attributed to initial ratings of issued securities is generally recognized when the rating is delivered to the issuer, whereas revenue from monitoring related to mis’s ratings is recognized ratably over the period in which the monitoring is performed.
in the ma segment, contracts with customers often include promises to transfer multiple products and services to a customer. when arrangements for software, content or saas licenses also include related implementation services, the company may be required to exercise significant judgment in determining the level of integration and interdependency between the promise to grant the software license and the promise to deliver the related implementation services. this determination influences whether the software license is considered distinct and accounted for separately (with revenue generally being recognized at the time the product master or first copy is delivered or transferred to the customer), or not distinct and accounted for together with the implementation services (with revenue being recognized on a percentage-of-completion basis as implementation services are performed).
management judgment is also required in the determination of the ssp, which is utilized to allocate the consideration from a contract with a customer to each distinct performance obligation.
in the mis segment, the company allocates the transaction price within arrangements that include multiple elements based upon the relative ssp of each service at contract inception. the ssp for monitoring fees in these arrangements is generally based upon directly observable selling prices where the monitoring service is sold separately. the company generally utilizes management’s best estimate of ssp for initial rating fees and considers all available data points. mis generally provides initial ratings only in transactions with customers that include monitoring services related to the rating.
costs to obtain a contract with a customer:
costs incurred to obtain customer contracts, such as sales commissions, are deferred and recorded within other current assets and other assets when such costs are determined to be incremental to obtaining a contract, would not have been incurred otherwise and the company expects to recover those costs. these costs are amortized to expense consistent with the recognition pattern of the related revenue over time. depending on the line of business to which the contract relates, this amortization period may be based upon the average economic life of the products sold or average period for which services are provided, inclusive of anticipated contract renewals. determining the estimated economic life of the products sold requires judgment with respect to anticipated future technological changes/product enhancements.
contingencies accounting for contingencies, including those matters described in note 20 to the consolidated financial statements, is highly subjective and requires the use of judgments and estimates in assessing their magnitude and likely outcome. in many cases, the outcomes of such matters will be determined by third parties, including governmental or judicial bodies. the provisions made in the consolidated financial statements, as well as the related disclosures, represent management’s best estimates of the current status of such matters and their potential outcome based on a review of the facts and in consultation with outside legal counsel where deemed appropriate. the company regularly reviews contingencies and as new information becomes available may, in the future, adjust its associated liabilities.
for claims, litigation and proceedings and governmental investigations and inquiries not related to income taxes, where it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated, the company records liabilities in the consolidated financial statements and periodically adjusts these as appropriate. when the reasonable estimate of the loss is within a range of amounts, the minimum amount of the range is accrued unless some higher amount within the range is a better estimate than another amount within the range. in other instances, where a loss is reasonably possible, management does not record a liability because of uncertainties related to the probable outcome and/or the amount or range of loss, but discloses the contingency if material.
as additional information becomes available, the company adjusts its assessments and estimates of such matters accordingly. in view of the inherent difficulty of predicting the outcome of litigation, regulatory, governmental investigations and inquiries, enforcement and similar matters and contingencies, particularly where the claimants seek large or indeterminate damages or where the parties assert novel legal theories or the matters involve a large number of parties, the company cannot predict what the eventual outcome of the pending matters will be or the timing of any resolution of such matters. the company also cannot predict the impact (if any) that any such matters may have on how its business is conducted, on its competitive position or on its financial position, results of operations or cash flows. as the process to resolve any pending matters progresses, management will continue to review the latest information available and assess its ability to predict the outcome of such matters and the effects, if any, on its operations and financial condition. however, in light of the large or indeterminate damages sought in some of them, the absence of similar court rulings on the theories of law asserted and uncertainties regarding apportionment of any potential damages, an estimate of the range of possible losses cannot be made at this time.
the company’s wholly-owned insurance subsidiary insures the company against certain risks including, but not limited to, deductibles for worker’s compensation, employment practices litigation, employee medical claims and terrorism, for which the claims are not material to the company. in addition, for claim years 2008 and 2009, the insurance subsidiary insured the company for defense costs related to professional liability claims. for matters insured by the company’s insurance subsidiary, moody’s records liabilities based on the estimated total claims expected to be paid and total projected costs to defend a claim through its anticipated conclusion. the company determines liabilities based on an assessment of management’s best estimate of claims to be paid and legal defense costs as well as actuarially determined estimates. defense costs for matters not self-insured by the company’s wholly-owned insurance subsidiary are expensed as services are provided.
accounts receivable allowances and contract assets moody’s records variable consideration in respect of estimated future adjustments to customer billings as an adjustment to revenue, using the expected value method based on analysis of similar contracts in the same line of business. such amounts are reflected as additions to the accounts receivable allowance, or to contract assets. additionally, estimates of uncollectible accounts are recorded as bad debt expense and are reflected as additions to the accounts receivable allowance. actual billing adjustments are recorded against the allowance, or contract asset, depending on the nature of the adjustment. actual uncollectible account write-offs are recorded against the allowance. moody’s evaluates its accounts receivable allowance by reviewing and assessing historical collection and adjustment experience and the current status of customer accounts. moody’s also considers the economic environment of the customers, both from an industry and geographic perspective, in evaluating the need for allowances. based on its analysis, moody’s adjusts its allowance as considered appropriate in the circumstances. this process involves a high degree of judgment and estimation and could involve significant dollar amounts. accordingly, moody’s results of operations can be affected by adjustments to the allowance. management believes that the allowance is adequate to cover anticipated adjustments and write-offs under current conditions. however, significant changes in any of the above factors, or actual write-offs or adjustments that differ from the estimated amounts, could impact the company’s consolidated results of operations.
pension and other retirement benefits the expenses, assets and liabilities that moody’s reports for its retirement plans are dependent on many assumptions concerning the outcome of future events and circumstances. these significant assumptions include the following:
»                 long-term expected return on pension plan assets based on historical portfolio results and the expected future average annual return for each major asset class within the plan’s portfolio (which is principally comprised of equity and fixed-income investments); and
the discount rates used to measure the present value of the company’s benefit obligation for its retirement plans as of december 31, 2018 were derived using a cash flow matching method whereby the company compares each plan’s projected payment obligations by year with the corresponding yield on the ftse pension discount curve. the cash flows by plan are then discounted back to present value to determine the discount rate applicable to each plan.
moody’s major assumptions vary by plan and assumptions used are set forth in note 14 to the consolidated financial statements. in determining these assumptions, the company consults with third-party actuaries and other advisors as deemed appropriate. while the company believes that the assumptions used in its calculations are reasonable, differences in actual experience or changes in assumptions could have a significant effect on the expenses, assets and liabilities related to the company’s retirement plans. additionally, the company has updated its mortality assumption by adopting the newly released mortality improvement scale mp-2018 to accompany the rp-2014 mortality tables to reflect the latest information regarding future mortality expectations by the society of actuaries.
36   moody’s 2018 10-k pension expense, total outstanding actuarial gains or losses over the estimated average future working lifetime of active plan participants to the extent that the gain/loss exceeds 10% of the greater of the beginning-of-year projected benefit obligation or the market-related value of plan assets. for moody’s retirement plans, the total actuarial losses as of december 31, 2018 that have not been recognized in annual expense are $83.5 million, and moody’s expects to recognize a net periodic expense of $3.6 million in 2019 related to the amortization of actuarial losses.
for moody’s funded u.s. pension plan, the differences between the expected long-term rate of return assumption and actual returns could also affect the net periodic pension expense. as permitted under asc topic 715, the company amortizes the impact of asset returns over a five-year period for purposes of calculating the market-related value of assets that is used in determining the expected return on assets’ component of annual expense and in calculating the total unrecognized gain or loss subject to amortization. as of december 31, 2018, the company has an unrecognized asset loss of $12.5 million, of which $4.3 million will be recognized in the market-related value of assets that is used to calculate the expected return on assets’ component of 2020 expense.
the table below shows the estimated effect that a one percentage-point decrease in each of these assumptions will have on moody’s 2019 income before provision for income taxes. these effects have been calculated using the company’s current projections of 2019 expenses, assets and liabilities related to moody’s retirement plans, which could change as updated data becomes available.
restructuring the company has engaged, and may continue to engage, in restructuring actions, which require management to utilize significant estimates related to expenses for severance and other employee benefit costs, contract termination costs and asset impairments. if the actual amounts differ from these estimates, the amount of the restructuring charge could be impacted. for a full description of moody’s restructuring actions, refer to note 10 to the consolidated financial statements.
other estimates in addition, there are other accounting estimates within moody’s consolidated financial statements, including recoverability of deferred tax assets, valuation of investments in affiliates and the estimated lives of amortizable intangible assets. management believes the current assumptions and other considerations used to estimate amounts reflected in moody’s consolidated financial statements are appropriate. however, if actual experience differs from the assumptions and other considerations used in estimating amounts reflected in moody’s consolidated financial statements, the resulting changes could have a material adverse effect on moody’s consolidated results of operations or financial condition.
the mis segment is comprised primarily of all of the company’s ratings operations consisting of five lobs – cfg, sfg, fig, ppif and mis other. the ratings lobs generate revenue principally from fees for the assignment and ongoing monitoring of credit ratings on debt obligations and the entities that issue such obligations in markets worldwide. the mis other lob consists of certain non-ratings operations managed by mis, which consists of non-rating revenue from icra and fixed income pricing service operations in the asia-pacific region.
the ma segment develops a wide range of products and services that support financial analysis and risk management activities of institutional participants in global financial markets as well as serving as provider of business intelligence and company information. the ma segment consists of three lines of business – rd&a, ers and ps. the results of operations for ma for the year ended december 31, 2018 include the financial results from omega performance and reis, which were acquired in august 2018 and october 2018, respectively. revenue for the ps lob includes financial results from omega performance and revenue for rd&a lob includes financial results from reis.
the following is a discussion of the results of operations of the company and its reportable segments. total mis revenue and total ma expenses include the intersegment royalty revenue for mis and expense charged to ma for the rights to use and distribute content, data and products developed by mis. the royalty rate charged by mis approximates the fair value of the aforementioned content, data and products developed by mis. total ma revenue and total mis expenses include intersegment fees charged to mis from ma for the use of certain ma products and services in mis’s ratings process. these fees charged by ma are generally equal to the costs incurred by ma to provide these products and services. overhead charges and corporate expenses that exclusively benefit one segment are fully charged to that segment. additionally, overhead costs and corporate expenses of the company that benefit both segments are generally allocated to each segment based on a revenue-split methodology. overhead expenses include costs such as rent and occupancy, information technology and support staff such as finance, human resources and legal.
results of operations year ended december 31, 2018 compared with year ended december 31, 2017
»                                                                  moody’s completed the acquisition of bureau van dijk on august 10, 2017. moody’s results of operations include bureau van dijk’s operating results beginning as of august 11, 2017. additionally, moody’s completed the acquisitions of omega performance and reis on august 16, 2018 and october 15, 2018, respectively. in the discussion below, reference to inorganic revenue growth refers to bureau van dijk’s operating results from january 1, 2018 through and including august 10, 2018 as well as reis and omega performance revenue from their respective acquisitions dates through december 31, 2018.
»               lower non-financial corporate and infrastructure rated issuance volumes reflecting the confluence of unfavorable market factors, with the impact most notable in the fourth quarter of 2018;
»   benefits from a favorable product mix and pricing increases;
»   approximately $202 million of inorganic revenue growth from the acquisitions of bureau van dijk, reis and omega, or approximately 14 percentage points of the growth; and
»   strong growth in the credit research and rating data feeds product lines within rd&amp;a.
»   total operating and sg&amp;a expenses increased $123.1 million, or 6% compared to 2017, with the most notable driver being approximately $120 million of inorganic expense growth from the aforementioned acquisitions.
»   d&amp;a increased $33.6 million primarily due to amortization of intangible assets acquired as part of the bureau van dijk acquisition.
»                                             the etr in 2018 was 21.0%, down from 43.6% for the prior-year period. the etr in 2018 benefitted from the impact of an enacted lower corporate tax rate in the u.s. pursuant to the tax act and lower non-u.s. effective tax rates. the etr in 2017 included a net charge of approximately $246 million related to the impacts of tax reform in the u.s. and belgium partially offset by the non-taxable ccxi gain.
»                                          diluted eps and adjusted diluted eps in 2018 of $6.74 and $7.39, respectively, increased 31%, and 22%, respectively, compared to 2017, with approximately 10 percentage points of the growth due to the favorable impact of the tax act on the etr. refer to the section entitled “non-gaap financial measures” of this md&amp;a for items excluded in the derivation of adjusted diluted eps.
united states                                                       $2,329.6                     $2,348.4                          (1   %)
acquisition-related expenses                                             8.3                         22.5                          63   %
(1)                         adjusted operating income, adjusted operating margin and adjusted diluted eps attributable to moody’s common shareholders are non-gaap financial measures. refer to the section entitled “non-gaap financial measures” of this management discussion and analysis for further information regarding these measures.
united states             4,008                    3,591            12   %
(1)   includes approximately 275 employees from the acquisition of reis and omega performance
global revenue of $4,442.7 million in 2018 increased $238.6 million, or 6%, compared to 2017 reflecting growth in ma partially offset by declines in mis. refer to the section entitled “segment results” of this md&a for a more fulsome discussion of the company’s segment revenue.
operating expenses were $1,245.5 million in 2018, up $28.9 million from 2017, reflecting increases in non-compensation of approximately $38 million, partially offset by a decline in compensation cost of approximately $9 million. the increase in non-compensation costs is primarily due to inorganic expense growth related to the acquisitions of bureau van dijk, reis and omega. the decline in compensation costs reflects lower incentive compensation resulting from lower achievement against full-year targeted results compared to the prior year, partially offset by higher salaries and employee benefits expenses, which includes the impact of salary adjustments and hiring as well as inorganic expense growth related to the aforementioned acquisitions.
sg&a expenses of $1,080.1 million in 2018 increased $94.2 million from the prior year reflecting increases in non-compensation and compensation costs of approximately $65 million and $30 million, respectively. the increase in non-compensation costs primarily reflects inorganic expense growth related to the acquisition of bureau van dijk and higher legal costs. the increase in compensation costs reflects an increase in salaries and employee benefits expenses, which includes the impact of salary adjustments and hiring as well as inorganic expense growth related to the bureau van dijk, reis and omega performance acquisitions. these increases were partially offset by lower incentive compensation reflecting lower achievement against full-year targeted results compared to the prior year.
d&a increased $33.6 million primarily due to amortization of intangible assets acquired as part of the bureau van dijk acquisition.
interest expense, net in 2018 was $216.0 million, a $7.5 million increase in expense compared to 2017, primarily due to interest and fees on additional debt issued in 2017 to fund the acquisition of bureau van dijk and the issuance of additional notes issued in the second and fourth quarter of 2018, all of which are more fully discussed in note 17 to the consolidated financial statements. refer to the section entitled “liquidity and capital resources” of this md&a for further discussion regarding cash flows relating to the company’s indebtedness. this increase was partially offset by benefits from cross-currency swaps executed in 2018, which are more fully discussed in note 6 to the consolidated financial statements. additionally, interest expense in 2017 included approximately $7 million due to the make whole amount on the prepayment of the series 2007-1 notes.
other non-operating income, net was $18.8 million in 2018, a $15.1 million increase compared to 2017 primarily reflecting lower fx losses of approximately $5 million coupled with gains on the company’s investments in certain mutual funds.
additionally, moody’s recognized the $59.7 million ccxi gain and the $111.1 million purchase price hedge gain in 2017.
the reduction in the etr to 21.0% in 2018 primarily reflects the impact of an enacted lower corporate tax rate in the u.s. pursuant to the tax act. additionally, the 2018 etr includes additional utps of approximately $64 million relating to certain non-u.s. matters partially offset by a decrease relating to the transition tax liability of approximately $59 million. furthermore, the 2018 etr includes the benefit from lower non-u.s. effective tax rates. the etr in 2017 was 43.6% and included a net charge of approximately $246 million related to the impacts of tax reform in the u.s. and belgium and tax on the purchase price hedge gain, which was taxed in a higher tax jurisdiction. these items were partially offset by the non-taxable ccxi gain in 2017.
diluted eps in 2018 of $6.74, which included a $0.19 restructuring charge, increased $1.59, or 31%, compared to 2017, which included both the $0.31 ccxi gain and the $0.37 purchase price hedge gain. adjusted diluted eps of $7.39 in 2018 increased $1.32, or 22%, compared to 2017 (refer to the section entitled “non-gaap financial measures” of this md&a for items excluded in the derivation of adjusted diluted eps). the favorable impact of the tax act on the etr contributed approximately 10 percentage points of the growth for both diluted eps and adjusted diluted eps.
financial institutions (fig)                                     441.7                        435.8                           1   %
global cfg revenue of $1,334.1 million in 2018 declined 4% compared to 2017 and reflected lower corporate debt issuance (both investment-grade and speculative-grade) resulting from a confluence of unfavorable cyclical market factors which included: i) higher u.s. benchmark interest rates; ii) increased capital market volatility; iii) widening of credit spreads; and iv) an increase in u.s. corporate sector liquidity subsequent to u.s. tax reform. these declines were partially offset by changes in product mix and pricing increases coupled with growth in new ratings mandates, which resulted in higher monitoring fees in all regions. additionally, the decline compared to 2017 was partially offset by higher bank loan revenue in the first half of 2018 in the u.s. and emea resulting from favorable changes in product mix, m&a financing activity and investor demand for floating rate debt instruments earlier in the year. transaction revenue represented 69% and 73% of total cfg revenue in 2018 and 2017, respectively. in the u.s., revenue was $852.3 million, or 6% lower compared to the prior year. non-u.s. revenue of $481.8 million was approximately flat compared to the prior year.
global sfg revenue of $526.5 million in 2018 increased $31.0 million, or 6%, compared to 2017. in the u.s., revenue of $342.9 million increased $2.8 million over 2017 and reflected strength in clo formation resulting from an increase in the supply of collateral and favorable market conditions in the first half of 2018, which facilitated both new securitizations and ongoing refinancing activity. these increases were partially offset by declines in reit issuance compared to record issuance in 2017 coupled with lower cmbs issuance. non-u.s. revenue in 2018 of $183.6 million increased $28.2 million compared to the prior year. this growth primarily reflects increases across most asset classes in the emea region, most notably in structured credit which has benefited from increased availability of loan moody’s 2018 10-k   41
global fig revenue of $441.7 million in 2018 increased $5.9 million, or 1%, compared to 2017 primarily due to growth in the insurance sector reflecting issuance to fund m&a and refinancing activity as well as benefits from changes in product mix and pricing increases. these increases were partially offset by lower banking-related revenue in asia-pacific reflecting a decline in issuance from chinese financial institutions. in the u.s., revenue of $194.6 million increased 5% compared to the prior year. non-u.s. revenue was $247.1 million in 2018, down 1% compared to 2017. transaction revenue was 42% of total fig revenue in 2018, compared to 45% in the same period in 2017.
global ppif revenue was $391.1 million in 2018 and decreased 9% compared to 2017. in the u.s., revenue in 2018 was $228.8 million, a decrease of $37.6 million compared to 2017, primarily due to lower u.s. public sector supply following the enactment of the tax act, which disallowed certain tax exemptions for advance refunding transactions. additionally, the decline reflects lower infrastructure finance rated issuance volumes. these decreases were partially offset by benefits from changes in product mix and pricing increases. outside the u.s., ppif revenue was $162.3 million and declined modestly compared to 2017. transaction revenue was 61% in 2018, compared to 65% in the same period of 2017.
operating and sg&a expenses in 2018 decreased $56.6 million compared to 2017 primarily due to approximately $98 million in lower incentive compensation accruals reflecting lower achievement against full-year targeted results compared to the prior year. this decrease was partially offset by higher salaries and employee benefits costs reflecting salary adjustments and hiring coupled with higher legal costs.
adjusted operating income and operating income in 2018, which includes intersegment royalty revenue and intersegment expenses, were $1,657.4 million and $1,560.3 million, respectively, and were generally in line with the prior year. operating income in 2018 included a $32.2 million restructuring charge. adjusted operating margin was 58.4%, or 130bps higher than the prior year. operating margin was 55.0% in 2018 compared to 54.5% in the prior year.
restructuring                                           16.5                           —                          nm acquisition-related expenses                             8.3                        22.5                          63   %
global ma revenue increased $300.0 million, or 21%, compared to 2017, primarily due to growth in rd&a, which included approximately $202 million of inorganic revenue growth from the acquisitions of bureau van dijk, reis and omega performance, or 14
42   moody’s 2018 10-k percentage points of the growth. additionally, the growth over the prior year reflects benefits from higher fees within ma’s recurring revenue base due to enhanced content and continued alignment of usage and licensing parameters. recurring revenue comprised 84% and 78% of total ma revenue in 2018 and 2017, respectively.
global rd&a revenue of $1,134.1 million, which comprised 66% and 58% of total external ma revenue in 2018 and 2017, respectively, increased $301.4 million, or 36%, over the prior year period. rd&a revenue in 2018 included approximately $198 million of inorganic revenue growth, or 24 percentage points of the growth, from the bureau van dijk and reis acquisitions. rd&a revenue growth also reflects strong results in the credit research and rating data feeds product lines, where enhanced content and continued alignment of usage and licensing parameters have generated higher fees, coupled with strong organic growth from bureau van dijk. u.s. revenue of $480.4 million and non-u.s. revenue of $653.7 million increased 13% and 60%, respectively, compared to 2017.
global ers revenue of $437.4 million in 2018 decreased $11.2 million, or 2%, compared to 2017. this decrease primarily reflects a decline in perpetual software license sales and related implementation services as the business continues to transition to saas products sold on a subscription basis. these decreases were partially offset by continued strong demand for subscription-based products and benefits from pricing increases within ers’s recurring revenue base. in the u.s., revenue of $170.0 million increased 2% compared to the prior year. non-u.s. revenue of $267.4 million decreased 5% compared to the prior year.
global ps revenue of $158.8 million in 2018 increased $9.8 million compared to 2017 reflecting higher revenue from analytical and research services in emea, which benefited from strong new sales and improved customer retention, coupled with growth in u.s. learning solutions revenue mainly due to the acquisition of omega performance. in the u.s., revenue in 2018 was $60.0 million, up 10% compared to 2017. non-u.s. revenue was $98.8 million, up 5% compared to 2017.
operating and sg&a expenses in 2018 increased $179.7 million compared to 2017 primarily due to approximately $120 million of inorganic expense growth from the bureau van dijk, reis and omega performance acquisitions. additionally, the increase reflects higher compensation costs primarily resulting from salary adjustments and hiring as well as higher incentive compensation reflecting higher achievement against full-year targeted results compared to the prior year.
adjusted operating income was $459.7 million in 2018 and increased $104.3 million compared to the same period in 2017. operating income of $307.9 million in 2018, which included a $16.5 million restructuring charge, increased $58.6 million compared to the same period in 2017. adjusted operating margin in 2018 was 26.4%, up 180bps from 2017. operating margin was 17.7% in 2018, up 50bps from the prior year, with the margin expansion being suppressed by the restructuring charge in 2018. adjusted operating income and operating income both include intersegment revenue and expense.
results of operations year ended december 31, 2017 compared with year ended december 31, 2016
»   moody’s completed the acquisition of bureau van dijk on august 10, 2017. moody’s results of operations include bureau van dijk’s operating results beginning as of august 10, 2017.
»                                mis revenue was 17% higher compared to the prior year with growth across all ratings lobs. the most notable growth was in the cfg lob mainly due to strong leveraged finance issuance across all regions reflecting favorable market conditions and increased investor demand for higher yielding securities.
»                                                             ma revenue grew 16% compared to the prior year reflecting growth across all lobs. the most notable growth was in the rd&amp;a lob, which reflected increases in credit research subscriptions and licensing of credit data as well as an approximate $92 million contribution from bureau van dijk (net of an approximate $36 million reduction relating to a deferred revenue adjustment required as part of acquisition accounting as further described in note 8 to the financial statements, providing approximately seven additional percentage points to growth).
$863.8 million settlement charge in 2016. this decrease is partially offset by higher compensation costs in 2017, which reflects growth in performance-based compensation resulting from strong financial performance in 2017 coupled with annual merit increases. additionally, there was approximately $64 million in bureau van dijk operating expenses and $22.5 million in acquisition-related expenses in 2017.
»   d&amp;a increased $31.6 million primarily due to amortization of intangible assets acquired as part of the bureau van dijk acquisition.
»   higher interest expense of $51.2 million primarily reflecting additional financing in 2017 utilized to fund the payment of the 2016 settlement charge, repay the series 2007-1 notes and fund the bureau van dijk acquisition; and
»                                                the etr of 43.6% in 2017 includes a net charge of approximately $246 million in the fourth quarter related to the impacts of tax reform in the u.s. and belgium partially offset by the non-taxable ccxi gain and an approximate $40 million benefit relating to excess tax benefits on stock-based compensation. the 2016 etr of 50.6% included the non-deductible nature of the federal portion of the settlement charge.
refer to the section entitled “non-gaap financial measures” of this md&amp;a for a full list of items excluded in the derivation of adjusted diluted eps.
united states                                                       $2,348.4                     $2,105.5                          12   %
acquisition-related expenses                                            22.5                            —                          nm settlement charge                                                          —                        863.8                          nm total                                                                2,383.3                      2,953.3                          19   %
(1)                         adjusted operating income, adjusted operating margin and adjusted diluted eps attributable to moody’s common shareholders are non-gaap financial measures. refer to the section entitled “non-gaap financial measures” of this management discussion and analysis for further information regarding these measures.
united states             3,591                    3,386             6   %
(1)   includes 874 employees from the acquisition of bureau van dijk
the $403.0 million increase in mis revenue primarily reflects strong global leveraged finance rated issuance volumes in cfg as issuers took advantage of favorable market conditions to refinance obligations in 2017 as well as growth in the banking sector within fig and in clo issuance in sfg. additionally, the increase over prior year reflects benefits from changes in the mix of fee type, new fee initiatives and pricing increases. these increases were partially offset by lower u.s. public finance refunding volumes.
the $196.9 million increase in ma revenue primarily reflects higher rd&a revenue across all regions driven by growth in credit research subscriptions and licensing of ratings data as well as the contribution from the bureau van dijk acquisition of approximately $92 million (net of an approximate $36 million reduction relating to a deferred revenue adjustment required as part of acquisition accounting as further described in note 8 to the financial statements).
operating expenses were $1,216.6 million in 2017, up $197.0 million from 2016, primarily due to an increase in performance-based expenses (including annual bonuses, a profit sharing contribution and performance-based equity compensation), which is correlated with the strong financial performance of the company in 2017. this increase also reflects higher salaries and employee benefit expenses resulting from the impact of annual compensation increases and increases in headcount coupled with bureau van dijk expenses.
sg&a expenses of $985.9 million in 2017 increased $54.7 million from the prior year period primarily due to higher performance-based correlated costs (including annual bonuses, a profit sharing contribution and performance-based equity compensation), which is consistent with the strong financial performance of the company in 2017 coupled with bureau van dijk expenses. these increases were partially offset by the impact of cost management initiatives implemented in 2016 that have benefited 2017 as well as lower legal costs.
d&a increased $31.6 million primarily due to amortization of intangible assets acquired as part of the bureau van dijk acquisition.
acquisition-related expenses represent expenses incurred to complete and integrate the acquisition of bureau van dijk.
interest (expense) income, net in 2017 was $(208.5) million, a $51.2 million increase in expense compared to 2016 primarily due to: i) interest on the 2017 senior notes and 2017 floating rate senior notes which were issued in the first quarter of 2017 to fund the payment of the 2016 settlement charge and repayment of the series 2007-1 notes; ii) interest on the 2017 private placement notes due 2023 and 2028 both issued in june 2017 coupled with interest on the 2017 term loan drawn down in august 2017, all of which were issued to fund the acquisition of bureau van dijk; and iii) fees on the undrawn 2017 bridge credit facility also related to the acquisition of bureau van dijk.
additionally, moody’s recognized the $59.7 million ccxi gain and the $111.1 million purchase price hedge gain in 2017.
the etr of 43.6% in 2017 includes a net charge of approximately $246 million in the fourth quarter related to the impacts of corporate tax reform in the u.s. and belgium partially offset by the non-taxable ccxi gain and an approximate $40 million benefit reflecting the adoption on a prospective basis of a new accounting standard relating to excess tax benefits on stock-based compensation. in accordance with a new accounting standard, these excess tax benefits are now recorded to the provision for income taxes, whereas in the prior year were recorded to capital surplus (refer to note 1 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion on this new accounting standard). the 2016 etr of 50.6% included the non-deductible nature of the federal portion of the settlement charge. the impact of the aforementioned tax reform in the u.s. is expected to reduce the company’s etr in years subsequent to 2017. for the full-year ended december 31, 2018, the company expects the etr to be between 22% and 23%.
full year 2017 diluted eps of $5.15 was up from $1.36 in 2016. adjusted diluted eps of $6.07 was up 23% from $4.94 in 2016. refer to the section entitled “non-gaap financial measures” of this md&a for a full list of items excluded in the derivation of adjusted diluted eps.
financial institutions (fig)                                     435.8                        368.9                          18   %
global mis revenue of $2,773.8 million in 2017 was up 17% compared to 2016, most notably from strong leveraged finance rated issuance volumes within cfg coupled with strong growth in banking-related revenue in fig and increases across most asset classes in sfg. also contributing to the growth was the favorable impact of changes in product mix, new fee initiatives and pricing increases.
global cfg revenue of $1,392.7 million in 2017 was up 24% compared to 2016 primarily due to strength in leveraged finance issuance in the u.s., emea and asia-pacific as issuers took advantage of favorable market conditions to refinance obligations and fund m&a activity. the growth in leveraged finance revenue also reflects benefits from a favorable product mix in 2017 compared to the prior year where issuance volumes included a greater number of lower-yielding jumbo deals. the increase over the prior year also reflects higher investment-grade corporate debt revenue in the u.s. reflecting continued favorable market conditions and benefits from changes in product mix, new fee initiatives and pricing increases as well as growth in monitoring fees across all regions. transaction revenue represented 73% of total cfg revenue in 2017, compared to 68% in the prior year period. in the u.s., revenue was $909.7 million, or 19% higher compared to the prior year. non-u.s. revenue of $483.0 million increased 34% compared to the prior year.
global sfg revenue of $495.5 million in 2017 increased $58.7 million, or 13%, compared to 2016. in the u.s., revenue of $340.1 million increased $46.8 million over 2016 primarily due to strong growth in clo issuance reflecting an increase in bank loan supply and favorable market conditions which enabled both new securitizations and a surge in refinancing activity. non-u.s. revenue in 2017 of $155.4 million increased $11.9 million compared to the prior year primarily reflecting growth across most asset classes in the emea region. transaction revenue was 65% of total sfg revenue in 2017 compared to 62% in the prior year.
global fig revenue of $435.8 million in 2017 increased $66.9 million, or 18%, compared to 2016. in the u.s., revenue of $186.1 million increased $26.0 million compared to the prior year primarily reflecting higher issuance in the banking sector and benefits from changes in product mix, new fee initiatives and price increases. non-u.s. revenue was $249.7 million in 2017, up $40.9 million compared to 2016 primarily due to higher banking revenue in emea from opportunistic issuance amidst current favorable market conditions as well as benefits from changes in product mix, new fee initiatives and pricing increases. the non-u.s. growth also reflects strength in banking revenue in the asia-pacific region reflecting higher cross-border issuance from chinese banks and the non-bank financial sector. transaction revenue was 45% of total fig revenue in 2017 compared to 37% in 2016.
global ppif revenue was $431.3 million in 2017 and increased $19.1 million, or 5%, compared to 2016. in the u.s., revenue in 2017 was $266.4 million and decreased $9.8 million compared to 2016 primarily due to strong pfg refunding volumes in 2016. these decreases were partially offset by growth in infrastructure finance revenue coupled with benefits from changes in product mix, new fee initiatives and pricing increases. outside the u.s., ppif revenue was $164.9 million and increased $28.9 million compared to 2016 reflecting strong growth in infrastructure finance revenue in the asia-pacific region and growth in public finance revenue in emea. transaction revenue was 65% of total ppif revenue in 2017 compared to 63% in the prior year.
operating and sg&a expenses in 2017 increased $129.0 million compared to 2016 primarily due to growth in performance-based compensation resulting from strong financial performance in 2017 coupled with increased headcount and higher salaries and employee benefits costs reflecting annual compensation increases. these increases were partially offset by lower legal fees and continued cost control initiatives.
restructuring                                             —                         1.8                          nm acquisition-related expenses                           22.5                           —                          nm depreciation and amortization                          83.6                        52.9                         (58   %)
global ma revenue increased $196.9 million, or 16%, compared to 2016 primarily due to growth in rd&a (which included approximately $92 million in revenue, or 7 percentage points of the growth, from the bureau van dijk acquisition) coupled with growth in ers, which included revenue from the first quarter 2016 acquisition of ggy. additionally, the growth over the prior year reflects benefits from higher fees within ma’s recurring revenue base due to enhanced content and continued alignment of usage and licensing parameters. recurring revenue comprised 78% and 75% of total ma revenue in 2017 and 2016, respectively.
global rd&a revenue of $832.7 million, which comprised 58% and 54% of total external ma revenue in 2017 and 2016, respectively, increased $165.1 million, or 25%, over the prior year period. in the u.s., revenue of $424.4 million increased $35.1 million compared to 2016. non-u.s. revenue of $408.3 million increased $130.0 million compared to the prior year. rd&a revenue in 2017 included approximately $92 million in revenue, or 14 percentage points of the growth, from the bureau van dijk acquisition (net of an approximate $36 million reduction relating to a deferred revenue adjustment required as part of acquisition accounting as further described in note 7 to the financial statements). rd&a revenue growth also reflects strong results in the credit research and rating data feeds product lines, where enhanced content and continued alignment of usage and licensing parameters have generated higher fees.
global ers revenue of $448.6 million in 2017 increased $29.8 million, or 7%, over 2016. the growth is primarily due to higher revenue from risk and finance analytics products coupled with incremental revenue from ggy, which was acquired in march 2016. additionally, the revenue growth reflects benefits from pricing increases within ers’s recurring revenue base. revenue in ers is subject to quarterly volatility resulting from the variable nature of project timing and the concentration of software implementation and license revenue in a relatively small number of engagements. in the u.s., revenue of $166.6 million increased $3.7 million compared to the prior year. non-u.s. revenue of $282.0 million increased $26.1 million compared to the prior year.
operating and sg&a expenses in 2017 increased $122.7 million compared to 2016. the expense growth includes an approximate $74 million increase in compensation costs reflecting $32 million in bureau van dijk compensation costs coupled with annual salary increases, higher performance-based compensation and higher severance costs partially offset by the impact of cost control initiatives. non-compensation costs increased approximately $49 million primarily due to bureau van dijk expenses.
there were $22.5 million in acquisition-related expenses incurred to complete and integrate the acquisition of bureau van dijk.
adjusted operating income was $355.4 million in 2017 and increased $65.2 million compared to the same period in 2016. operating income of $249.3 million in 2017 increased $13.8 million compared to the same period in 2016. adjusted operating margin in 2017 was 24.6%, up 130bps from 2016. operating margin was 17.2% in 2017, down 170bps from the prior year reflecting the aforementioned $22.5 million in bureau van dijk acquisition-related expenses coupled with approximately $31 million of higher d&a primarily relating to bureau van dijk’s intangible assets. adjusted operating income and operating income both include intersegment revenue and expense.
moody’s maintains a presence in 42 countries. in 2018, approximately 43% of both the company’s revenue and expenses were denominated in functional currencies other than the u.s. dollar, principally in the british pound and the euro. as such, the company is exposed to market risk from changes in fx rates. as of december 31, 2018, approximately 71% of moody’s assets were located outside the u.s., making the company susceptible to fluctuations in fx rates. the effects of translating assets and liabilities of non-u.s. operations with non-u.s. functional currencies to the u.s. dollar are charged or credited to oci.
the effects of revaluing assets and liabilities that are denominated in currencies other than a subsidiary’s functional currency are charged to other non-operating income (expense), net in the company’s consolidated statements of operations. accordingly, the company enters into foreign exchange forwards to partially mitigate the change in fair value on certain assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than a subsidiary’s functional currency. the following table shows the impact to the fair value of the forward contracts if foreign currencies strengthened against the u.s. dollar:
sell                                  buy u.s. dollar                           british pound           $31 million unfavorable impact u.s. dollar                           canadian dollar         $11 million unfavorable impact u.s. dollar                           euro                    $21 million unfavorable impact u.s. dollar                           japanese yen             $2 million unfavorable impact
(1)   refer to note 6 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this form
the change in fair value of the foreign exchange forward contracts would be offset by fx revaluation gains or losses on underlying assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than a subsidiary’s functional currency.
the company has designated €500 million of the 2015 senior notes as a net investment hedge to mitigate fx exposure relating to euro denominated net investments in subsidiaries. if the euro were to strengthen 10% relative to the u.s. dollar, there would be an approximate $57 million unfavorable adjustment to oci related to this net investment hedge. this adjustment would be offset by favorable translation adjustments on the company’s euro net investment in subsidiaries.
during 2018, the company entered into cross-currency swaps to exchange an aggregate amount of €710.2 million with corresponding interest based on the floating 3-month euribor for an aggregate amount of $830.0 million with corresponding interest based on the floating 3-month u.s. libor, which were designated as net investment hedges under asc topic 815, derivatives and hedging. the purpose of these cross-currency swaps is to mitigate fx exposure related to a portion of the company’s euro net investments in certain foreign subsidiaries against changes in euro/usd exchange rates. if the euro were to strengthen 10% relative to the u.s. dollar, there would be an approximate $81 million unfavorable impact to the fair value of the cross-currency swaps recognized in oci, which would be offset by favorable currency translation gains on the company’s euro net investment in foreign subsidiaries.
credit and interest rate risk:
the company’s interest rate risk management objectives are to reduce the funding cost and volatility to the company and to alter the interest rate exposure to the desired risk profile. moody’s uses interest rate swaps as deemed necessary to assist in accomplishing these objectives. the company is exposed to interest rate risk on its various outstanding fixed-rate debt for which the fair value of the outstanding fixed rate debt fluctuates based on changes in interest rates. the company has entered into interest rate swaps to convert the fixed interest rate on certain of its long-term debt to a floating interest rate based on the 3-month libor. these swaps are adjusted to fair market value based on prevailing interest rates at the end of each reporting period and fluctuations are recorded as a reduction or addition to the carrying value of the borrowing, while net interest payments are recorded as interest expense/income in the company’s consolidated statement of operations. a hypothetical change of 100 bps in the libor-based swap rate would result in an approximate $36 million change to the fair value of the swap, which would be offset by the change in fair value of the hedged item.
additional information on these interest rate swaps is disclosed in note 6 to the consolidated financial statements located in item 8 of this form 10-k.
moody’s cash equivalents consist of investments in high-quality investment-grade securities within and outside the u.s. with maturities of three months or less when purchased. the company manages its credit risk exposure by allocating its cash equivalents among various money market mutual funds, money market deposit accounts, certificates of deposit and issuers of high-grade commercial paper and by limiting the amount it can invest with any single issuer. short-term investments primarily consist of certificates of deposit.
liquidity and capital resources cash flow the company is currently financing its operations, capital expenditures, acquisitions and share repurchases from operating and financing cash flows.
net cash provided by operating activities                 $1,461.1                       $754.6                $706.5                $754.6                  $1,259.2       $(504.6           )
net cash (used in) provided by investing activities       $(406.4       )             $(3,420.0   )          $3,013.6             $(3,420.0     )              $102.0       $(3,522.0         )
net cash (used in) provided by financing activities       $(411.5       )              $1,600.1             $(2,011.6   )          $1,600.1                 $(1,042.9   )   $2,643.0
(1)                                                       free cash flow is a non-gaap measure and is defined by the company as net cash provided by operating activities minus cash paid for capital expenditures. refer to “non-gaap financial measures” of this md&amp;a for further information on this financial measure.
50   moody’s 2018 10-k net cash provided by operating activities year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the year ended december 31, 2017:
net cash flows from operating activities increased $706.5 million compared to the prior year primarily due to the approximate $864 million payment for the settlement charge in 2017. this increase was partially offset by higher incentive compensation payments of approximately $90 million in 2018 compared to the prior year and a decrease of approximately $30 million due to timing of tax payments.
net cash flows from operating activities decreased $504.6 million compared to the prior year primarily due to the approximate $864 million payment for the settlement charge in 2017. this was partially offset by an increase in cash flows primarily relating to the company’s strong earnings growth in 2017.
net cash (used in) provided by investing activities year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the year ended december 31, 2017:
the $3,013.6 million decrease in cash flows used in investing activities compared to 2017 primarily reflects:
»                                       a net $3.2 billion decrease in cash paid for acquisitions compared to the prior year primarily reflecting the acquisition of bureau van dijk for approximately $3.5 billion in 2017, partially offset by approximately $289 million paid in 2018 for the acquisitions of reis and omega performance;
the $3,522.0 million increase in cash flows used in investing activities compared to 2016 primarily reflects:
»   a $3.4 billion increase in cash paid for acquisitions compared to the prior year primarily reflecting the acquisition of bureau van dijk in the third quarter of 2017;
»   lower net maturities of investments of $251.2 million in 2017;
net cash (used in) provided by financing activities year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the year ended december 31, 2017:
the $2,011.6 million increase in cash used in financing activities was primarily attributed to:
»             net proceeds of $2.1 billion in 2017, which included debt and commercial paper issued to fund the acquisition of bureau van dijk and the payment of the settlement charge, partially offset by the early repayment of the 2007-1 notes and repayments of cp in 2017.
the $2,643.0 million increase in cash provided by financing activities was primarily attributed to:
»                                                              proceeds of $1.5 billion from notes and a term loan issued as well as $0.1 billion in net proceeds from commercial paper to fund the acquisition of bureau van dijk. additionally, reflects $0.8 billion of notes issued in the first quarter of 2017 to fund the payment of the 2016 settlement charge and the early repayment of the series 2007-1 notes;
cash and short-term investments held in non-u.s. jurisdictions the company’s aggregate cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments of $1.8 billion at december 31, 2018 included approximately $0.9 billion located outside of the u.s. approximately 21% of the company’s aggregate cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments is denominated in euros and british pounds. the company manages both its u.s. and non-u.s. cash flow to maintain sufficient liquidity in all regions to effectively meet its operating needs.
as a result of the tax act, all previously net undistributed foreign earnings have now been subject to u.s. tax. the company continues to evaluate which entities it will indefinitely reinvest earnings outside the u.s. the company has provided deferred taxes for those entities whose earnings are not considered indefinitely reinvested. accordingly, the company has commenced repatriating a portion of its non-u.s. cash in these subsidiaries and will continue to repatriate certain of its offshore cash in a manner that addresses compliance with local statutory requirements, sufficient offshore working capital and any other factors that may be relevant in certain jurisdictions. notwithstanding the tax act, which generally eliminated federal income tax on future cash repatriation to the u.s., cash repatriation may be subject to state and local taxes or withholding or similar taxes.
other material future cash requirements the company believes that it has the financial resources needed to meet its cash requirements and expects to have positive operating cash flow in 2019. cash requirements for periods beyond the next twelve months will depend, among other things, on the company’s profitability and its ability to manage working capital requirements. the company may also borrow from various sources.
the company remains committed to using its strong cash flow to create value for shareholders by investing in growing areas of the business, reinvesting in ratings quality initiatives, making selective acquisitions, repurchasing stock and paying a dividend, all in a manner consistent with maintaining sufficient liquidity after giving effect to any additional indebtedness that may be incurred.
on december 15, 2015, the board authorized a $1.0 billion share repurchase program, which at december 31, 2018 had a remaining authority of approximately $324 million. additionally, in october 2018, the board authorized an additional $1.0 billion share repurchase program, which may commence following the completion of the existing program.
on february 20, 2019, the company entered into an accelerated share repurchase agreement (asr) with a financial institution counterparty to repurchase $500 million of its outstanding common stock. the final settlement of the transaction under the asr agreement is expected to be completed no later than april 2019. the asr was entered into pursuant to the company’s existing share repurchase program, as further discussed in note 18 of the company’s financial statements.
full-year 2019 total share repurchases (including shares repurchased via the aforementioned asr) are expected to be approximately $1 billion, subject to available cash, market conditions and other ongoing capital allocation decisions.
restructuring on october 26, 2018, the company approved a restructuring program that is estimated to result in an annualized savings of approximately $40 to $50 million a year, a portion of which will benefit 2019. this restructuring program is estimated to result in total pre-tax charges of approximately $70 to $80 million, of which approximately $35 to $40 million is estimated to result from personnel-related activities. a majority of the cash outlays for these personnel-related activities will be paid in the year ended december 31, 2019. this restructuring program is more fully discussed in note 10 to the consolidated financial statements.
other cash requirements the company has future cash requirements, including operating leases and debt service and payments, as noted in the tables that follow as well as future payments related to the transition tax under the tax act.
indebtedness at december 31, 2018, moody’s had $5.7 billion of outstanding debt and approximately $1 billion of additional capacity available under the company’s cp program, which is backstopped by the 2018 facility as more fully discussed in note 17 to the consolidated financial statements. at december 31, 2018, the company was in compliance with all covenants contained within all of the debt agreements. all of the company’s long-term debt agreements contain cross default provisions which state that default under one of the aforementioned debt instruments could in turn permit lenders under other debt instruments to declare borrowings outstanding under those instruments to be immediately due and payable. at december 31, 2018, there were no such cross defaults.
during 2018, the company issued $1.1 billion in unsecured senior notes via public offerings, the terms of which are more fully discussed in note 17. additionally, the company repaid the 2017 term loan of $500 million and the 2017 floating rate senior notes of $300 million. furthermore, in january 2019, the company also repaid the 2014 senior note (5-year) of $450 million.
the company has fulfilled its commitment to delever its balance sheet following additional financing obtained in 2017 to partially fund the acquisition of bureau van dijk.
management may consider pursuing additional long-term financing when it is appropriate in light of cash requirements for operations, share repurchases and other strategic opportunities, which would result in higher financing costs.
off-balance sheet arrangements at december 31, 2018, moody’s did not have any relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as special purpose or variable interest entities where moody’s is the primary beneficiary, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. as such, moody’s is not exposed to any financing, liquidity, market or credit risk that could arise if it had engaged in such relationships.
(2)   reflects projected benefit payments relating to the company’s u.s. unfunded dbpps and retirement and other plans described in note 14 to the consolidated financial statements.
(3)                                                                       the table above does not include the company’s net long-term tax liabilities of $494.6 million relating to utps, since the expected cash outflow of such amounts by period cannot be reasonably estimated. additionally, the table above does not include approximately $198 million relating to the remaining unpaid deemed repatriation liability resulting from the tax act enacted into law in the u.s. in december 2017.
in addition to its reported results, moody’s has included in this md&a certain adjusted results that the sec defines as “non-gaap financial measures.” management believes that such non-gaap financial measures, when read in conjunction with the company’s reported results, can provide useful supplemental information for investors analyzing period to period comparisons of the company’s performance, facilitate comparisons to competitors’ operating results and can provide greater transparency to investors of supplemental information used by management in its financial and operational decision-making. these non-gaap measures, as defined by the company, are not necessarily comparable to similarly defined measures of other companies. furthermore, these non-gaap measures should not be viewed in isolation or used as a substitute for other gaap measures in assessing the operating performance or cash flows of the company. below are descriptions of the company’s non-gaap financial measures accompanied by a reconciliation of the non-gaap measure to its most directly comparable gaap measure:
the company presents adjusted operating income because management deems this metric to be a useful measure of assessing the operating performance of moody’s. adjusted operating income excludes depreciation and amortization, restructuring, and acquisition-
related expenses. depreciation and amortization are excluded because companies utilize productive assets of different ages and use different methods of acquiring and depreciating productive assets. restructuring charges are excluded as the frequency and magnitude of these charges may vary widely across periods and companies. acquisition-related expenses consist of expenses incurred to complete and integrate the acquisition of bureau van dijk and are excluded due to the material nature of these expenses on an annual basis, which are not expected to recur at this dollar magnitude subsequent to the completion of the multi-year integration effort. acquisition-related expenses from other acquisitions were not material. management believes that the exclusion of depreciation and amortization, restructuring charges, and acquisition-related expenses, as detailed in the reconciliation below, allows for an additional perspective on the company’s operating results from period to period and across companies. the company defines adjusted operating margin as adjusted operating income divided by revenue.
acquisition-related expenses                8.3                    22.5                       —
the company presents adjusted net income and adjusted diluted eps because management deems these metrics to be useful measures to provide additional perspective on the operating performance of moody’s. adjusted net income and adjusted diluted eps exclude the impact of amortization of acquired intangible assets, acquisition-related expenses, restructuring charges, the purchase price hedge gain, the ccxi gain, the effects of u.s. tax reform and certain adjustments relating to the company’s non-u.s. utps.
the company excludes the impact of amortization of acquired intangible assets as companies utilize intangible assets with different ages and have different methods of acquiring and amortizing intangible assets. furthermore, the timing and magnitude of business combination transactions are not predictable and the purchase price allocated to amortizable intangible assets and the related amortization period are unique to each acquisition and can vary significantly from period to period and across companies. also, management believes that excluding acquisition-related amortization expense provides additional perspective when comparing operating results from period to period, and with both acquisitive and non-acquisitive peer companies. additionally acquisition-related expenses are excluded due to the material nature of these expenses on an annual basis, which are not expected to recur at this dollar magnitude subsequent to the completion of the multi-year integration effort relating to bureau van dijk. acquisition-related expenses from other acquisitions were not material.
the company excludes the purchase price hedge gain, the ccxi gain and restructuring charges to provide additional perspective on the company’s operating results from period to period and across companies as the frequency and magnitude of similar transactions may vary widely across periods.
furthermore, u.s. tax reform as well as changes in tax laws in europe were both enacted in the fourth quarter of 2017, resulting in significant adjustments to the provision for income taxes. the company excludes these adjustments as well as the impact of 2018 adjustments pursuant to u.s. tax reform and certain adjustments relating to the company’s non-u.s. utps, which resulted in significant adjustments to the provision for income taxes in 2018. the company excludes these items to provide additional perspective when comparing net income and diluted eps from period to period and across companies as the frequency and magnitude of similar transactions may vary widely across periods.
54   moody’s 2018 10-k below is a reconciliation of this measure to its most directly comparable u.s. gaap amount:
pre-tax acquisition-related expenses                                                           $8.3                                  $22.5                                                  $—
tax on acquisition-related expenses                                                            (2.1   )                                    (3.6    )                                         —
net acquisition-related expenses (1)                                                                                   6.2                                         18.9                                        —
pre-tax acquisition-related intangible amortization expenses                                 $101.7                                  $61.4                                               $34.2
tax on acquisition-related intangible amortization expenses                                   (23.0   )                                    (16.2   )                                      (9.8   )
net acquisition-related intangible amortization expenses                                                              78.7                                         45.2                                         24.4
(1)   certain of these acquisition-related expenses are not deductible for tax.
the tax impacts in the table above were calculated using tax rates in effect in the jurisdiction for which the item relates.
pre-tax acquisition-related expenses                                                         $0.04                                $0.12                                              $—
tax on acquisition-related expenses                                                          (0.01   )                                  (0.02   )                                     —
net acquisition-related expenses (1)                                                                               0.03                                       0.10                                     —
pre-tax acquisition-related intangible amortization expenses                                 $0.52                                $0.32                                           $0.18
tax on acquisition-related intangible amortization expenses                                  (0.12   )                                  (0.09   )                                 (0.05   )
net acquisition-related intangible amortization expenses                                                           0.40                                       0.23                                      0.13
(1)   certain of these acquisition-related expenses are not deductible for tax
the tax impacts in the table above were calculated using tax rates in effect in the jurisdiction for which the item relates.
the company defines free cash flow as net cash provided by operating activities minus payments for capital additions. management believes that free cash flow is a useful metric in assessing the company’s cash flows to service debt, pay dividends and to fund acquisitions and share repurchases. management deems capital expenditures essential to the company’s product and service innovations and maintenance of moody’s operational capabilities. accordingly, capital expenditures are deemed to be a recurring use of moody’s cash flow. below is a reconciliation of the company’s net cash flows from operating activities to free cash flow:
net cash provided by operating activities                 $1,461.1                       $754.6                  $1,259.2
capital additions                                                (90.4    )               (90.6    )               (115.2   )
net cash (used in) provided by investing activities       $(406.4         )           $(3,420.0    )               $102.0
net cash (used in) provided by financing activities       $(411.5         )            $1,600.1                 $(1,042.9   )
recently issued accounting pronouncements refer to note 2 to the consolidated financial statements located in part ii, item 8 on this form 10-k for a discussion on the impact to the company relating to recently issued accounting pronouncements.
contingencies for information regarding legal proceedings, see part ii, item 8 – “financial statements”, note 20 “contingencies” in this form 10-k.
forward-looking statements certain statements contained in this quarterly report on form 10-k are forward-looking statements and are based on future expectations, plans and prospects for the company’s business and operations that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. such statements involve estimates, projections, goals, forecasts, assumptions and uncertainties that could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those contemplated, expressed, projected, anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. those statements appear at various places throughout this annual report on form 10-k, including in the sections entitled “contingencies” under item 7, “md&a”, commencing on page 31 of this annual report on form 10-k, under “legal proceedings” in part i, item 3, of this form 10-k, and elsewhere in the context of statements containing the words “believe”, “expect”, “anticipate”, “intend”, “plan”, “will”, “predict”, “potential”, “continue”, “strategy”, “aspire”, “target”, “forecast”, “project”, “estimate”, “should”, “could”, “may” and similar expressions or words and variations thereof relating to the company’s views on future events, trends and contingencies. stockholders and investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. the forward-looking statements and other information are made as of the date of this annual report on form 10-k, and the company undertakes no obligation (nor does it intend) to publicly supplement, update or revise such statements on a going-forward basis, whether as a result of subsequent developments, changed expectations or otherwise, except as required by law. in connection with the “safe harbor” provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995, the company is identifying examples of factors, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ, perhaps materially, from those indicated by these forward-looking statements.
those factors, risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, credit market disruptions or economic slowdowns, which could affect the volume of debt and other securities issued in domestic and/or global capital markets; other matters that could affect the volume of debt and other securities issued in domestic and/or global capital markets, including regulation, credit quality concerns, changes in interest rates and other volatility in the financial markets such as that due to the u.k.’s planned withdrawal from the eu; the level of merger and acquisition activity in the u.s. and abroad; the uncertain effectiveness and possible collateral consequences of u.s. and foreign government actions affecting credit markets, international trade and economic policy; concerns in the marketplace affecting our credibility or otherwise affecting market perceptions of the integrity or utility of independent credit agency ratings; the introduction of competing products or technologies by other companies; pricing pressure from competitors and/or customers; the level of success of new product development and global expansion; the impact of regulation as an nrsro, the potential for new u.s., state and local legislation and regulations, including provisions in the financial reform act and regulations resulting from that act; the potential for increased competition and regulation in the eu and other foreign jurisdictions; exposure to litigation related to our rating opinions, as well as any other litigation, government and regulatory proceedings, investigations and inquires to which the company may be subject from time to time; provisions in the financial reform act legislation modifying the pleading standards, and eu regulations modifying the liability standards, applicable to credit rating agencies in a manner adverse to credit rating agencies; provisions of eu regulations imposing additional procedural and substantive requirements on the pricing of services and the expansion of supervisory moody’s 2018 10-k   57
remit to include non-eu ratings used for regulatory purposes; the possible loss of key employees; failures or malfunctions of our operations and infrastructure; any vulnerabilities to cyber threats or other cybersecurity concerns; the outcome of any review by controlling tax authorities of the company’s global tax planning initiatives; exposure to potential criminal sanctions or civil remedies if the company fails to comply with foreign and u.s. laws and regulations that are applicable in the jurisdictions in which the company operates, including data protection and privacy laws, sanctions laws, anti-corruption laws, and local laws prohibiting corrupt payments to government officials; the impact of mergers, acquisitions or other business combinations and the ability of the company to successfully integrate such acquired businesses; currency and foreign exchange volatility; the level of future cash flows; the levels of capital investments; and a decline in the demand for credit risk management tools by financial institutions. these factors, risks and uncertainties as well as other risks and uncertainties that could cause moody’s actual results to differ materially from those contemplated, expressed, projected, anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements are described in greater detail under “risk factors” in part i, item 1a of the company’s annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2018, and in other filings made by the company from time to time with the sec or in materials incorporated herein or therein. stockholders and investors are cautioned that the occurrence of any of these factors, risks and uncertainties may cause the company’s actual results to differ materially from those contemplated, expressed, projected, anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements, which could have a material and adverse effect on the company’s business, results of operations and financial condition. new factors may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for the company to predict new factors, nor can the company assess the potential effect of any new factors on it.