item 1a.    risk factors.
our business is affected by the risks generally incident to the residential construction business, including, but not limited to:
•   actual and expected direction of interest rates, which affect our costs, the availability of construction financing, and long-term financing for potential purchasers of homes;
•   the availability of mortgage financing;
•   the availability of adequate land in desirable locations on favorable terms;
•   employment levels, consumer confidence and spending and unexpected changes in customer preferences; and
•   changes in the national economy and in the local economies of the markets in which we operate.
an economic downturn or decline in economic conditions could adversely affect our business and our results of operations.
demand for new homes is sensitive to economic changes driven by conditions such as employment levels, job growth, consumer confidence and interest rates.  if the housing industry suffers a downturn, our sales may decline which could have a material adverse effect on our profitability, stock performance, ability to service our debt obligations and future cash flows.
interest rate movements, inflation and other economic factors can negatively impact our business.
high rates of inflation generally affect the homebuilding industry adversely because of their adverse impact on interest rates. high interest rates not only increase the cost of borrowed funds to homebuilders but also have a significant adverse effect on housing demand and on the affordability of permanent mortgage financing to prospective purchasers. we are also subject to potential volatility in the price of commodities that impact costs of materials used in our homebuilding business. increases in prevailing interest rates could have a material adverse effect on our sales, profitability, stock performance, ability to service our debt obligations and future cash flows.
our financial results also are affected by the risks generally incident to our mortgage banking business, including interest rate levels, the impact of government regulation on mortgage loan originations and servicing and the need to issue forward commitments to fund and sell mortgage loans. our homebuilding customers account for almost all of our mortgage banking business. the volume of our continuing homebuilding operations therefore affects our mortgage banking business.
our mortgage banking business also is affected by interest rate fluctuations. we also may experience marketing losses resulting from daily increases in interest rates to the extent we are unable to match interest rates and amounts on loans we have committed to originate with forward commitments from third parties to purchase such loans. increases in interest rates may have a material adverse effect on our mortgage banking revenue, profitability, stock performance, ability to service our debt obligations and future cash flows.
our operations may also be adversely affected by other economic factors within our markets such as negative changes in employment levels, job growth, wage growth, consumer confidence and household formation and availability of mortgage financing, one or all of which could result in reduced demand or price depression from current levels. such negative trends could have a material adverse effect on homebuilding operations.
these factors and thus, the homebuilding and mortgage banking businesses, have at times in the past been cyclical in nature. any downturn in the national economy or the local economies of the markets in which we operate could have a material adverse effect on our sales, profitability, stock performance and ability to service our debt obligations. in particular, during 2018, approximately 23% and 8% of our home settlements occurred in the washington, d.c. and baltimore, md metropolitan areas, respectively, which accounted for approximately 30% and 10%, respectively, of our 2018 homebuilding revenues. thus, we are dependent to a significant extent on the economy and demand for housing in those areas.
because almost all of our customers require mortgage financing, the availability of suitable mortgage financing could impair the affordability of our homes, lower demand for our products, and limit our ability to fully deliver our backlog.
our business and earnings depend on the ability of our potential customers to obtain mortgages for the purchase of our homes. in addition, many of our potential customers must sell their existing homes in order to buy a home from us. the tightening of credit standards and the availability of suitable mortgage financing could prevent customers from buying our homes and could prevent buyers of our customers' homes from obtaining mortgages they need to complete that purchase, either of which could result in potential customers' inability to buy a home from us. if potential customers or the buyers of our customers' current homes are not able to obtain suitable financing, the result could have a material adverse effect on our sales, profitability, stock performance, ability to service our debt obligations and future cash flows.
if our ability to sell mortgages to investors is impaired, we may be required to fund these commitments ourselves, or we may not be able to originate loans at all.
our mortgage banking business sells all of the loans it originates into the secondary market, usually within 30 days from the date of closing, and has up to $150 million available under a repurchase agreement to fund mortgage closings. see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - liquidity and capital resources" in item 7 of this form 10-k for more information about the repurchase agreement. in the event that disruptions to the secondary markets tighten or eliminate the available liquidity within the secondary markets for mortgage loans, or the underwriting requirements by our secondary market investors continue to become more stringent, our ability to sell future mortgages could decline and we could be required, among other things, to fund our commitments to our buyers with our own financial resources, which is limited, or require our home buyers to find another source of financing. the result of such secondary market disruption could have a material adverse effect on our sales, profitability, stock performance, ability to service our debt obligations and future cash flows.
if the market value of our inventory or controlled lot position declines, our profit could decrease and we may incur losses.
inventory risk can be substantial for homebuilders. the market value of building lots and housing inventories can fluctuate significantly as a result of changing market conditions. in addition, inventory carrying costs can be significant and can result in losses in a poorly performing community or market. we must continuously seek and make acquisitions of lots for expansion into new markets as well as for replacement and expansion within our current markets, which we generally accomplish by entering into lot purchase agreements and paying forfeitable deposits under the lot purchase agreements to developers for the contractual right to acquire the lots. in the event of adverse changes in economic, market or community conditions, we may cease further building activities in certain communities or restructure existing lot purchase agreements, resulting in forfeiture of some or all of any remaining land contract deposit paid to the developer. we may also have significant impairments of land under development. the forfeiture of land contract deposits or inventory impairments may result in a loss that could have a material adverse effect on our profitability, stock performance, ability to service our debt obligations and future cash flows.
if the underwriting quality of our mortgage originations is found to be deficient, our profit could decrease and we may incur losses.
we originate several different loan products to our customers to finance the purchase of their home. we sell all of the loans we originate into the secondary mortgage market generally within 30 days from the date of closing. all of the loans that we originate are underwritten to the standards and specifications of the ultimate investor. insofar as we underwrite our originated loans to those standards, we bear no increased concentration of credit risk from the issuance of loans, except in certain limited instances where early payment default occurs. in the event that a substantial number of the loans that we have originated fall into default and the investors to whom we sold the loans determine that we did not underwrite the loans in accordance with their requirements, we could be required to repurchase the loans from the investor or indemnify the investor for any losses incurred. any resulting losses could have a material adverse effect on our profitability, stock performance, ability to service our debt obligations and future cash flows.
our mortgage banking operations may be responsible for losses associated with mortgage loans originated and sold to investors in the event of errors or omissions relating to certain representations and warranties that the loans sold meet certain requirements, including representations as to underwriting standards, the type of collateral, the existence of private mortgage insurance, and the validity of certain borrower representations in connection with the loan. the resolution of claims related to alleged breaches of these representations and warranties and repurchase claims could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations and could result in losses that exceed existing estimates and accruals. because of the uncertainties inherent in
our inability to secure and control an adequate inventory of lots could adversely impact our operations.
the results of our homebuilding operations depend upon our continuing ability to control an adequate number of homebuilding lots in desirable locations. there can be no assurance that an adequate supply of building lots will continue to be available to us on terms similar to those available in the past, or that we will not be required to devote a greater amount of capital to controlling building lots than we have historically. an insufficient supply of building lots in one or more of our markets, an inability of our developers to deliver finished lots in a timely fashion due to their inability to secure financing to fund development activities or for other reasons, or our inability to purchase or finance building lots on reasonable terms could have a material adverse effect on our sales, profitability, stock performance, ability to service our debt obligations and future cash flows.
volatility in the credit and capital markets may impact our ability to access necessary financing.
if we require working capital greater than that provided by our operations and our credit facility, we may be required to seek to increase the amount available under the facility or seek alternative financing, which might not be available on terms that are favorable or acceptable. if we are required to seek financing to fund our working capital requirements, volatility in credit or capital markets may restrict our flexibility to access financing. if we are at any time unsuccessful in obtaining sufficient capital to fund our planned homebuilding expenditures, we may experience a substantial delay in the completion of homes then under construction, or we may be unable to control or purchase finished building lots. any delay could result in cost increases and could have a material adverse effect on our sales, profitability, stock performance, ability to service our debt obligations and future cash flows.
our mortgage banking operations depend in part on the availability, cost and other terms of mortgage financing facilities, and may be adversely affected by any shortage or increased cost of such financing. additional or replacement financing might not be available on terms that are favorable or acceptable. our mortgage banking operations are also dependent upon the securitization market for mortgage-backed securities, and could be materially adversely affected by any fluctuation or downturn in such market.
our existing indebtedness contains restrictive covenants and any future indebtedness may also contain such covenants. these covenants include, or could include, restrictions on our ability to create, incur, assume or guarantee secured debt, enter into sale and leaseback transactions and conditions related to mergers and/or the sale of assets. substantial losses by us or other action or inaction by us or our subsidiaries could result in the violation of one or more of these covenants, which could result in decreased liquidity or a default on our current or future indebtedness, thereby having a material adverse effect on our sales, profitability, stock performance, ability to service our debt obligations and future cash flows.
government regulations and environmental matters could negatively affect our operations.
we are subject to various local, state and federal statutes, ordinances, rules and regulations concerning zoning, building design, construction and similar matters, including local regulations that impose restrictive zoning and density requirements in order to limit the number of homes that can eventually be built within the boundaries of a particular area. these regulations may further increase the cost to produce and market our products. in addition, we have from time to time been subject to, and may also be subject in the future to, periodic delays in our homebuilding projects due to building moratoriums in the areas in which we operate or delays in receiving the necessary governmental approvals. changes in regulations that restrict homebuilding activities in one or more of our principal markets could have a material adverse effect on our sales, profitability, stock performance, ability to service our debt obligations and future cash flows.
in addition, new housing developments are often subject to various assessments or impact fees for schools, parks, streets, highways and other public improvements. the cost of these assessments is subject to substantial change and could cause increases in the construction cost of our homes, which, in turn, could reduce our profitability.
we are also subject to a variety of local, state and federal statutes, ordinances, rules and regulations concerning the protection of health and the environment. we are subject to a variety of environmental conditions that can affect our business and our homebuilding projects. the particular environmental laws that apply to any given homebuilding site vary greatly according to the location and environmental condition of the site and the present and former uses of the site and adjoining properties. environmental laws and conditions may result in delays, cause us to incur substantial compliance and other costs, or prohibit or severely restrict homebuilding activity in certain environmentally sensitive regions or areas, thereby adversely affecting our sales, profitability, stock performance, ability to service our debt obligations and future cash flows.
the mortgage industry remains under intense scrutiny and continues to face increasing regulation at the federal, state and local level. potential changes to federal laws and regulations could have the effect of limiting the activities of fnma and fhlmc, the entities that provide liquidity to the secondary mortgage market, which could lead to increases in mortgage interest rates. tighter
underwriting requirements and fee restrictions and the increasingly complex regulatory environment may negatively impact our mortgage loan origination business in the form of lower demand, decreased revenue and increased operating costs.
we are an approved seller/servicer of fnma and fhlmc mortgage loans and an approved seller/issuer of gnma, va and fha mortgage loans, and are subject to all of those agencies' rules and regulations. any significant impairment of our eligibility to sell/service these loans could have a material adverse impact on our mortgage operations. in addition, we are subject to regulation at the state and federal level with respect to specific origination, selling and servicing practices including the real estate settlement and protection act. adverse changes in governmental regulation may have a negative impact on our mortgage loan origination business.
we face competition in our homebuilding and mortgage banking operations.
the homebuilding industry is highly competitive. we compete with numerous homebuilders of varying size, ranging from local to national in scope, some of whom have greater financial resources than we do. we face competition:
•   for suitable and desirable lots at acceptable prices;
•   from selling incentives offered by competing builders within and across developments; and
•   from the existing home resale market.
our homebuilding operations compete primarily on the basis of price, location, design, quality, service and reputation.
the mortgage banking industry is also competitive. our main competition comes from national, regional and local mortgage bankers, credit unions, banks and mortgage brokers in each of these markets. our mortgage banking operations compete primarily on the basis of customer service, variety of products offered, interest rates offered, prices of ancillary services and relative financing availability and costs.
we might not be able to continue to compete successfully in our homebuilding or mortgage banking operations. an inability to effectively compete may have an adverse impact on our sales, profitability, stock performance, ability to service our debt obligations and future cash flows.
a shortage of building materials or labor, or increases in materials or labor costs may adversely impact our operations.
the homebuilding business has from time to time experienced building material and labor shortages, including fluctuating lumber prices and supply. in addition, strong construction market conditions could restrict the labor force available to our subcontractors and us in one or more of our markets. significant increases in costs resulting from these shortages, or delays in construction of homes, could have a material adverse effect on our sales, profitability, stock performance, ability to service our debt obligations and future cash flows.
we engage subcontractors to perform the actual construction of our homes. despite our quality control efforts, we may discover that our subcontractors have engaged in improper construction practices. the occurrence of such events could require us to repair the homes in accordance with our standards and as required by law. the cost of satisfying our legal obligations in these instances may be significant, and we may be unable to recover the cost of repair from subcontractors, suppliers and insurers.
product liability litigation and warranty claims may adversely impact our operations.
construction defect and home warranty claims are common and can represent a substantial risk for the homebuilding industry. the cost of insuring against construction defect and product liability claims, as well as the claims themselves, can be high. in addition, insurance companies limit coverage offered to protect against these claims. further restrictions on coverage availability, or significant increases in premium costs or claims, could have a material adverse effect on our financial results.
we are subject to litigation proceedings that could harm our business if an unfavorable ruling were to occur.
from time to time, we are involved in litigation and other legal proceedings relating to claims arising from our operations in the normal course of business. as described in, but not limited to, item 3, "legal proceedings" of this form 10-k, we are currently subject to certain legal proceedings. litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and unfavorable rulings may occur. these or other litigation or legal proceedings could materially affect our ability to conduct our business in the manner that we expect or otherwise adversely affect us should an unfavorable ruling occur.
the loss of key personnel could adversely impact our business.
we rely on our key personnel to effectively operate and manage our business. specifically, our future success depends heavily on the performance of our senior management team. our business may be adversely affected if we are unable to retain key personnel or attract qualified personnel to manage our business.
our failure to maintain the security of our electronic and other confidential information could expose us to liability and materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
privacy, security, and compliance concerns have continued to increase as technology has evolved. as part of our normal business activities, we collect and store certain confidential information, including personal information of homebuyers/borrowers and information about employees, vendors and suppliers. this information is entitled to protection under a number of federal and state laws. we may share some of this information with vendors who assist us with certain aspects of our business, particularly our mortgage and title businesses. we have implemented systems and processes intended to secure our information technology systems and prevent unauthorized access to or loss of sensitive, confidential and personal data, including through the use of encryption and authentication technologies. additionally, we have increased our monitoring capabilities to enhance early detection and rapid response to potential security anomalies. these security measures may not be sufficient for all possible occurrences and may be vulnerable to hacking, employee error, malfeasance, system error, faulty password management or other irregularities. further, development and maintenance of these measures are costly and require ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become increasingly sophisticated. our failure to maintain the security of the data we are required to protect, including via the penetration of our network security and the misappropriation of confidential and personal information, could result in business disruption, damage to our reputation, financial obligations to third parties, fines, penalties, regulatory proceedings and private litigation with potentially large costs, and also in deterioration in customers' confidence in us and other competitive disadvantages, and thus could have a material adverse effect on our sales, profitability, stock performance, ability to service our debt obligations and future cash flows.
weather-related and other events beyond our control may adversely impact our operations.
extreme weather or other events, such as significant snowfalls, hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes, forest fires, floods, terrorist attacks or war may affect our markets, our operations and our profitability. these events may impact our physical facilities or those of our suppliers or subcontractors and our housing inventories, causing us material increases in costs, or delays in construction of homes, which could have a material adverse effect upon our sales, profitability, stock performance, ability to service our debt obligations and future cash flows.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
(dollars in thousands, except per share data)
results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016
overview business our primary business is the construction and sale of single-family detached homes, townhomes and condominium buildings, all of which are primarily constructed on a pre-sold basis. to fully serve customers of our homebuilding operations, we also operate a mortgage banking and title services business. we primarily conduct our operations in mature markets. additionally, we generally grow our business through market share gains in our existing markets and by expanding into markets contiguous to our current active markets. our four homebuilding reportable segments consist of the following regions:
north east:     new jersey and eastern pennsylvania mid east:       new york, ohio, western pennsylvania, indiana and illinois south east:     north carolina, south carolina, florida and tennessee our lot acquisition strategy is predicated upon avoiding the financial requirements and risks associated with direct land ownership and development. we generally do not engage in land development (see discussion below of our land development activities). instead, we typically acquire finished lots at market prices from various third party land developers pursuant to lot purchase agreements. these lot purchase agreements require deposits, typically ranging up to 10% of the aggregate purchase price of the finished lots, in the form of cash or letters of credit that may be forfeited if we fail to perform under the lot purchase agreement. this strategy has allowed us to maximize inventory turnover, which we believe enables us to minimize market risk and to operate with less capital, thereby enhancing rates of return on equity and total capital.
in addition to constructing homes primarily on a pre-sold basis and utilizing what we believe is a conservative lot acquisition strategy, we focus on obtaining and maintaining a leading market position in each market we serve. this strategy allows us to gain valuable efficiencies and competitive advantages in our markets, which we believe contributes to minimizing the adverse effects of regional economic cycles and provides growth opportunities within these markets. our continued success is contingent upon our ability to control an adequate supply of finished lots on which to build.
in limited specific strategic circumstances, we deviate from our historical lot acquisition strategy and engage in joint venture arrangements with land developers or directly acquire raw ground already zoned for its intended use for development. once we acquire control of raw ground, we determine whether to sell the raw parcel to a developer and enter into a lot purchase agreement with the developer to purchase the finished lots or to hire a developer to develop the land on our behalf. while joint venture arrangements and direct land development activity are not our preferred method of acquiring finished building lots, we may enter into additional transactions in the future on a limited basis where there exists a compelling strategic or prudent financial reason to do so. we expect, however, to continue to acquire substantially all of our finished lot inventory using lot purchase agreements with forfeitable deposits.
as of december 31, 2018, we controlled lots as described below.
lot purchase agreements we controlled approximately 95,750 lots under lot purchase agreements with third parties through deposits in cash and letters of credit totaling approximately $420,900 and $3,800, respectively. included in the number of controlled lots are approximately 4,250 lots for which we have recorded a contract land deposit impairment reserve of approximately $29,200 as of december 31, 2018.
joint venture limited liability corporations ("jvs")
we had an aggregate investment totaling approximately $29,400 in six jvs, expected to produce approximately 6,800 lots. of the lots to be produced by the jvs, approximately 3,450 lots were controlled by us and approximately 3,350 lots were either under contract with unrelated parties or currently not under contract.
land under development we directly owned three separate raw land parcels, zoned for their intended use, with a current cost basis, including development costs, of approximately $38,900 that we intend to develop into approximately 500 finished lots. we had additional funding commitments of approximately $7,300 under a joint development agreement related to one parcel, a portion of which we expect will be offset by development credits of approximately $4,600.
see notes 3, 4 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements included herein for additional information regarding lot purchase agreements, jvs and land under development, respectively.
raw land purchase agreements in addition to the lots we currently control as discussed above, we have certain properties under contract with land owners that are expected to yield approximately 7,500 lots. some of these properties may require rezoning or other approvals to achieve the expected yield. these properties are controlled with cash deposits and letters of credit totaling approximately $4,500 and $150, respectively, as of december 31, 2018, of which approximately $1,700 is refundable if we do not perform under the contract. we generally expect to assign the raw land contracts to a land developer and simultaneously enter into a lot purchase agreement with the assignee if the project is determined to be feasible.
current business environment and key financial results during 2018, general market conditions were favorably impacted by low unemployment and improved consumer confidence, leading to strong demand for new homes in the first half of 2018. however, during the second half of the year, demand for new homes softened due to affordability issues in part attributable to rising interest rates and some market uncertainty. we expect to experience pricing and sales pressure in future quarters due to higher interest rates and a competitive market environment, which includes rising new home inventory levels.
our consolidated revenues for the year ended december 31, 2018 totaled $7,163,674, an increase of 14% from $6,305,840 in 2017. our net income for 2018 was $797,197, or $194.80 per diluted share, increases of 48% and 54% compared to 2017 net income and diluted earnings per share, respectively. our homebuilding gross profit margin percentage decreased to 18.7% in 2018 from 19.2% in 2017. new orders, net of cancellations ("new orders") during 2018 were 18,281, an increase of 4% from 2017 while our average new order sales price decreased 2% to $376.3 in 2018. our backlog of homes sold but not yet settled with the customer as of december 31, 2018 decreased on a unit basis by 2% to 8,365 units and decreased on a dollar basis by 4% to $3,152,873 when compared to december 31, 2017.
we believe that the strength in demand for new homes is dependent upon sustained economic growth, driven by favorable unemployment levels and continued improvements in wage growth and household formation. we expect to continue to face gross profit margin pressure which will be impacted by modest pricing power and our ability to manage land and construction costs. we also expect to face pressure on mortgage banking profit due to the competitive pricing pressures in the mortgage market. we believe that we are well positioned to take advantage of opportunities that may arise from future economic and homebuilding market volatility due to the strength of our balance sheet.
homebuilding operations the following table summarizes the results of our consolidated homebuilding operations and certain operating activity for each of the last three years:
financial data:
gross profit margin percentage                              18.7    %                 19.2    %                 17.5    %
operating data:
new orders (units)                                        18,281                    17,608                    15,583
settlements (units)                                       18,447                    15,961                    14,928
backlog (units)                                            8,365                     8,531                     6,884
consolidated homebuilding
homebuilding revenues increased 13% in 2018 compared to 2017, as a result of a 16% increase in the number of units settled, offset by a 2% decrease in the average settlement price year over year.  the increase in the number of units settled was primarily attributable to a 24% higher backlog unit balance entering 2018 compared to the backlog unit balance entering 2017, offset partially by a lower backlog turnover rate year over year. the decrease in the average settlement price was attributable to a 2% lower average
price of units in backlog entering 2018 compared to the same period in 2017 and to a 2% decrease in the average sales price of new orders in the first six months of 2018 compared to the same period in 2017.
gross profit margin percentage in 2018 decreased to 18.7% from 19.2% in 2017, due primarily to higher lot and certain material costs.
the number of new orders increased 4% while the average sales price of new orders decreased 2% in 2018 when compared to 2017.  new orders increased primarily due to more favorable market conditions in the first half of 2018 compared to the same period in 2017, which led to higher community absorption rates year over year. new home demand began to soften in the second half of 2018 due to affordability issues in part attributable to rising mortgage interest rates, which led to lower sales in each of our reporting segments in the fourth quarter of 2018 compared to the fourth quarter of 2017 and an overall decrease in new orders of 11% quarter over quarter. the decrease in the average sales price of new orders was attributable to a relative shift in new orders to lower price product and lower price markets.
selling, general and administrative ("sg&a") expenses in 2018 increased by 9% compared to 2017, primarily due to an approximate $28,600 increase in equity-based compensation due to the equity grants in the second quarter of 2018, as further discussed in note 12 in the accompanying consolidated financial statements, and an increase in personnel costs. sg&a expenses as a percentage of revenue decreased to 6.1% in 2018 from 6.4% in 2017, primarily due to the 13% increase in revenues.
backlog units and dollars were 8,365 units and $3,152,873, respectively, as of december 31, 2018 compared to 8,531 units and $3,277,888, respectively, as of december 31, 2017.  the 2% decrease in backlog units and dollars was primarily attributable to a 4% decrease in new orders and a 2% decrease in the average new order sales price for the six-month period ended december 31, 2018 compared to the same period in 2017.
backlog may be impacted by customer cancellations for various reasons that are beyond our control, such as failure to obtain mortgage financing, inability to sell an existing home, job loss, or a variety of other reasons.  in any period, a portion of the cancellations that we experience are related to new orders that occurred during the same period, and a portion are related to new orders that occurred in prior periods and therefore appeared in the beginning backlog for the current period.  expressed as the total of all cancellations during the period as a percentage of gross new orders during the period, our cancellation rate was approximately 15% in 2018, approximately 14% in 2017, and approximately 15% in 2016. additionally, approximately 5% in 2018 and 6% in each 2017 and 2016, of a reporting quarter's opening backlog cancelled during the quarter. we can provide no assurance that our historical cancellation rates are indicative of the actual cancellation rate that may occur in future years. other than those units that are cancelled, we expect to settle substantially all of our december 31, 2018 backlog during 2019. see "risk factors" in item 1a of this form 10-k.
the backlog turnover rate is impacted by various factors, including, but not limited to, changes in new order activity, internal production capacity, external subcontractor capacity and other external factors over which we do not exercise control.
homebuilding revenues increased 8% in 2017 compared to 2016, primarily as a result of a 7% increase in the number of units settled year over year.  the increase in the number of units settled was primarily attributable to an 11% higher backlog unit balance entering 2017 compared to the backlog unit balance entering 2016, offset partially by a lower backlog turnover rate year over year.
gross profit margin percentage in 2017 increased to 19.2% from 17.5% in 2016, due primarily to modest improvement in pricing, moderating construction costs and the increase in the number of units settled, which allowed us to better leverage certain operating costs.
the number of new orders increased 13% while the average sales price of new orders decreased 1% in 2017 when compared to 2016.  new orders increased in each of our market segments due to more favorable market conditions in 2017 compared to 2016, which led to higher community absorption rates year over year.
backlog units and dollars were 8,531 units and $3,277,888, respectively, as of december 31, 2017 compared to 6,884 units and $2,704,277, respectively, as of december 31, 2016.  the 24% increase in backlog units was primarily attributable to a 19% increase in new orders for the six-month period ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016. backlog dollars were favorably impacted by the increase in backlog units.
reportable homebuilding segments homebuilding profit before tax includes all revenues and income generated from the sale of homes, less the cost of homes sold, sg&a expenses, and a corporate capital allocation charge determined by corporate management. the corporate capital allocation charge eliminates in consolidation and is based on the segment's average net assets employed. the corporate capital allocation charged to the operating segment allows the chief operating decision maker to determine whether the operating segment's results are providing the desired rate of return after covering our cost of capital.
we record charges on contract land deposits when we determine that it is probable that recovery of the deposit is impaired. for segment reporting purposes, impairments on contract land deposits are generally charged to the operating segment upon the termination of a lot purchase agreement with the developer or the restructuring of a lot purchase agreement resulting in the forfeiture of the deposit. for presentation purposes below, the contract land deposit reserve at december 31, 2018 and 2017 has been allocated to the reportable segments for the respective years to show contract land deposits on a net basis. the net contract land deposit balances below also include approximately $3,900 and $2,000 at december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively, of letters of credit issued as deposits in lieu of cash.
the following tables summarize certain homebuilding operating activity by reportable segment for each of the last three years:
selected segment financial data:
gross profit margin:
gross profit margin percentage:
segment profit:
segment operating activity:
units             averageprice             units             averageprice             units             averageprice new orders, net of cancellations:
units             averageprice             units             averageprice             units             averageprice settlements:
units             averageprice            units             averageprice            units             averageprice backlog:
operating data:
average active communities:
homebuilding inventory:
unsold lots and housing units inventory:
(1)   total segment inventory differs from consolidated inventory due to certain consolidation adjustments necessary to convert the reportable segments' results, which are predominantly maintained on a cash basis, to a full accrual basis for external financial statement presentation purposes. these consolidation adjustments are not allocated to our operating segments.
lots controlled and land deposits:
total lots controlled:
contract land deposits, net:
contract land deposit impairments, net:
the mid atlantic segment had an approximate $63,700, or 16%, increase in segment profit in 2018 compared to 2017, driven primarily by an increase in segment revenues of approximately $349,700, or 10%, year over year. segment revenues increased due to a 13% increase in the number of units settled, offset by a 2% decrease in the average settlement price year over year. the increase in the number of units settled is attributable primarily to a 19% higher backlog unit balance entering 2018 compared to the backlog unit balance entering 2017, partially offset by a lower backlog turnover rate year over year.  the decrease in the average settlement price was attributable to a 2% lower average price of units in backlog entering 2018 compared to the same period in 2017 and to a 3% decrease in the average sales price of new orders in the first six months of 2018 compared to the same period in 2017. the mid atlantic segment's gross profit margin percentage remained flat year over year at 18.7%.
segment new orders increased 3% while the average sales price of new orders decreased 2% in 2018 compared to 2017. the increase in new orders was due primarily to higher sales in the first half of 2018 compared to the same period in 2017, due to more favorable market conditions during that period, which led to higher community absorption rates year over year. the decrease in the average sales price of new orders is attributable to a shift in new orders to lower price products and lower price markets.
the mid atlantic segment had an approximate $97,300, or 32%, increase in segment profit in 2017 compared to 2016.  the increase in segment profit was driven by an increase of segment revenues of approximately $223,900, or 7%, and improved gross profit margins year over year.  segment revenues increased due primarily to a 6% increase in the number of units settled year over year.  the increase in the number of units settled was favorably impacted by a 13% higher backlog unit balance entering 2017 compared to the backlog unit balance entering 2016, partially offset by a lower backlog turnover rate.  the mid atlantic segment's gross profit margin percentage increased to 18.7% in 2017 from 16.9% in 2016, due primarily to modest improvement in pricing and moderating construction costs.
segment new orders increased 9% while the average sales price of new orders decreased 1% in 2017 compared to 2016. the increase in new orders was due to more favorable market conditions in 2017, which led to higher community absorption rates year over year. the decrease in the average sales price of new orders is attributable to a shift in new orders to lower priced products.
the north east segment had an approximate $9,600, or 16%, increase in segment profit in 2018 compared to 2017, driven primarily by an increase in segment revenues of approximately $63,600, or 12%, year over year. segment revenues increased due to a 10% increase in the number of units settled and a 2% increase in the average settlement price year over year. the increase in the number of units settled was primarily attributable to a 12% higher backlog unit balance entering 2018 compared to the backlog entering 2017, coupled with a higher backlog turnover rate year over year. the increase in the average settlement price was primarily attributable to a 4% higher average sales price of units in backlog entering 2018 compared to the backlog entering 2017. the north east segment's gross profit margin percentage decreased to 19.8% in 2018 from 20.2% in 2017, due primarily to higher lot, construction and certain material costs.
segment new orders and the average sales price of new orders decreased 5% and 2%, respectively, in 2018 compared to 2017. new orders decreased primarily due to a 13% decrease in the average number of active communities year over year. the average sales price of new orders was negatively impacted primarily by a shift in new orders to lower priced communities within certain markets.
the north east segment had an approximate $38,300, or 174%, increase in segment profit in 2017 compared to 2016 due to an increase in segment revenues of approximately $54,800, or 12%, and improved gross profit margins year over year. the increase in segment revenues was due to a 3% increase in the number of units settled and an 8% increase in the average settlement price year over year. the increase in the number of units settled was primarily attributable to a 13% higher backlog unit balance entering 2017 compared to the backlog unit balance entering 2016, partially offset by a lower backlog turnover rate year over year. the increase in the average settlement price was attributable to a 9% higher average sales price of units in backlog entering 2017 compared to the same period in 2016, driven by a shift to higher priced markets in the segment and a shift to higher priced communities within certain markets. the north east segment's gross profit margin percentage increased to 20.2% in 2017 from 14.9% in 2016. gross profit margin and segment profit were favorably impacted by improvement in pricing, moderating construction costs and the increase in the number of units settled, which allowed us to better leverage certain operating costs.
segment new orders and the average sales price of new orders increased 4% and 6%, respectively, in 2017 compared to 2016. new orders were favorably impacted by more favorable market conditions in 2017, which led to higher community absorption rates
year over year. the increase in the average new order sales price year over year, was attributable to a shift in new orders to higher priced markets within the segment and a shift to higher priced communities within certain markets.
the mid east segment had an approximate $25,500, or 17%, increase in segment profit in 2018 compared to 2017, driven primarily by an increase in segment revenues of approximately $205,700, or 16%, year over year.  segment revenues increased due to a 17% increase in the number of units settled year over year, due primarily to a 27% higher backlog unit balance entering 2018 compared to the backlog unit balance entering 2017. the segment's gross profit margin percentage decreased to 19.2% in 2018 from 19.6% in 2017, primarily due to an increase in lot costs year over year.
segment new orders increased 3%, while the average sales price of new orders decreased 1%, in 2018 compared to 2017.  new orders increased as more favorable market conditions in 2018 led to higher community absorption rates within the segment.
the mid east segment had an approximate $28,500, or 23%, increase in segment profit in 2017 compared to 2016.  the increase in segment profit was driven by an increase of approximately $57,700, or 5%, in revenues and improved gross profit margins year over year.  the increase in revenues was due to a 3% increase in the number of units settled and a 2% increase in the average settlement price. the increases in the number of units settled and average settlement price were primarily attributable to an 11% increase in segment new orders and a 2% increase in the average sales price of new orders for the first six months of 2017 compared to the same period in 2016. the segment's gross profit margin percentage increased to 19.6% in 2017 from 18.1% in 2016, primarily due to modest improvement in pricing and moderating construction costs year over year.
segment new orders and the average sales price of new orders increased 14% and 1%, respectively, in 2017 compared to 2016.  new orders increased despite a 5% decrease in the average number of active communities year over year as more favorable market conditions in 2017 led to higher community absorption rates within the segment.
the south east segment had an approximate $22,500, or 23%, increase in segment profit in 2018 compared to 2017, driven primarily by an increase in segment revenues of approximately $209,900, or 24%, year over year.  segment revenues increased due to a 24% increase in the number of units settled. the increase in settlements was primarily attributable to a 40% higher backlog unit balance entering 2018 compared to the backlog unit balance entering 2017. the south east segment's gross profit margin percentage decreased to 19.7% in 2018 from 20.1% in 2017 primarily due to higher lot costs, offset partially by the increase in the number of units settled, which allowed us to better leverage certain operating costs year over year.
segment new orders and the average sales price of new orders increased 10% and 1%, respectively, in 2018 compared to 2017.  new orders increased primarily due to more favorable market conditions in the first half of 2018 compared to the same period in 2017, which led to higher community absorption rates year over year. additionally, new orders were favorably impacted by a 5% increase in the average number of active communities in 2018 compared to 2017.
the south east segment had an approximate $24,700, or 35%, increase in segment profit in 2017 compared to 2016.  the increase in segment profit was primarily driven by an increase of approximately $129,900, or 18%, in revenues and improved gross profit margins.  the increase in revenues was primarily attributable to a 17% increase in the number of units settled. the increase in settlements was attributable to a 17% higher backlog unit balance entering 2017 compared to the backlog unit balance entering 2016. the south east segment's gross profit margin percentage increased to 20.1% in 2017 from 18.8% in 2016 primarily due to modest improvement in pricing, partially offset by higher construction costs year over year.
segment new orders increased 27%, while the average sales price of new orders decreased 1% in 2017 compared to 2016.  new orders were favorably impacted by a 10% increase in the average number of active communities in 2017 compared to 2016 and more favorable market conditions in 2017, which led to higher community absorption rates. the average sales price of new orders was negatively impacted by a shift in sales to lower priced markets within the south east segment.
homebuilding segment reconciliations to consolidated homebuilding operations in addition to the corporate capital allocation and contract land deposit impairments discussed above, the other reconciling items between homebuilding segment profit and homebuilding consolidated profit before tax include unallocated corporate overhead (which includes all management incentive compensation), equity-based compensation expense, consolidation adjustments and external corporate interest expense. our overhead functions, such as accounting, treasury and human resources, are centrally performed and the costs are not allocated to our operating segments. consolidation adjustments consist of such items to convert the reportable segments' results, which are predominantly maintained on a cash basis, to a full accrual basis for external financial statement presentation purposes, and are not allocated to our operating segments. external corporate interest expense is primarily comprised of interest charges on our 3.95% senior notes due 2022 (the "senior notes"), and is not charged to the operating segments because the charges are included in the corporate capital allocation discussed above.
homebuilding consolidated gross profit:
homebuilding consolidated gross profit           $1,312,177                $1,185,143                $1,001,362
homebuilding consolidated profit before taxes:
reconciling items:
contract land deposit impairment reserve (1)                 783                   1,307                  10,933
equity-based compensation expense (2)                    (70,865    )            (41,144    )            (40,482    )
corporate capital allocation (3)                         213,903                 198,384                 189,992
reconciling items sub-total                               45,709                  72,193                  85,718
homebuilding consolidated profit before taxes           $871,106                $776,370                $601,102
(1)   this item represents changes to the contract land deposit impairment reserve, which are not allocated to the reportable segments.
(2)   the increase in equity-based compensation expense for the year ended december 31, 2018 was primarily attributable to equity grants in the second quarter of 2018. see note 12 in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional discussion of equity-based compensation.
(3)   this item represents the elimination of the corporate capital allocation charge included in the respective homebuilding reportable segments. the corporate capital allocation charge is based on the segment's monthly average asset balance and is as follows for the years presented:
corporate capital allocation charge:
total corporate capital allocation charge          $213,903                $198,384                $189,992
mortgage banking segment we conduct our mortgage banking activity through nvrm, a wholly owned subsidiary. nvrm focuses almost exclusively on serving the homebuilding segment customer base. the following table summarizes the results of our mortgage banking operations and certain statistical data for each of the last three years:
operating profit:
segment profit                                $93,462                   $73,959                   $63,711
equity-based compensation expense              (4,836    )               (3,418    )               (3,116    )
title services                                 36,001                    30,626                    27,233
loan closing volume in 2018 increased by approximately $599,900, or 14%, from 2017.  the increase was primarily attributable to a 15% increase in the number of loans closed year over year due primarily to the aforementioned increase in the homebuilding segment's number of settlements in 2018 as compared to 2017.
segment profit in 2018 increased by approximately $19,500, or 26%, from 2017.  the increase in segment profit was primarily attributable to an increase in mortgage banking fees, partially offset by an increase in general and administrative expenses.  mortgage banking fees increased by approximately $29,100, or 22%, resulting from the aforementioned increase in loan closing volume and an increase in secondary marketing gains on sales of loans. general and administrative expenses increased by approximately $13,900, due primarily to an increase in compensation costs as a result of an increase in average headcount compared to 2017.
loan closing volume in 2017 increased by approximately $276,900, or 7%, from 2016.  the increase was primarily attributable to a 6% increase in the number of loans closed year over year due primarily to an increase in the homebuilding segment's number of settlements in 2017 as compared to 2016.
segment profit in 2017 increased by approximately $10,200, or 16%, from 2016.  the increase in segment profit was primarily attributable to an increase in mortgage banking fees, partially offset by an increase in general and administrative expenses.  mortgage banking fees increased by approximately $17,000, or 15%, resulting from an increase in loan closing volume and an increase in secondary marketing gains on sales of loans. general and administrative expenses increased by approximately $7,400, due primarily to an increase in compensation costs as a result of an increase in average headcount compared to 2016.
mortgage banking - other we sell all of the loans we originate into the secondary mortgage market.  insofar as we underwrite our originated loans to the standards and specifications of the ultimate investor, we have no further financial obligations from the issuance of loans, except in certain limited instances where early payment default occurs.  those underwriting standards are typically equal to or more stringent than the underwriting standards required by fnma, fhlmc, va and fha.  because we sell all of our loans and do not service them, there is often a substantial delay between the time that a loan goes into default and the time that the investor requests us to reimburse them for losses incurred because of the default.  we believe that all of the loans that we originate are underwritten to the standards and
specifications of the ultimate investor to whom we sell our originated loans.  we employ a quality control department to ensure that our underwriting controls are effective, and further assess the underwriting function as part of our assessment of internal controls over financial reporting.
we maintain a reserve for losses on mortgage loans originated that reflects our judgment of the present loss exposure from the loans that we have originated and sold. the reserve is calculated based on an analysis of historical experience and exposure. at december 31, 2018, we had a repurchase reserve of approximately $15,600. although we consider the repurchase reserve reflected on the december 31, 2018 consolidated balance sheet to be adequate, there can be no assurance that this reserve will prove to be adequate to cover losses on loans previously originated.
nvrm is dependent on our homebuilding operation's customers for business.  if new orders and selling prices of the homebuilding segment decline, nvrm's operations will also be adversely affected.  in addition, nvrm's operating results may be adversely affected in future periods due to tightening and volatility of the credit markets, changes in investor funding times, increased regulation of mortgage lending practices and increased competition in the mortgage market.
seasonality we generally have higher new order activity in the first half of the year and higher home settlements, revenues and net income in the second half of the year.
effective tax rate our consolidated effective tax rate in 2018, 2017 and 2016 was 16.94%, 36.53% and 35.73%, respectively. the lower effective tax rate in 2018 resulted primarily from the enactment of the tax cuts and jobs act (the "act") in december 2017, which had the following impacts on comparability between periods:
•   remeasurement of our net deferred tax assets in the fourth quarter of 2017, which resulted in a charge to income tax expense of $62,702 in 2017.
additionally, our effective tax rates in 2018 and 2017 were favorably impacted by the recognition of an income tax benefit related to excess tax benefits from stock option exercises of $77,478 and $58,681, respectively. excess tax benefits in 2016 were recorded to additional paid-in-capital within shareholders' equity on the consolidated balance sheet. we expect continued rate volatility in future years attributable to the recognition of excess tax benefits from equity plan activity and distributions from the deferred compensation plans.
the act eliminated the "performance-based compensation" exception from section 162(m). the act included a grandfathering provision for compensation pursuant to a written binding contract which was in effect on november 2, 2017, and which was not modified in any material respect after such date. we believe that our outstanding equity grants and amounts in the deferred compensation plans as of december 31, 2017 are in compliance with the grandfathering provision of the act, and thus, will remain deductible to the extent they are considered "performance-based compensation."
recent accounting pronouncements pending adoption see note 1 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for discussion of recently issued accounting pronouncements applicable to us.
liquidity and capital resources lines of credit and notes payable senior notes our homebuilding segment funds its operations from cash flows provided by operating activities, a short-term unsecured working capital revolving credit facility and capital raised in the public debt and equity markets. on september 10, 2012, we completed an offering for $600,000 aggregate principal amount of 3.95% senior notes due 2022 under a shelf registration statement filed on september 5, 2012 with the sec. the senior notes were issued at a discount to yield 3.97% and have been reflected net of the unamortized discount in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. the senior notes mature on september 15, 2022 and bear interest at 3.95%, payable semi-annually in arrears on march 15 and september 15.
the senior notes are senior unsecured obligations and rank equally in right of payment with any of our existing and future unsecured senior indebtedness, will rank senior in right of payment to any of our future indebtedness that is by its terms expressly
subordinated to the senior notes and will be effectively subordinated to any of our existing and future secured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the collateral securing such indebtedness. the indenture governing the senior notes does not contain any financial covenants; however, it does contain, among other items, and subject to certain exceptions, covenants that restrict our ability to create, incur, assume or guarantee secured debt, enter into sale and leaseback transactions and conditions related to mergers and/or the sale of assets.
credit agreement on july 15, 2016, we entered into an unsecured credit agreement (the "credit agreement") with bank of america, n.a., as administrative agent, swing line lender and l/c issuer, merrill lynch, pierce, fenner & smith incorporated as sole lead arranger and sole book runner, and the other lenders party thereto, which provides for aggregate revolving loan commitments of $200,000 (the "facility"). proceeds of the borrowings under the facility will be used for working capital and general corporate purposes. under the credit agreement, we may request increases of up to $300,000 to the facility in the form of revolving loan commitments or term loans to the extent that new or existing lenders agree to provide additional revolving loan or term loan commitments.
the credit agreement provides for a $100,000 sublimit for the issuance of letters of credit of which there was approximately $9,000 outstanding at december 31, 2018, and a $25,000 sublimit for a swing line commitment. borrowings under the credit agreement generally bear interest for base rate loans at a base rate equal to the highest of (i) a federal funds rate plus one-half of one percent, (ii) bank of america's publicly announced "prime rate," and (iii) the eurodollar rate plus one percent, plus the applicable rate which is based on our debt rating, or for eurodollar rate loans, at the eurodollar rate equal to libor plus the applicable rate.
the credit agreement contains various representations and affirmative and negative covenants that are generally customary for credit facilities of this type.  such covenants include, among others, the following financial maintenance covenants: (i) minimum consolidated tangible net worth, (ii) minimum interest coverage ratio or minimum liquidity and (iii) a maximum leverage ratio. the negative covenants include, among others, certain limitations on liens, investments and fundamental changes.  the credit agreement termination date is july 15, 2021. we were in compliance with all covenants under the credit agreement at december 31, 2018.  there were no borrowings outstanding under the credit agreement as of december 31, 2018.
repurchase agreement our mortgage banking subsidiary, nvrm, provides for its mortgage origination and other operating activities using cash generated from operations, borrowings from its parent company, nvr, as well as a revolving mortgage repurchase facility, which is non-recourse to nvr. on july 25, 2018, nvrm entered into the tenth amendment (the "amendment") to its amended and restated master repurchase agreement dated august 2, 2011 with u.s. bank national association (as amended by the amendment and nine earlier amendments, the "repurchase agreement"). the repurchase agreement provides borrowing capacity up to $150,000, subject to certain sublimits. the purpose of the repurchase agreement is to finance the origination of mortgage loans by nvrm. the repurchase agreement expires on july 24, 2019. advances under the repurchase agreement carry a pricing rate based on the libor rate plus the libor margin, as determined under the repurchase agreement, provided that the pricing rate shall not be less than 1.95%. there are several restrictions on purchased loans, including that they cannot be sold to others, they cannot be pledged to anyone other than the agent, and they cannot support any other borrowing or repurchase agreement.
the repurchase agreement contains various affirmative and negative covenants. the negative covenants include among others, certain limitations on transactions involving acquisitions, mergers, the incurrence of debt, sale of assets and creation of liens upon any of its mortgage notes. additional covenants include (i) a tangible net worth requirement, (ii) a minimum liquidity requirement, (iii) a minimum net income requirement, and (iv) a maximum leverage ratio requirement. we were in compliance with all covenants under the repurchase agreement at december 31, 2018. at december 31, 2018, there was no debt outstanding under the repurchase agreement and there were no borrowing base limitations.
equity repurchases in addition to funding growth in our homebuilding and mortgage banking operations, we historically have used a substantial portion of our excess liquidity to repurchase outstanding shares of our common stock in open market and privately negotiated transactions. this ongoing repurchase activity is conducted pursuant to publicly announced board authorizations, and is typically executed in accordance with the safe-harbor provisions of rule 10b-18 promulgated under the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended. in addition, the board resolutions authorizing us to repurchase shares of our common stock specifically prohibit us from purchasing shares from our officers, directors, profit sharing plan trust or employee stock ownership plan trust. the repurchase program assists us in accomplishing our primary objective, creating increases in shareholder value. see "market for registrant's common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities" in item 5 of this form 10-k for disclosure of amounts repurchased during the fourth quarter of 2018. for the year ended december 31, 2018, we repurchased 300,815 shares of our common stock at an aggregate purchase price of $846,134. as of december 31, 2018, we had $415,558 available under board approved repurchase authorizations.
cash flows as a result of our adoption of asu 2016-15 and asu 2016-18 in 2018, we have retrospectively adjusted the presentation of our prior year statements of cash flows to conform with current year presentation. asu 2016-15 resulted in the reclassification of a portion of the distributions received from our unconsolidated joint ventures between operating and investing activities. asu 2016-18 requires that the statement of cash flows explain the change during the period in the total of cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash or restricted cash equivalents. as a result, our beginning-of-period and end-of-period cash balances presented in the consolidated statements of cash flows were retrospectively adjusted to include restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents. see note 1 for further discussion of the impact of the adoption of asu 2016-15 and asu 2016-18.
for the year ended december 31, 2018, cash and cash equivalents increased by $42,691. net cash provided by operating activities was $723,126, due primarily to cash provided by earnings in 2018 and net proceeds of $17,384 from mortgage loan activity. cash was primarily used to fund the increase in contract land deposits of $30,863 and the decrease in accounts payable and accrued expenses of $30,713. net cash used in investing activities in 2018 of $8,177 was attributable primarily to cash used for purchases of property, plant and equipment of $19,665, offset partially by the receipt of capital distributions from our unconsolidated jvs totaling $10,515. net cash used in financing activities of $672,258, was primarily impacted by our repurchase of 300,815 shares of our common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $846,134 under our ongoing common stock repurchase program as discussed above, offset partially by $174,110 in proceeds from stock option exercises.
for the year ended december 31, 2017, cash and cash equivalents increased by $273,520. net cash provided by operating activities was $570,354, due primarily to cash provided by earnings in 2017 and net proceeds of $104,848 from mortgage loan activity. cash was primarily used to fund the increase in homebuilding inventory of $154,099, which is attributable to an increase in the number of homes under construction at december 31, 2017 compared to december 31, 2016. net cash used in investing activities in 2017 of $15,193 was attributable to cash used for purchases of property, plant and equipment of $20,269 and investments in unconsolidated jvs of $3,800, offset partially by the receipt of capital distributions from our unconsolidated jvs totaling $8,029. net cash used in financing activities of $281,641, was primarily impacted by our repurchase of 166,520 shares of our common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $422,166 under our ongoing common stock repurchase program as discussed above, offset partially by $140,525 in proceeds from stock option exercises.
for the year ended december 31, 2016, cash and cash equivalents decreased by $34,757. net cash provided by operating activities was $392,988. cash provided by earnings in 2016 was used to fund the increase in homebuilding inventory of $85,194, as a result of an increase in units under construction at december 31, 2016 compared to december 31, 2015, and the increase of $32,280 in contract land deposits. cash was favorably impacted by an increase of $58,532 in accounts payable and accrued expenses associated with the increase in homebuilding inventory and net proceeds of $49,981 from mortgage loan activity. net cash used in investing activities in 2016 of $10,350 primarily included cash used for purchases of property, plant and equipment of $22,369, offset partially by the receipt of capital distributions from our unconsolidated jvs totaling $11,672. net cash used in financing activities of $417,395, was primarily impacted by our repurchase of 280,288 shares of our common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $455,351 under our ongoing common stock repurchase program as discussed above, offset partially by $38,106 in proceeds from stock option exercises.
at december 31, 2018 and 2017, the homebuilding segment had restricted cash of $16,982 and $19,438, respectively. restricted cash in each year was attributable to customer deposits for certain home sales.
we believe that our current cash holdings, cash generated from operations, and cash available under our short-term unsecured credit agreement, revolving mortgage repurchase facility and the public debt and equity markets will be sufficient to satisfy near and long term cash requirements for working capital and debt service in both our homebuilding and mortgage banking operations.
off-balance sheet arrangements lot acquisition strategy we generally do not engage in land development. instead, we typically acquire finished building lots at market prices from various land developers under lot purchase agreements that require deposits that may be forfeited if we fail to perform under the agreement. the deposits required under the lot purchase agreements are in the form of cash or letters of credit in varying amounts and represent a percentage, typically ranging up to 10%, of the aggregate purchase price of the finished lots.
we believe that our lot acquisition strategy reduces the financial requirements and risks associated with direct land ownership and land development. we may, at our option, choose for any reason and at any time not to perform under these lot purchase agreements by delivering notice of our intent not to acquire the finished lots under contract. our sole legal obligation and economic loss for failure to perform under these purchase agreements is limited to the amount of the deposit pursuant to the liquidated damage provision contained in the lot purchase agreements. we do not have any financial guarantees or completion obligations and we typically do not guarantee lot purchases on a specific performance basis under these lot purchase agreements.
at december 31, 2018, we controlled approximately 99,700 lots through lot purchase agreements, jvs and land under development, with an aggregate purchase price of approximately $9,400,000. these lots are controlled by making or committing to make deposits of approximately $618,300 in the form of cash and letters of credit. our entire risk of loss pertaining to the aggregate purchase price contractual commitment resulting from our non-performance under the contracts is limited to $420,900 in deposits paid and $3,800 in letters of credit issued as of december 31, 2018, plus approximately $193,600 related to deposits to be paid subsequent to december 31, 2018 assuming that contractual development milestones are met by the developers and we exercise our option, and approximately $1,500 in specific performance obligations (see contractual obligations section below). as of december 31, 2018, we had recorded an impairment valuation allowance of approximately $29,200 related to certain cash deposits currently outstanding. additionally, as of december 31, 2018, we had funding commitments totaling $5,000 to three of our jvs and approximately $7,300 under a joint development agreement related to our land under development, a portion of which we expect will be offset by development credits of approximately $4,600.
in addition, we have certain properties under contract with land owners that are expected to yield approximately 7,500 lots, which are not included in our number of total lots controlled above.  some of these properties may require rezoning or other approvals to achieve the expected yield.  these properties are controlled with cash deposits and letters of credit of approximately $4,500 and $150, respectively as of december 31, 2018, of which approximately $1,700 is refundable if we do not perform under the contract and the remainder is at risk of loss. we generally expect to assign the raw land contracts to a land developer and simultaneously enter into a lot purchase agreement with the assignee if the project is determined to be feasible. please refer to note 1 in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a further discussion of the contract land deposits and note 3 in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a description of our lot acquisition strategy in relation to our accounting for variable interest entities.
bonds and letters of credit we enter into bond or letter of credit arrangements with local municipalities, government agencies, or land developers to collateralize our obligations under various contracts. we had approximately $37,600 of contingent obligations under such agreements as of december 31, 2018, inclusive of the $3,800 of lot acquisition deposits in the form of letters of credit discussed above. we believe we will fulfill our obligations under the related contracts and do not anticipate any material losses under these bonds or letters of credit.
mortgage commitments and forward sales in the normal course of business, nvrm enters into contractual commitments to extend credit to buyers of single-family homes with fixed expiration dates. the commitments become effective when the borrowers "lock-in" a specified interest rate within time frames established by us. all mortgagors are evaluated for credit worthiness prior to the extension of the commitment. market risk arises if interest rates move adversely between the time of the "lock-in" of rates by the borrower and the sale date of the loan to a broker/dealer. to mitigate the effect of the interest rate risk inherent in providing rate lock commitments to borrowers, we enter into optional or mandatory delivery forward sale contracts to sell whole loans and mortgage-backed securities to broker/dealers. the forward sale contracts lock in an interest rate and price for the sale of loans similar to the specific rate lock commitments. we do not engage in speculative or trading derivative activities. both the rate lock commitments to borrowers and the forward sale contracts to broker/dealers are undesignated derivatives, and, accordingly, are marked to fair value through earnings. at december 31, 2018, we had contractual commitments to extend credit to borrowers aggregating $682,152 and open forward delivery contracts aggregating $1,089,923, which hedge both the rate lock commitments and closed loans held for sale (see note 14 in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a description of our fair value accounting).
uncertain tax positions (4)          34,300           *                   *                                         *       *
(1)   see note 9 in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the senior notes.
(2)   see note 13 in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding operating leases.
(3)   amount represents expected payments of forfeitable deposits with land developers under existing lot purchase agreements assuming that contractual development milestones are met by the developers and we exercise our option, specific performance guarantees and estimated contractual obligations for land development agreements. we expect to make the majority of payments of the deposits with land developers within the next three years, but due to the nature of the contractual
development milestones that must be met we are unable to accurately estimate the portion of the deposit obligation that will be made within one year and that portion that will be made within one to three years.
(4)   due to the nature of the uncertain tax positions, we are unable to make a reasonable estimate as to the period of settlement with the respective taxing authorities.
critical accounting policies general the preparation of financial statements in conformity with gaap requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. we continually evaluate the estimates we use to prepare the consolidated financial statements and update those estimates as necessary. in general, our estimates are based on historical experience, on information from third party professionals, and other various assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the facts and circumstances. actual results could differ materially from those estimates made by management.
homebuilding inventory the carrying value of inventory is stated at the lower of cost or market value. cost of lots and completed and uncompleted housing units represent the accumulated actual cost of the units. field construction supervisors' salaries and related direct overhead expenses are included in inventory costs. interest costs are not capitalized into inventory, with the exception of land under development and joint venture investments, as applicable (see below). upon settlement, the cost of the unit is expensed on a specific identification basis. cost of building materials is determined on a first-in, first-out basis.
sold inventory is evaluated for impairment based on the contractual selling price compared to the total estimated cost to construct. unsold inventory is evaluated for impairment by analyzing recent comparable sale prices within the applicable community compared to the costs incurred to date plus the expected costs to complete. any calculated impairments are recorded immediately in cost of sales.
contract land deposits and land under development contract land deposits we purchase finished lots under lot purchase agreements that require deposits that may be forfeited if we fail to perform under the contract. the deposits are in the form of cash or letters of credit in varying amounts and represent a percentage of the aggregate purchase price of the finished lots.
we maintain an allowance for losses on contract land deposits that reflects our judgment of the present loss exposure in the existing contract land deposit portfolio at the end of the reporting period. to analyze contract land deposit impairments, we conduct a loss contingency analysis each quarter. in addition to considering market and economic conditions, we assess contract land deposit impairments on a community-by-community basis pursuant to the purchase contract terms, analyzing, as applicable, current sales absorption levels, recent sales' direct profit, the dollar differential between the contractual purchase price and the current market price for lots, a developer's financial stability, a developer's financial ability or willingness to reduce lot prices to current market prices, if necessary, and the contract's default status by either us or the developer along with an analysis of the expected outcome of any such default.
our analysis is focused on whether we can sell houses at an acceptable margin and sales pace in a particular community in the current market with which we are faced. because we do not own the finished lots on which we had placed a contract land deposit, if the above analysis leads to a determination that we cannot sell homes at an acceptable margin and sales pace at the current contractual lot price, we then determine whether we will elect to default under the contract, forfeit our deposit and terminate the contract, or whether we will attempt to restructure the lot purchase contract, which may require us to forfeit the deposit to obtain contract concessions from a developer. we also assess whether an impairment is present due to collectability issues resulting from a developer's non-performance because of financial or other conditions.
although we consider the allowance for losses on contract land deposits reflected on the december 31, 2018 consolidated balance sheet to be adequate (see note 1 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements included herein), there can be no assurance that this allowance will prove to be adequate over time to cover losses due to unanticipated adverse changes in the economy or other events adversely affecting specific markets or the homebuilding industry.
land under development on a limited basis, we directly acquire raw parcels of land already zoned for its intended use to develop into finished lots. land under development includes the land acquisition costs, direct improvement costs, capitalized interest, where applicable, and real estate taxes.
land under development, including the land under development held by our unconsolidated jvs and the related joint venture investments, is reviewed for potential write-downs when impairment indicators are present. in addition to considering market and economic conditions, we assess land under development impairments on a community-by-community basis, analyzing, as applicable, current sales absorption levels, recent sales' direct profit, and the dollar differential between the projected fully-developed cost of the lots and the current market price for lots. if indicators of impairment are present for a community, we perform an analysis to determine if the undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated by those assets are less than their carrying amounts, and if so, impairment charges are required to be recorded in an amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of such assets. our determination of fair value is primarily based on discounting the estimated future cash flows at a rate commensurate with the inherent risks associated with the assets and related estimated cash flow streams.
at december 31, 2018, we had approximately $38,900 in land under development in three separate communities. in addition, at december 31, 2018, we had an aggregate investment totaling approximately $29,400 in six separate jvs that controlled land under development. during 2018, the company recognized an impairment of approximately $7,400, including approximately $760 of capitalized interest, related to one of our jvs. none of the communities classified as land under development nor any of the undeveloped land held by the jvs had any indicators of impairment at december 31, 2018. as such, we do not believe that any of the land under development is impaired at this time. however, there can be no assurance that we will not incur impairment charges in the future due to unanticipated adverse changes in the economy or other events adversely affecting specific markets or the homebuilding industry.
warranty/product liability accruals we establish warranty and product liability reserves to provide for estimated future expenses as a result of construction and product defects, product recalls and litigation incidental to our homebuilding business. liability estimates are determined based on our judgment considering such factors as historical experience, the likely current cost of corrective action, manufacturers' and subcontractors' participation in sharing the cost of corrective action, consultations with third party experts such as engineers, and discussions with our general counsel and outside counsel retained to handle specific product liability cases. although we consider the warranty and product liability accrual reflected on the december 31, 2018 consolidated balance sheet to be adequate (see note 13 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements included herein), there can be no assurance that this accrual will prove to be adequate over time to cover losses due to increased costs for material and labor, the inability or refusal of manufacturers or subcontractors to financially participate in corrective action, unanticipated adverse legal settlements, or other unanticipated changes to the assumptions used to estimate the warranty and product liability accrual.
equity-based compensation expense we recognize equity-based compensation expense within our income statement for all share-based payment arrangements, which includes non-qualified stock options to purchase shares of nvr common stock ("options") and restricted share units ("rsus"). compensation expense is based on the grant-date fair value of the options and rsus granted, and is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for the entire award (from the date of grant through the period of the last separately vesting portion of the grant). options and rsus which are subject to a performance condition are treated as a separate award from the "service-only" options and rsus, and compensation expense is recognized when it becomes probable that the stated performance target will be achieved. we calculate the fair value of our options, which are non-publicly traded, using the black-scholes option-pricing model. the grant date fair value of the rsus is the closing price of our common stock on the day immediately preceding the date of grant. the reversal of compensation expense previously recognized for grants forfeited is recorded in the period in which the forfeiture occurs.
as noted above, we calculate the fair value of our options, which are non-publicly traded, using the black-scholes option-pricing model. while the black-scholes model is a widely accepted method to calculate the fair value of options, its results are dependent on input variables, two of which, expected term and expected volatility, are significantly dependent on management's judgment. we have concluded that our historical exercise experience is the best estimate of future exercise patterns to determine an option's expected term. to estimate expected volatility, we analyze the historical volatility of our common stock over a period equal to the option's expected term. changes in management's judgment of the expected term and the expected volatility could have a material effect on the grant-date fair value calculated and expensed within the income statement.
in addition, when recognizing equity-based compensation cost related to "performance condition" option and rsu grants, we are required to make a determination as to whether the performance conditions will be met prior to the completion of the actual performance period.  the performance metric is based on our return on capital performance during a specified three year period based on the date of option grant. while we currently believe that this performance condition will be satisfied at the target level and are recognizing compensation expense related to such options and rsus accordingly, our future expected activity levels could cause us to make a different determination, resulting in a change to the compensation expense to be recognized related to performance condition option and rsu grants that would otherwise have been recognized to date.
although we believe that the compensation costs recognized in 2018 are representative of the cumulative ratable amortization of the grant-date fair value of unvested options and rsus outstanding, changes to the estimated input values such as expected term
and expected volatility and changes to the determination of whether performance condition grants will vest, could produce widely different expense valuations and recognition.
mortgage repurchase reserve we originate several different loan products to our customers to finance the purchase of their home. we sell all of the loans we originate into the secondary mortgage market, on a servicing released basis, typically within 30 days from closing. all of the loans that we originate are underwritten to the standards and specifications of the ultimate investor. those underwriting standards are typically equal to or more stringent than the underwriting standards required by fnma, fhlmc, va and fha. insofar as we underwrite our originated loans to those standards, we bear no increased concentration of credit risk from the issuance of loans, except in certain limited instances where early payment default occurs. we employ a quality control department to ensure that our underwriting controls are effectively operating, and further assess the underwriting function as part of our assessment of internal controls over financial reporting. we maintain a reserve for losses on mortgage loans originated that reflects our judgment of the present loss exposure in the loans that we have originated and sold. the reserve is calculated based on an analysis of historical experience and exposure. although we consider the mortgage repurchase reserve reflected on the december 31, 2018 consolidated balance sheet to be adequate (see note 15 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements included herein), there can be no assurance that this reserve will prove to be adequate over time to cover losses due to unanticipated changes to the assumptions used to estimate the mortgage repurchase reserve.
impact of inflation, changing prices and economic conditions see "risk factors" included in item 1a of this form 10-k for a description of the impact of inflation, changing prices and economic conditions on our business and our financial results. see also the discussion of the current business environment in the overview section above.