risk factors. the companies reviewed the overall compensation pay structure, the overall mix of compensation vehicles, the structure of the incentive plans, other company pay plans, and governance for oversight of program design and administration. with respect to incentive plan structure, the companies specifically examined target and maximum compensation payable from each plan, the nature and mix of performance measures, the governance structure, the risk of earnings manipulation posed by the incentive structure, and the extent to which the neo pay program rewards short-term decisions at the risk of long-term performance. the companies also generally considered other compensation policies (such as clawback and anti-hedging policies), other compensation plans relating to severance and change-in-control benefits, and compensation governance.
to further ensure appropriate incentive metrics, the compensation committee also receives advice from the safety and nuclear oversight committees regarding appropriate safety and operational incentive measures.
based on the foregoing, pg&e corporation and the utility concluded that the risks arising from the companies'
overall compensation policies and practices are not reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on either the corporation or the utility.
tax deductibility with the passage of the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017, section 162(m) of the internal revenue code no longer permits companies to deduct certain qualified performance-based executive compensation. as a result, in establishing compensation for 2018, the committee no longer considered the tax deductibility limitations imposed by section 162(m).
despite the new limits on the deductibility of performance-based compensation, the committee continues to believe that a significant portion of neo compensation should be tied to company performance.
4. 2018 compensation structure named executive officers named executive officers of pg&e corporation for 2018 (positions as of december 31, 2018)
named executive officers of pacific gas and electric company for 2018 (positions as of december 31, 2018)
ms. williams and messrs. wells, simon, soto, malnight, and stavropoulos are considered neos of the utility. the other neos of the utility for 2018 are:
●  david s. thomason-vice president, chief financial officer and controller, pacific gas and electric company as of december 31, 2018, three individuals concurrently served as peos of the utility: patrick hogan, steven malnight, and jesus soto.
type             component                                                   key elements determined annually, though merit cash             base salary            ●                                    increase adjustments, or lump sum in lieu of an adjustment, may be made mid-year.
the boards and the compensation committee have discretion to
generally have a three-year vesting period (one-third at the equity           rsus                   ●                                    end of each year)
●                      compensation committee and achievement of safety and financial goals.
neos receive benefits based on their base pay and number of years post-employment  pension                ●                                    of service, subject to limits imposed by the internal revenue service.
vested benefits are payable at the
benefits may be reduced unless at
eligible neos receive benefits based on their base pay plus supplemental pension   ●                                    short-term incentive, and the number of years of service.
benefits may be reduced unless at least 35 years of service or age
vested benefits are payable at the
for eligible neos, each time salary or stip is paid, the company credits the
●                                    participant's non-qualified deferred compensation account with an amount equal to 7 percent of the payment.
limited perquisites include safety- and security-based car transportation services for the pg&e corporation ceo and the utility president;
other            perquisites            ●                                    on-site parking; executive health services; partial subsidy of financial services; accidental death and dismemberment insurance;
and otherde minimisperquisites provided under a pre-approved perquisite policy.
●                                    in lieu of providing broader perquisite benefits.
also may include the following items that are available to other
table of contents the following charts illustrate the percentage of target 2018 compensation allocated to base salary plus cash perquisite allowance, short-term incentives, and long-term incentives for the pg&e corporation ceo and for the other neos on average. (short-term incentives are shown at target payout levels, and long-term equity incentives are shown at 100 percent payout.)
for 2018, the compensation committee believes that these proportions of base salary relative to target short-term and long-term incentives provided the right mix to attract, retain, and motivate officers with the necessary skills and experience for the development and successful operation of pg&e corporation's and the utility's businesses.
a greater portion of the pg&e corporation ceo's 2018 target compensation is tied to the long-term performance of pg&e corporation, which the committee believes is appropriate given the ceo's role.
compensation paid to the neos was consistent with the types and forms of compensation provided during 2018 to all executive officers of the companies.
components of 2018 officer compensation - cash base salary for neo compensation, the base salary component falls within a range of 10 percent to 40 percent of target total compensation, depending on officer level.
this is consistent with the compensation committee's objective of tying a significant portion of every neo's compensation directly to pg&e corporation's performance for shareholders through short-term and long-term incentives.
for 2018, the committee approved a base salary increase budget of 3.25 percent. the comparative data indicated that the companies in the pay comparator group expected to provide officers a 3.20 percent average salary increase in
in the case of neos, the base salary at pg&e corporation and the utility are targeted to be within a range of between 15 percent above and 15 percent below (the "15 percent band") the median base salary of the appropriate benchmark position. the committee believes that this level of comparability to the market is appropriate and consistent with its pay philosophy of taking into consideration factors other than market data in establishing individual pay levels, while delivering cash compensation that is competitive with the market.
short-term incentives the stip is an at-risk component of pay. neos and other eligible employees may earn annual performance-based cash incentive compensation under the stip based on achievement of financial and operational goals approved by the committee and an individual executive's achievements for the year. the committee retains complete discretion to determine and pay all stip awards to neos and other eligible employees. this includes discretion to reduce the final score on any and all measures downward to zero.
2018 stip structure and results for 2018, the committee adopted a stip structure that continued pg&e corporation's and the utility's focus on improving public and employee and contractor safety and customer satisfaction. the weights of the components -
the safety component was structured to provide a strong focus on the safety of employees, customers, and communities. it was made up of five subcomponents: (1) nuclear operations safety, (2) electric operations safety,
(3) electric and gas operations safety, (4) gas operations safety, and (5) employee safety. three new safety measures were added for 2018 - public safety index with a weight of 10 percent, asset mapping duration index with a weight of 10 percent, and safe driving rate with a weight of 5 percent.
the customer satisfaction measures were designed to incent employees to be more responsive to customers' needs. one new customer satisfaction measure was added for 2018 - customer connection cycle time with a weight of 10 percent.
an neo's final stip score also may be increased or decreased by an individual performance modifier, which can range from 0 percent to 150 percent. the individual performance modifier is determined by the committee based upon the pg&e corporation ceo's assessment of an executive's performance, or the applicable board's assessment in the case of the ceo's or the utility president's (or equivalent officer's) performance, for the year.
nuclear operations safety diablo canyon power plant reliability and safety indicator unit 1 reliability and safety       2.5%           85.3      96.4      100.0         100.0    2.000       0.050
indicator unit 2 reliability and safety       2.5%           85.3      87.6       90.0          90.0    2.000       0.050
employee safety serious injuries and fatalities
diablo canyon power plant reliability and safety indicator-year-end score for the utility's diablo canyon power plant units 1 and 2 based on 11 performance indicators developed by the nuclear industry for nuclear power generation.
asset records duration index-an equally-weighted index comprised of gas and electric asset record duration indices tracking the average number of days to complete the as-built process of capital and expense jobs.
gas in-line inspection and upgrade index-index measuring the utility's ability to complete planned in-line inspections and pipeline retrofit projects.
gas dig-ins reduction-number of third-party dig-ins to the utility's gas assets per 1,000 underground service alert tickets.
serious injuries and fatalities (sif) corrective action index-index measuring two equally-weighted measures of response to sif events: (1) quality of corrective actions, and (2) timely completion of corrective actions.
safe driving rate-the total number of vehicle safety technology (vst) in-vehicle performance monitor alerts for hard braking and hard acceleration per thousand miles driven.
customer satisfaction score-overall satisfaction of customers with the products and services offered by the utility, as measured through an ongoing survey.
customer connection cycle time-the 12-month average service planning and construction cycle time for electric residential express connections new business work requested by utility customers.
earnings from operations (efo)-pg&e corporation's actual earnings from operations, excluding items impacting comparability compared to budget. the measurement is non-gaap. please see exhibit a for a reconciliation of pg&e corporation's earnings from operations to income available for common shareholders in accordance with gaap.
the committee (and the independent members of the pg&e corporation and utility boards of directors in the
for 2018, the committee approved neo participation rates that ranged from 45 percent to 130 percent of base salary
(the 130 percent participation rate applies only to the pg&e corporation ceo). this range is within the 15 percent band of the pay comparator group's median annual incentive participation rates.
for 2018, the committee and the independent members of each of the pg&e corporation and utility boards of directors exercised their discretion to adjust awards for neos and the pg&e corporation ceo and pacific gas and electric company principal executive officers, setting the company score to zero. no stip awards were paid to neos for 2018.
ltip awards (both annual and mid-year) are granted consistent with the pg&e corporation equity grant date policy
(see discussion below under "equity grant dates").
safety: serious injuries and fatalities (sif)
restricted stock units - time based vesting      45%
in february 2018, the compensation committee (and the independent members of the pg&e corporation board in the case of ms. williams, and the independent members of the utiilty board in the case of mr. stavropoulos) approved annual ltip awards for 2018, which were granted in may 2018.
target annual ltip award values for 2018 for the neos were determined based on competitive market data, internal equity considerations, and advice from pay governance. the annual ltip awards for 2018 granted to the neos were comprised of 35 percent performance shares using relative tsr, safety, and financial measures, 20 percent nonqualified stock options, and 45 percent rsus.
for 2018, the committee believes that this allocation of performance shares, stock options and rsus closely aligned neo compensation with long-term pg&e corporation performance and shareholder value. because performance shares, stock options and rsus each vest over a three-year period and increase or decrease in value depending on the performance of pg&e corporation common stock, these awards are at risk based on corporate performance, and align the interests of neos with performance for shareholders.
additional details regarding performance shares, stock options and rsus are provided below.
table of contents the number of performance shares with a tsr measure granted in may 2018 to each neo was determined by multiplying
performance shares with a tsr measure granted in may 2018 will vest, if at all, following completion of the three-
year performance period starting january 1, 2018 and ending december 31, 2020 and upon certification of performance results by the compensation committee, which will occur no later than march 14, 2021. the payout value of any vested performance shares will be based on pg&e corporation's tsr relative to the 2018 performance comparator group for the period. the payment for performance shares will be in the form of stock and will be calculated by multiplying (1) the number of vested performance shares by (2) a payout factor based on the corporation's relative tsr performance compared to the performance comparator group.
performance shares - safety and financial the number of performance shares with safety and financial measures granted in march 2018 to each neo was determined by multiplying 35 percent of the neo's actual annual ltip award value for 2018 by 15 percent and dividing the result by the closing price of a share of pg&e corporation common stock on march 1, 2018.
performance shares with safety and financial measures granted in march 2018 will vest, if at all, following completion of the three-year performance period starting january 1, 2018 and ending december 31, 2020 and upon certification of quantifiable performance results by the compensation committee, which will occur no later than march 14, 2021. the measures were designed to provide a direct focus on long-term safety and financial goals. the payout value of any vested performance shares will be based on achievement of safety and financial goals. the safety measure measures the total number of repeat sif actual or potential injury or near-hit events per 200,000
table of contents restricted stock units rsus are hypothetical shares of stock that are settled in an equal number of shares of pg&e corporation common stock, and generally vest only if the officer remains employed over the vesting period. because the value of rsus varies with the price of pg&e corporation common stock, rsus align officers' interests with those of shareholders
(i.e., stock price appreciation and dividends). the multi-year vesting period also serves a retention purpose. the number of rsus granted in march 2018 to each neo was determined by multiplying the neo's actual annual ltip award value for 2018 by 45 percent and dividing the result by the closing price of a share of pg&e corporation common stock on march 1, 2018. annual rsu awards granted in 2018 will vest in three tranches, with one-third vesting on the first business day of march of each of the three years following the grant date. the $500,000 retention rsu award granted to mr. soto on june 26, 2018 vests one-third on june 26, 2020 and two-thirds on june 26, 2021. the
nonqualified stock options a stock option is the right to acquire shares at a fixed exercise price for a fixed time. the exercise price of each option is based on the closing price of the stock on the nyse on the date of grant. options vest and become exercisable ratably during each of the three years following the grant date. options expire at the close of business ten years after the date of grant, after which time the options cease to be exercisable. because the value of stock options varies with the price of pg&e corporation common stock and because options have a ten-year expiration period, stock options align officers'
interests with those of shareholders while reflecting a longer-term view of the companies' business environment. the number of stock options granted in march 2018 to each neo was determined by multiplying the neo's actual annual ltip award value by 20
in the table entitled "option exercises and stock vested during 2018" under this item 11.
companies in the 2015 performance comparator group. this ranking resulted in no payout with respect to the 2015
fifty percent of awards granted under the ltip in 2016 were allocated to performance shares using a relative tsr measure. the three-year performance cycle ended on december 31, 2018. these awards vested on february 19, 2019 and any payouts for these awards would be expected to be reflected in the 2019 proxy statement. for that period, pg&e corporation's tsr fell lowest when compared to the 14 companies in the 2016 performance comparator group. this ranking resulted in no payout with respect to the 2016 performance share awards using a tsr measure. pg&e corporation's tsr performance for the three-year period was negative 50.5 percent, as compared to the median tsr of
ten percent of awards granted under the ltip in 2016 were allocated to performance shares with the payout determined by measuring performance against equally-weighted safety and affordability goals. safety performance, as measured by the 2016 through 2018 lost workday case rate was below the threshold target. affordability, as measured by three-year efficiency gains versus a $100 million target, achieved a 2.0 score, with savings of $279 million, which is significantly above the $200 million maximum target. the overall result was a 100 percent payout in 2019
2016 safety and affordability                                                                          weighted measures                                weight    threshold    target    maximum    result    score     average score safety component
affordability component
equity grant dates the pg&e corporation equity grant date policy, as last amended in september 2017, generally provides that annual ltip awards are granted once per year on march 1 (or if that day is not a business day, then on the following business day). the pg&e corporation board or the compensation committee may determine a different grant date if appropriate or necessary. the grant date for non-annual equity awards to employees (such as for newly hired or newly promoted officers or awards made for retention, recognition, or other purposes) is the later of (1) the date that the non-annual award is approved by the independent members of the pg&e corporation or utility board, the compensation committee, or the pg&e corporation ceo, as applicable, (2) the effective date of the ltip award recipient's employment, promotion, or recognition, or (3) the date otherwise specified by the applicable board, the committee, or the corporation ceo. if the grant date of any non-annual ltip award would occur during a trading blackout period, as defined under the pg&e corporation insider trading policy, then the actual grant date will be the first business day after the trading blackout period ends.
perquisites and related compensation neos generally receive a limited range of perquisite benefits, typically encompassing a partial subsidy for financial planning services from a third-party financial advisory firm, partial reimbursement of certain health club fees, on-site parking, executive health services, and de minimisperquisites under a pre-approved perquisite policy. the pg&e corporation ceo and the utility president also may receive safety-and security-based car transportation services. the magnitude of these perquisites, including the lump-sum payment described in the following paragraph, is comparable to that provided to executive officers of companies in the pay comparator group, and the value of these services is taxable to the recipient.
the compensation committee (and the independent members of the pg&e corporation board in the case of ms. williams, and the independent members of the utility board in the case of mr. stavropoulos) also approved a 2018 lump-sum annual stipend amount for each executive officer consistent with 2017, which ranged from $15,000 to $35,000 (the upper end applicable only to ms. williams). this stipend is provided in lieu of providing the neos with additional perquisite benefits. the neos have discretion to use this stipend as they see fit.
the utility's corporate aircraft use policy prohibits use of utility aircraft for personal travel.
post-retirement benefits neos are eligible to receive retirement benefits under the utility's tax-qualified defined benefit plan
("retirement plan"), which also provides benefits to other eligible employees of pg&e corporation and the utility.
retirement plan benefits are in the form of either a final average pay pension benefit or a cash balance benefit.
all neos except messrs. hogan and thomason also are eligible to receive benefits under the pg&e corporation supplemental executive retirement plan ("serp"), which is a non-tax-qualified defined benefit pension plan that provides officers and key employees of the corporation and its subsidiaries, including the utility, with an additional pension benefit. these plans are described in the section entitled "pension benefits-2018" under this item 11.
in february 2010, the committee adopted a policy against crediting additional years of service for participants in the serp.
esrp. the dc-esrp is described in more detail in the section entitled "non-qualified deferred compensation - 2018"
under this item 11.
table of contents neos and other officers and employees also are eligible to participate in the pg&e corporation retirement savings plan ("rsp"), a tax-qualified 401(k) plan. pg&e corporation provides a maximum matching contribution of 75 cents for each dollar contributed, up to 6 percent of base salary for individuals eligible for the final average pay pension benefit and up to 8 percent of base salary for individuals eligible for a cash balance pension benefit. to the extent that the internal revenue code limits prevent an neo from making contributions to his or her rsp account and, as a result, company matching funds are not contributed to that neo's rsp account, the matching funds will instead be contributed to the neo's account in the pg&e corporation 2005 supplemental retirement savings plan
upon retirement, neos also may be eligible for post-retirement health, welfare, insurance, and similar benefits, pursuant to plans that generally provide benefits to all employees. additional details regarding the retirement programs and post-retirement benefits, and the value of pension benefits accumulated as of december 31, 2018 for the neos, can be found in the table entitled "pension benefits-2018" under this item 11, the table entitled "non-
qualified deferred compensation - 2018" under this item 11, and the section entitled "potential payments-resignation/retirement" under this item 11.
qualified defined contribution plans (e.g., 401(k) plans), and non-tax-qualified retirement plans for neos. the committee believes that these defined benefit and defined contribution plans offer significant recruiting and retention incentives.
officer severance program general severance benefits are provided to neos through the 2012 pg&e corporation officer severance policy
("officer severance policy") and specific ltip award agreements and guidelines. upon termination by either company
(other than for cause), neos may be eligible for cash severance payments, continued or accelerated vesting for ltip awards, and other post-employment benefits. if an neo is terminated for cause (e.g., for dishonesty, a criminal offense, or violation of a work rule) or resigns before becoming retirement-eligible, the neo forfeits any unvested performance shares, stock options, and rsus, and would not receive any associated dividends.
officer severance policy the purpose of the officer severance policy is to (1) attract and retain senior management by providing severance benefits that are part of a competitive total compensation package, (2) provide consistent treatment for all terminated officers, and (3) minimize potential litigation costs in connection with terminations of employment by conditioning payments upon a general release of claims.
the officer severance policy, in combination with ltip award agreements generally provides the following benefits upon termination without cause:
●  continued vesting of stock options for one year, with an exercise period the lesser of 5 years or the remaining term of the options.
●  limited cobra benefits and outplacement services.
additional details regarding severance benefits can be found in the section entitled "potential payments-termination without cause" under this item 11.
table of contents change in control providing change-in-control severance benefits is a key part of the companies' officer compensation program. in a hostile takeover or other change-in-control situation, it is important for management to remain focused on maximizing shareholder value and aligning management's interests with shareholders' interests, and not to be distracted by concerns about job security.
change-in-control benefits require a "double trigger" and are not payable based on a change-in-control event alone, as described below. the compensation committee believes that the "double trigger" requirement aligns our change-in-
control benefits with shareholder interests and reflects current market practices.
the officer severance policy provides enhanced cash severance benefits if the officer's employment is terminated
(including constructive termination by the officer for good reason) in connection with a change in control (as defined in the policy). these enhanced benefits replace general severance benefits and are available only to officers in bands 1 or 2, which, as of december 31, 2018, included ms. williams and messrs. malnight, wells, simon, and stavropoulos. covered officers are eligible to receive (1) change-in-control cash severance benefits equal to two times the sum of base salary and target annual stip bonus, and (2) prorated stip bonus for the year of termination. other neos receive general severance benefits only.
all ltip award agreements contain change-in-control provisions that accelerate vesting of all awards if there is a change in control, and either the award is not continued, assumed, or substituted, or the recipient's employment is terminated in connection with a change in control. this practice aligns pg&e corporation and the utility with market practices and (1) better balances the interests of award recipients and shareholders, (2) provides security for award recipients in a time of uncertainty, and (3) preserves the incentive for award recipients to stay with the corporation or the utility even following a transaction.
the golden parachute restriction policy requires shareholder approval of certain executive severance payments (as defined in the golden parachute restriction policy) provided in connection with a change in control of pg&e corporation, to the extent that those payments exceed 2.99 times the sum of a covered officer's base salary and target stip award.
additional details regarding change-in-control benefits can be found in the section entitled "potential payments-severance in connection with change in control" under this item 11.
5. 2019 neo compensation program on january 29, 2019, pg&e corporation and the utility each filed a voluntary petition for relief under chapter 11
as a result of the chapter 11 cases, the 2019 executive compensation program may differ significantly from that in prior years. in addition, certain compensation provided to executive officers during the pendency of the chapter 11
cases may be subject in certain instances to approval by the bankruptcy court. the committee has been working with its advisors, including wtw, to review the 2019 executive compensation program in an effort to balance the financial situation facing the companies, the need to continue to recruit and retain qualified executives to guide the companies through a period of uncertainty, including the unpredictability of the stock price, and the resulting effect on the incentive and retentive value of equity-based awards. in february 2019, the committee determined that the neos will not participate in the 2019 stip and expects that the companies will continue to evaluate all aspects of the 2019 executive compensation program, including base salary, short- and long-term incentives, and other benefits.
6. committee conclusion the compensation committee believes that the amount and design of executive compensation provided for 2018 to the neos of pg&e corporation and the utility are consistent with the committee's compensation objectives and policies to (1) provide long-term incentives to align shareholders' and officers' interests and enhance total return for shareholders, (2) attract, retain, and motivate officers with the necessary mix of skills and experience for the development and successful operation of the corporation's and the utility's businesses, and (3) compensate neos in a competitive, cost-efficient, and transparent manner.
table of contents exhibit a reconciliation of pg&e corporation's consolidated income available for common shareholders in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap") to earnings from operations for the year ended december 31, 2018
basis items impacting comparability:(1)
reduction in gas-related capital                (27  )        (0.05  )
"items impacting comparability" represent items that management does not consider part of the normal
(1)  course of operations and affect comparability of financial results between periods. items impacting comparability reconcile earnings from operations with consolidated income available for common shareholders as reported in accordance with gaap.
the utility incurred costs, net of insurance, of $9.5 billion (before the tax impact of $2.7 billion)
during the three and twelve months ended december 31, 2018 associated with the 2018 camp fire. this includes accrued charges of $10.5 billion
the utility also recorded $185 million (before the tax impact of $52 million) during the three and twelve
in addition, the utility incurred costs of $169 million (before the tax impact of $47 million) during the three and twelve months ended december 31, 2018 for clean-up and repair costs. these costs were partially offset by $1.4 billion (before the tax impact of $386 million) recorded during the three and twelve months ended december 31, 2018 for probable insurance recoveries.
the utility incurred costs, net of insurance, of $629 million (before the tax impact of $176 million) and
million) during the three and twelve months ended december 31, 2018, respectively, associated with the
(before the tax impact of $979 million) during the three and twelve months ended december 31, 2018, respectively, related to third-party claims. the utility also recorded $85 million (before the tax impact
(before the tax impact of $57 million) during the three and twelve months ended december 31, 2018, respectively, for legal and other costs. in addition, the utility incurred costs of $40 million (before the tax impact of $11 million) during the twelve months ended december 31, 2018 for utility clean-up and repair costs. these costs were partially offset by $456 million (before the tax impact of $128 million) and $842 million (before the tax impact of $236 million) recorded during the three and twelve months ended december 31, 2018, respectively, for probable insurance recoveries.
the utility incurred costs of $11 million (before the tax impact of $3 million) and $46 million (before the tax impact of $13 million) during the
(4)  three and twelve months ended december 31, 2018, respectively, for pipeline-related expenses incurred in connection with the multi-year effort to identify and remove encroachments from transmission pipeline rights-of-way.
the utility incurred costs, net of insurance, of $9 million (before the tax impact of $2 million) and $40
(5)  million) during the three and twelve months ended december 31, 2018, respectively, associated with legal costs for the 2015 butte fire. these costs were partially offset by $7 million (before the tax impact of
the utility reduced the estimated disallowance for gas-related capital costs that were expected to exceed authorized amounts by $38 million (before the tax impact of $11 million) during the twelve months ended december 31, 2018. the utility had
(6)  previously recorded $85 million (before the tax impact of $35 million) in 2016 for probable capital disallowances in the 2015 gas transmission and storage rate case. from 2012 through 2014, the utility had recorded cumulative charges of $665 million
(before the tax impact of $271 million) for disallowed pipeline safety enhancement plan- related capital expenditures.
(7)  utility recorded $32 million (before the tax impact of $9 million) during the twelve months ended december 31, 2018 for probable cost recoveries of insurance premiums incurred in 2017 above amounts included in authorized revenue requirements.
"earnings from operations" is a non-gaap financial measure and is calculated as income available for common shareholders less items impacting comparability as described in note (1) above. pg&e corporation uses earnings from operations to understand and compare operating results across reporting periods for various purposes, including internal budgeting and forecasting, short-
(8)  and long-term operating plans, and employee incentive compensation. pg&e corporation believes that non-gaap earnings from operations provide additional insight into the underlying trends of the business allowing for a better comparison against historical results and expectations for future performance. earnings from operations is not a substitute or alternative for gaap measures such as consolidated income available for common shareholders and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies.
change in non-equity     pension name and                                      stock     option    incentive   value and          all principal     year     salary      bonus     awards     awards         plan  nonqualif...        other      total position               ($)(1)        ($)     ($)(2)     ($)(3)  compensati...    deferred  compensati...        ($)
table of contents effective march 1, 2017, ms. williams became ceo and president of pg&e corporation. ms. williams resigned from both positions effective january
represents the grant date fair value of performance shares and rsus measured in accordance with fasb asc topic 718, without considering an estimate of forfeitures related to service-based vesting. for performance shares using safety and affordability measures, and for rsus, grant date fair value is measured using the closing price of pg&e corporation common stock on the grant date.
(2)  assumptions made in valuation of reported performance shares with a relative tsr measure is described in footnote 5 to the table entitled "grants of plan-based awards in 2018." if the highest level of performance conditions were achieved, the estimated maximum grant date value of performance shares granted in 2018 would be: ms. williams
(3)  model. assumptions in valuation of stock options are described in footnote 5 to the table entitled "grants of plan-based awards in 2018."
hogan $10,493, mr. simon $201,189, and mr. stavropoulos $21,926), and (ii) the above-market earnings on compensation deferred into the pg&e corporation supplemental retirement savings plan and invested in the aa utility bond fund (ms.
(5)  williams $400, mr. hogan $3,044, mr. simon $2,576, and mr. stavropoulos $1,094). the aa utility bond fund accrues interest based on the long-term corporate bond yield average for aa utilities reported by moody's investors service. the above-market earnings are calculated as the difference between actual earnings from the aa utility bond fund investment option and hypothetical earnings that would have resulted using an interest rate equal to
amounts reported for 2018 consist of (i) perquisites and personal benefits (ms. williams $86,690, mr. soto
$60, mr. wells $14,026, mr. thomason $60, mr. simon $14,811, and mr. stavropoulos $28,395), (ii) a lump-sum annual stipend paid in lieu of providing perquisite benefits, with the exception of perquisite
(6)  benefits noted in the chart below (ms.
the following chart provides additional information regarding certain perquisites and personal benefits that are included in the summary compensation table and discussed in section (i) of footnote 5. additionally, neos may receive de minimis incidental perquisites under a pre-approved perquisite policy (including company-paid insurance, service awards, and similar benefits).
transportation  security  fitness  executive    financial services       ($)      ($)     health     services
table of contents the above perquisites and personal benefits consist of the following:
transportation services for ms. williams and mr. stavropoulos to help ensure their safety and security while serving in the positions of ceo of
●  pg&e corporation and president of the utility, consisting of car transportation for commute and incidental non-business travel. amounts include the prorated salary and benefits burden of the drivers, and vehicle costs.
installation and monitoring of a security system for ms. williams' private residence, to help ensure her
●  safety and security while serving in the position of ceo of pg&e corporation.
in addition to the perquisite benefits described above, neos are given a set stipend that each neo may use as the officer sees fit. the stipend is intended to cover miscellaneous items in each neo's discretion (such as membership in professional organizations). the amount of this stipend is included in the summary compensation table in the
"all other compensation" column and is addressed in section (ii) of footnote 6. neos also were eligible to receive on-site parking, which was provided at no additional incremental cost to pg&e corporation and the utility.
please see the cd&a under this item 11 for additional information regarding the elements of compensation discussed above, including information regarding salary, short-term incentives, and long-term incentives. additional information regarding grants of ltip awards can be found in the narrative following the "grants of plan-based awards in 2018" table.
future                     future payouts                    payouts under                      under non-eq...                     equity incent...                    incent...
all other     all            grant stock   other  exerci...    date awards:  option       or    fair commit...                                                        number  award...     base   value name    grant    action   thresh...   target  maximum  thresh...   target  maxim...       of  number    price      of date     date         ($)      ($)      ($)      (#)      (#)     (#)   shares      of       of   stock of  secur...   option     and stock  under...   awards  option or  awards   ($/sh)  awards units  (#)(4)           ($)(5)
compensation opportunity granted for 2018 under the stip. actual amounts earned are reported in the summary compensation table in the "non-equity
for performance shares with a relative tsr measure, the grant date fair value is based on the probable outcome of the applicable performance conditions, measured using a monte carlo simulation valuation model. the assumed per-share value for the
2018 annual awards was $34.23. the simulation model applies a risk-free interest rate and an expected volatility assumption. the risk-free rate is assumed to equal the yield on a three-year treasury bond on the grant date. volatility is based on historical volatility for the 36-month period preceding the grant date. for stock options, the grant date fair value is based on a black-scholes american call valuation model. the assumed per-share value for the 2018 annual awards was $10.23. the simulation model includes assumptions about dividend policy, duration, and volatility. the dividend policy assumption
(two years) and the time to expiration of the award (ten years), or six years. in absence of publicly-available transactions or information associated with implied volatility for a 10-year or 5-year option on pg&e corporation common stock, volatility was estimated using data on historical volatility and implied volatility extrapolated from options with shorter duration, which provided a range from approximately 19% to approximately 26%;
was used for the volatility assumption.  for rsus and performance shares with safety and financial measures, the grant date fair value is based on the pg&e corporation stock price at close on the grant date.
table of contents detailed information regarding compensation reported in the tables entitled "summary compensation table-2018" and
performance shares annual performance shares granted in 2018 will vest, if at all, at the end of a three-year period. upon vesting, performance shares are settled in shares of pg&e corporation common stock, net of the number of shares having a value equal to required withholding taxes. for performance shares using a relative tsr measure, the number of shares issued will depend on pg&e corporation's tsr relative to the 2018 performance comparator group for the three-year performance period. for performance shares with safety and financial measures, the number of shares issued will depend on achievement of safety and financial goals. the specific payout formulas are discussed in the cd&a.
restricted stock units annual rsu awards granted in may 2018 will vest in three tranches, with one-third vesting on the first business day of march of each of the three years following the grant date. the $500,000 rsu retention award granted to mr. soto on june 26, 2018, vests one-third on june 26, 2020 and two-thirds on june 26, 2021. the $300,000 promotional rsu award granted to mr. malnight on september 4, 2018, vests on september 4, 2020. upon vesting, rsus are settled in an equivalent number of shares of pg&e corporation common stock, net of the number of shares having a value equal to required withholding taxes. all rsus may be subject to earlier vesting or forfeiture upon certain events, in accordance with the terms of the grant.
stock options annual stock options granted in 2018 will vest in three tranches, with one-third vesting on the first business day of march of each of the three years following the grant date. upon vesting, recipients may elect to pay the option exercise price and receive a share of pg&e corporation stock for each option exercised. options expire at the close of business ten years after the date of grant, after which time the options cease to be exercisable. the exercise price of each option is based on the closing price of the stock on the nyse on the date of grant.
no tandem dividend equivalents are granted with stock options.
table of contents vii. outstanding equity awards at fiscal year-end - 2018
this table provides additional information regarding performance shares, stock options, and rsus that were held as of december 31, 2018 by the neos, including awards granted prior to 2018. any awards described below that were granted in 2018 also are reflected in the "grants of plan-based awards in 2018" table.
option                                      stock awards                                     awards equity equity         incent...
number           value    awards:          market of              of     number              or number             number                           shares          shares         of          payout of                     of                               or              or    unearn...           value securi...           securi...     option    option       units           units    shares,              of name      underl...           underl...    exerci...    expira...         of              of      units         unearn...
unexer...           unexer...      price    date         stock           stock         or         shares, options           options        ($)                  that            that      other           units
consists of unvested stock options from awards granted in 2018, with one-third of each award vesting on
(2)   2018 and for which the reported number reflects a 100 percent payout, and (b) unvested rsus. see the cd&a for additional details regarding awards granted in 2018.
consists of unvested performance shares granted in 2017 and 2018. consistent with sec rules, the number of shares is presented assuming threshold
2018 awards using safety and financial measures. see the cd&a for additional details regarding awards granted in 2018.
(6)   compensation committee ("committee") certification of performance results, but no later than march 14 of each year.
3,873 and 7,861 performance shares are scheduled to vest in 2020 and 2021, respectively, upon committee
3,644 and 7,861 performance shares are scheduled to vest in 2020 and 2021, respectively, upon committee
3,189 and 6,987 performance shares are scheduled to vest in 2020 and 2021, respectively, upon committee
9,108 and 21,832 performance shares are scheduled to vest in 2020 and 2021, respectively, upon committee
1,367 and 2,839 performance shares are scheduled to vest in 2020 and 2021, respectively, upon committee
9,108 and 19,649 performance shares are scheduled to vest in 2020 and 2021, respectively, upon committee
10,247 and 26,196 performance shares are scheduled to vest in 2020 and 2021, respectively, upon committee
this table provides additional information regarding the amounts received during 2018 by neos upon vesting or transfer of restricted stock and other stock-based awards.
table of contents ix. pension benefits - 2018
this table provides information for each neo relating to accumulated benefits as of december 31, 2018 under any plan that provides for payments or other benefits at, after, or relating to retirement.
number         present    payments of years        value of      during name               plan name                                               credited     accumulated        last service (#)    benefits ($)      fiscal year ($)
retirement plan additional information regarding compensation reported in the "pension benefits-2018" table, and any associated policies, can be found in the cd&a. the present value of accumulated benefits as of december 31, 2018 is determined assuming that the neos retire at the earliest unreduced retirement age, using mortality and interest assumptions consistent with those used in preparing pg&e corporation's and the utility's financial statements. the rp-2014
"employees" mortality table was used without collar or amount adjustments (adjusted to 2011 using a variation of mp-2014). rates were projected on a generational basis from 2011 using a variation of mp-2014. interest discount rates of 4.35 percent and 4.29 percent were used for the pacific gas and electric company retirement plan
for 2018, the pension benefits described in the above table are provided to officers under two plans.
the utility provides retirement benefits to all its employees, including its officers, under the retirement plan, which is a tax-qualified defined benefit pension plan. the retirement plan historically also has provided benefits to a significant number of pg&e corporation's employees and officers. as of april 1, 2007, all pg&e corporation employees and officers are eligible to participate in the retirement plan.
the retirement plan has two forms of benefit. with respect to the retirement plan's final pay benefit formula, a participating officer may begin receiving tax-qualified pension benefits at age 55, but benefits will be reduced unless the individual has at least 35 years of service. at age 65, a participant becomes eligible for an unreduced pension, irrespective of the years of service. between age 55 and age 65, any pension benefit may be reduced based on the number of years of service, and in accordance with the retirement plan's early retirement reduction factors.
the normal benefit formula is 1.7 percent of the average annual salary for the last 36 months of service multiplied by years of credited service. the default form of benefit is a single-life annuity for participants who are unmarried at retirement or a 50 percent joint spousal annuity for married participants. however, other types of joint pensions are available, and participants may designate non-spousal joint pensioners (subject to spousal consent).
effective january 1, 2013, a cash balance benefit was added to the retirement plan. employees hired or re-hired on or after january 1, 2013 participate in the cash balance benefit. employees hired before january 1, 2013 were given a one-time opportunity during 2013 to irrevocably select to switch to the cash balance benefit on a going-forward basis, effective january 1, 2014, or to retain the final pay benefit to which they were otherwise entitled. on the last day of each year (or on the date of benefit commencement, if earlier), an employee's cash balance account is credited with pay credits based on a point system of age plus service and eligible pay during the year. at the end of each calendar quarter, the account is credited with interest credits, based on an average of the 30-year treasury rates for the three months before the calendar quarter. special interest credit rules apply in the quarter in which benefit payment commences. the default forms of payment are similar to those under the final pay benefit formula. additionally, however, a cash balance participant may elect a lump-sum payout that is eligible for rollover into an individual retirement account or other tax-advantaged employer plan. cash balance participants may elect to receive their vested benefit when they leave employment with any participating employer, regardless of whether they have attained age 55. no current neos elected to switch to the cash balance benefit.
table of contents pg&e corporation's non-qualified serp provides benefits to certain officers and key employees. the serp benefit formula is 1.7 percent of the average of the three highest combined salary and annual stip payments during the last
10 years of service, multiplied by years of credited service. payments are in the form of a single-life annuity or, at the election of the officer, a joint spousal annuity. normal retirement age is 65. benefits may begin earlier, on the later of the neo's reaching age 55 or separation from the company, subject to reduction depending on years of credited service, in accordance with the retirement plan's early retirement reduction factors. payments are reduced by amounts payable from the retirement plan.
2013 pg&e corporation defined contribution executive supplemental retirement plan ("dc-esrp"), a non-tax-qualified deferred compensation plan. messrs. hogan and thomason participate in the dc-esrp. see the table entitled "non-
qualified deferred compensation-2018" under this item 11 and the accompanying narrative for additional dc-esrp details.
williams had retired on december 31, 2018, her benefit under both plans would have been subject to an early retirement reduction of 22.75 percent. mr. stavropoulos' benefits under both plans were subject to a 13.5 percent reduction when his employment ended.
executive     registrant    aggregate     aggregate   aggregate name             plan     contributions  contributions  earnings in  withdrawals/  balance at in last fy     in last fy      last fy  distribution    last fye
under the srsp plans, officers may defer 5 percent to 75 percent of their base salary, and all or part of their perquisite allowance, stip payment, and performance share award if settled in cash.
pg&e corporation also will contribute an amount equal to any employer contributions due under the 401(k) plan that were not made due to limitations under internal revenue code sections 401(m), 401(a)(17), or 415. under the srsp plans, officers may elect deferrals to be distributed in 1 to 10 installments commencing in january of the year following termination of employment. for deferrals made in 2005 and thereafter, distributions may commence seven months after termination of employment or in january of a year specified by the officer. earlier distributions may be made in the case of an officer's death. the plan administrator may, in its discretion, permit earlier withdrawals as requested by participants to meet unforeseen emergencies.
under the dc-esrp, each time salary or stip is paid, pg&e corporation credits the participant's account with an amount equal to 7 percent of the payment. benefits vest after three years of cumulative service with the companies, and benefits are paid in a single lump sum upon the officer's separation from service commencing as soon as reasonably practicable, following a date seven months after the separation from service. officers may also elect deferrals to be distributed in 2 to 10 equal annual installments. earlier distributions may be made in the case of an officer's death.
other available measures are the pg&e corporation phantom stock fund, which mirrors an investment in pg&e corporation common stock (2018 return of negative 45.7 percent), and the aa utility bond fund. the aa utility bond fund accrues interest based on the long-term corporate bond yield average for aa utilities reported by moody's investors service (yields reported during 2018 ranged from 3.6 percent to 4.4 percent). pre-2005 deferrals under the srsp plans are limited to the large company stock index fund, the pg&e corporation phantom stock fund, and the aa utility bond fund. in general, the earnings measures are selected by the officer and may be reallocated subject to restrictions imposed by regulations of the sec. however, deferrals of special incentive stock ownership premiums received under the prior executive stock ownership program before december 31, 2012 may only be invested in the pg&e corporation phantom stock fund and may not be reallocated.
table of contents xi. potential payments upon resignation, retirement, termination, change in control, death, or disability the neos are eligible to receive certain benefits upon termination, or when a change in control (as defined in the officer severance policy) occurs and either (1) the officer's employment is terminated (including constructive termination by the officer for good reason) in connection with the change in control, or (2) the acquiring company does not continue or assume outstanding ltip awards, or substitute the ltip awards with substantially equivalent awards.
the following table estimates potential payments for each neo as if, effective december 31, 2018, that individual's employment was terminated or an acquiror did not assume, continue, or grant substitute awards for ltip awards previously granted by pg&e corporation or the utility. estimates assume that the value of any stock-based compensation received was $23.75 per share, which was the closing price of pg&e corporation common stock on december 31, 2018. the table generally excludes (1) payments for services already rendered (such as unpaid and earned salary), which would be due to the neo even if the individual had remained employed with the companies, (2)
post-retirement benefits that would be available to employees generally, and (3) any deferred compensation that was previously earned but would become payable due to the termination (these deferred amounts are reflected in the table entitled "non-qualified deferred compensation-2018"). the table also does not fully take into account changes and restrictions that apply following the commencement of the chapter 11 cases on january 29, 2019. please see section 5 of the cd&a for a discussion of the potential future impacts of the chapter 11 cases.
the value of actual cash and equity received on or shortly after december 31, 2018 would be less than the "total"
amount listed below because (1) pension benefits are paid over time in the form of a life annuity, and (2) stock awards reflected in the table will be payable only after vesting, which may occur in subsequent years.
resignation/  termination    termination    change in    death or name                                     retirement    for cause  without cause      control  disability
g. j. williams value of accumulated pension benefits    $3,189,564   $3,189,564     $3,189,564   $3,189,564  $2,002,036
career transition                                 0            0         12,000       12,000           0
value of accumulated pension benefits      $925,248     $925,248       $925,248     $925,248    $486,800
career transition                                 0            0         12,000       12,000           0
s. malnight value of accumulated pension benefits    $1,553,145   $1,553,145     $1,553,145   $1,553,145    $858,796
career transition                                 0            0         12,000       12,000           0
table of contents resignation/  termination  termination   change in    death or name                                     retirement    for cause      without     control  disability
p. hogan value of accumulated pension benefits      $110,633     $110,633     $110,633    $110,633    $102,004
career transition                                 0            0       12,000      12,000           0
j. p. wells value of accumulated pension benefits      $997,646     $997,646     $997,646    $997,646    $576,525
career transition                                 0            0       12,000      12,000           0
d. s. thomason value of accumulated pension benefits      $605,348     $605,348     $605,348    $605,348    $342,761
career transition                                 0            0       12,000      12,000           0
j. r. simon value of accumulated pension benefits    $2,264,599   $2,264,599   $2,264,599  $2,264,599  $1,165,091
career transition                                 0            0       12,000      12,000           0
n. stavropoulos value of accumulated pension benefits    $2,174,796
career transition                                 0
payments made in connection with a change in control may require shareholder approval, pursuant to the pg&e corporation golden parachute
(1)  restriction policy, discussed below. if excise taxes are levied in connection with internal revenue code section 4999, the aggregate benefits shown may be reduced to a level that does not trigger the excise tax, but only if doing so would be more beneficial to the officer on an after-tax basis.
for pension payments, the number reflects the value of aggregated benefits upon termination due to death.
(2)  pension payments upon termination due to disability would be the same as in the event of resignation.
reflects the value of outstanding equity awards for which vesting is continued or accelerated due to the termination event. based on performance through december 31, 2018, no payments would be made with respect to outstanding performance shares using
(3)  a tsr measure. payments would be made with respect to 100 percent of outstanding performance shares granted in 2016 using safety and affordability measures. outstanding performance shares granted in 2017 and 2018 using safety, affordability, and financial measures are included assuming a 100 percent payout.
assumes 2018 stip performance score of 0, as determined by the boards of pg&e corporation and the utility
(4)  and the compensation committee for all officers.
table of contents pension benefits in general if any neo is terminated for any reason, that officer generally is entitled to receive accrued and vested pension benefits, as described in the narrative accompanying the "pension benefits-2018" table. the value of the pension benefit will be paid out over time in the form of an annuity, consistent with payment elections made by the neo.
the qualified plan trust is funded by contributions from both pg&e corporation and the utility. payments from the non-qualified plan are paid by pg&e corporation and are reduced by any benefit payable from the qualified plan.
the value of pension benefits reported in the table above is identical in all termination scenarios, except if an neo's employment is terminated due to that officer's death. in that case, if (1) the officer was at least 55 years of age, or (2) the combined total of his or her age and the number of years worked exceeded 70, then the officer's surviving spouse or beneficiary would be entitled to an immediate commencement of payment of 50 percent of the single-life pension benefit that would otherwise have been available to the officer at age 65. for all other officers, the value of this pre-retirement survivor's benefit would be 50 percent of the single life pension benefit that would otherwise have been available to the officer at age 55, and the benefit would commence on the first of the month after the day that officer would have reached age 55.
officer severance policy the officer severance policy provides for severance payments and the treatment of certain ltip awards upon termination with cause, termination without cause, and termination in connection with a change in control. benefits under the officer severance policy are paid by the individual's former employer.
●  (unless retirement occurs within two years following a change in control, in which case shares underlying the rsus vest and are paid out within 60 days following the retirement).
●  schedule as if the officer remained employed (unless retirement occurs within two years following a change in control, in which case all options vest and may be exercised for the shorter of the remaining term or five years.
with respect to the rsus granted as a promotional award to mr. stavropoulos in may 2017, the retirement provision does not apply and unvested rsus were cancelled at the time his employment ended.
stip if an neo resigns or retires on or after december 31 of a performance year, that officer will be entitled to receive a lump-sum stip payment for that calendar year.
table of contents if an neo resigns prior to december 31 of any calendar year, potential stip payments for that year generally are forfeited. however, if the neo is at least 55 years of age at the time of resignation, then potential stip payments will be treated in the same manner as for a "retirement."
if an neo retires before december 31 of any calendar year, then the compensation committee may, in its discretion, approve providing the retired neo with a lump-sum stip payment for that calendar year. any such stip payment generally would reflect actual earnings, and thus be prorated to reflect the amount of time that the retired neo was employed during the performance period.
post-retirement life insurance benefits upon retirement (as defined under the qualified pension plan), all employees of pg&e corporation, the utility, and certain subsidiaries are eligible to receive a life insurance coverage benefit under the post-retirement life insurance plan of pacific gas and electric company. if an employee retires at age 55 or older with at least 15
years of service ("qualifying retirement") with the companies and their respective subsidiaries, the employee may qualify for a different "benefit level" and the value of the benefit may increase. each retiree's applicable
"benefit level" is determined based on factors such as the participant's position with the company at retirement and the date of hire or promotion. prior to december 31, 2008, upon qualifying retirement, certain benefit levels also permitted the retiree to elect to receive the benefit in the form of a lump-sum cash payment equal to the present value of the insurance coverage benefit. participants no longer may elect the cash payment upon retirement, but certain individuals who were employees as of december 31, 2008 and who were likely upon retirement to qualify for the benefit levels that previously offered the cash alternative were given the opportunity to make a one-time election as to whether to receive future benefits (if any) as insurance coverage or in the form of a lump-sum cash payment. benefits are paid by the former employer.
upon qualifying retirement, ms. williams and mr. simon would receive a lump-sum cash benefit equal to the present value of a post-retirement life insurance policy with coverage equal to his or her last 12 months of salary. upon qualifying for retirement, all other neos would be entitled to receive a life insurance benefit in the amount of
potential payments - termination for cause if an officer is terminated for cause, all outstanding performance shares and rsus are cancelled, stock options are forfeited, no severance payment is available, and the officer is not eligible to receive a stip payment for that year.
as provided in the officer severance policy, in general, an officer is terminated "for cause" if the employer determines in good faith that the officer has engaged in, committed, or is responsible for:
●  inappropriate conduct in violation of the corporation's equal employment opportunity policy, conduct that reflects adversely upon, or making any remarks disparaging of, the corporation, its board,
●  officers, or employees, or its affiliates or subsidiaries,
●  corporation or its subsidiaries or affiliates, or
table of contents with respect to vesting of ltip awards, "cause" generally is determined in the sole discretion of pg&e corporation, and typically includes dishonesty, a criminal offense, or violation of a work rule.
potential payments - termination without cause ltip awards termination provisions are described in the officer severance policy and ltip award agreements.
however, if the officer is at least 55 years of age with at least five years of service, his or her termination without cause is treated as a retirement under the terms of the ltip. (please see the section entitled "potential payments-resignation/ retirement" for a discussion of vesting provisions.) ms. williams was the only neo eligible for retirement under the ltip as of december 31, 2018. mr. stavropoulos was retirement-eligible at the time his employment ended.
severance payment all neos would be entitled to a lump-sum payment of one times annual base salary and stip target.
stip if an officer is terminated without cause before december 31 of a given year and has at least six months of service in that year, the officer is eligible to receive a prorated lump-sum stip award for that year. such stip payment generally would reflect the stip performance score applicable to active employees and would be prorated to reflect the amount of time that the officer was employed during the performance period. payments would be paid by the former employer and at the same time as for active employees.
miscellaneous benefits the officer is entitled to receive a lump-sum cash payment equal to the estimated value of 18 months of cobra premiums, based on the officer's benefit levels at the time of termination (with such payment subject to taxation under applicable law), and career transition services.
covenants in consideration for severance benefits other than those relating to ltip awards, (1) the officer agrees not to divulge any confidential or privileged information obtained during his or her employment, unless required or permitted by law, (2) during a period of 12 months following severance, the officer agrees to a covenant to, among other things, refrain from soliciting customers and employees, (3) the officer agrees to assist in legal proceedings as reasonably required during this period, (4) the officer must sign a release of claims, and (5) the officer must agree not to compete with the companies to the extent permitted by law.
potential payments - severance in connection with change in control change-in-control benefits require a "double trigger" and are not payable based on a change-in-control event alone.
benefits in connection with a change in control are provided by the officer severance policy, the ltips, and related ltip award agreements and guidelines. benefits may be limited by the pg&e corporation golden parachute restriction policy, which is discussed further below.
table of contents definition of change in control a change in control occurs upon any of the following events:
any person or entity (excluding employee benefit plans or a plan fiduciary) becomes the direct or indirect owner of more than 30 percent of pg&e corporation's outstanding common stock.
over any two-year period, a majority of the pg&e corporation directors in office at the beginning of the period are no longer in office (unless each new director was elected or nominated for shareholder election by at least two-thirds of the remaining active directors who also were in office at the beginning of the period or who were elected or nominated by
3.  shareholders own less than 70 percent of the voting power in the surviving entity (or parent of the surviving entity).
ltip awards following a change in control, ltip awards generally accelerate or automatically vest if either (a) the successor company fails to assume, continue, or substitute previously granted awards in a manner that preserves the value of those awards, or (b) the award recipient is terminated (including constructive termination) in connection with a change in control during a set period of time before or after the change in control. specific acceleration, vesting, and settlement provisions are as follows (subject to any delays necessary to comply with internal revenue code section 409a):
treatment of unvested ltip awards upon termination without cause in connection with a change in control (cic)
cic occurs and acquiror        termination within              termination within does                           three months before cic;        two years after not assume, continue, or       awards are assumed,             cic; awards are assumed, grant substitute ltip          continued, or substituted       continued, or substituted awards vest upon cic, payable at end of the performance period, but based on a payout factor measuring tsr    vest upon cic, payable at       vest upon termination, performanceshares    for the period from            the end of the performance      payable at the end of the the beginning of the           period                          performance period performance period to the date of cic, and assuming safety and affordability performance was at target vest upon cic, settled under vest upon cic, settled         the normal schedule             vest upon termination, rsus                 under the normal schedule      (includes any rsus that         settled within 60 days would have continued to vest after termination)
vest upon cic and will be      vest upon cic; may be           vest upon termination; may stock                cancelled in exchange for      exercised within shorter of     be exercised within shorter options              fair value                     remaining term or one year      of remaining term or one year severance payment the officer severance policy provides enhanced change-in-control severance benefits to "covered officers" who are in officer compensation bands 1 or 2. such covered officers include ms. williams, mr. malnight, mr. wells, and mr.
thomason had been terminated in connection with a change in control as of december 31, 2018, each would have been eligible for standard severance benefits, as discussed in the section entitled "potential payments-termination without cause."
table of contents if a covered officer is terminated without cause or is constructively terminated in connection with a change in control (which includes termination prior to a potential change in control, as defined in the officer severance policy), the officer generally would be eligible for a lump-sum payment equal to the total of:
3.  annual base salary in effect immediately before either the date of termination or the change in control, whichever is greater.
however, in connection with the elimination of reimbursement payments for excise taxes levied in connection with internal revenue code section 4999, eligible officers either (1) are responsible for paying any such excise taxes, or (2) have their aggregate change-in-control benefits reduced to a level that does not trigger the excise tax, but only if doing so would be more beneficial to the officer on an after-tax basis.
the covered officer's willful and continued failure to substantially perform the officer's duties with
(i)   pg&e corporation or one of its affiliates, after a written board demand for substantial performance is delivered to the officer, or
constructive termination includes resignation in connection with conditions that constitute good reason as defined in the officer severance policy (which includes, among other things, a material diminution in duties, authority, or base compensation).
stip if a covered officer is terminated without cause or is constructively terminated in connection with a change in control, the officer severance policy provides that the officer will receive a lump-sum payment equal to the officer's prorated target stip calculated for the fiscal year in which termination occurs. if mr. soto, mr. hogan, or mr. thomason had been terminated in connection with a change in control as of december 31, 2018, each would have been eligible for stip payments, consistent with the discussion in the section entitled "potential payments-termination without cause."
pg&e corporation golden parachute restriction policy the golden parachute restriction policy requires shareholder approval of executive severance payments provided in connection with any change in control, to the extent that those payments exceed 2.99 times the sum of a covered officer's base salary and target annual bonus. this policy was adopted by the pg&e corporation board in february
the policy applies to the value of cash, special benefits, or perquisites that are due to the executive following or in connection with both (1) a change in control, and (2) the termination or constructive termination of an officer of pg&e corporation, the utility, or their respective subsidiaries at the level of senior vice president or higher. it does not apply to the value of benefits that would be triggered by a change in control without severance, or to the value of benefits that would be triggered by severance in the absence of a change in control.
the golden parachute restriction policy also does not apply to certain enumerated payments, including, among others, compensation for services rendered prior to termination, tax restoration payments, and accelerated vesting or settlement of equity awards.
table of contents potential payments - termination due to death or disability ltip awards if an officer's employment is terminated due to death or disability, ltip awards are treated as follows:
if a participant's death or disability (as defined under internal revenue code section 409a) occurs while
●  employed, unvested rsus vest immediately and will be settled within 60 days.
if a participant's death or disability (as defined under internal revenue code section 409a) occurs while
●  employed, unvested stock options vest immediately. vested stock options may be exercised within the shorter of one year or the remaining term.
vested ltip awards are payable to the officer's designated beneficiary(ies) in the case of death, or otherwise in accordance with the officer's instructions or by law.
stip if an officer's employment is terminated due to death or disability before december 31 of the stip performance year, a prorated portion of the target stip award will become payable to the officer, or, in the case of death, to the officer's beneficiary(ies), by the former employer and at the same time as stip payments are made to active employees.
the utility peo's 2018 total compensation was $1,727,251. the total compensation of the median employee was
$177,765. the ratio of peo pay to median worker pay for the utility was 10:1.
joint proxy statement, given that since december 31, 2017, there have been no changes to either company's employee population or employee compensation arrangements that would result in significant changes to the pay ratio disclosure. to identify the "median employee" on december 31, 2017, medicare wages from tax records were utilized to make the initial identification. at that time, of the companies' total of 23,361 employees, an insignificant number (24) were employed by pg&e corporation, so the same employee was used as the "median employee" for both pg&e corporation and the utility in 2017 and again in 2018. after identifying the median employee, all the elements of compensation, including cash compensation and change in pension value, for 2018 were combined in accordance with the requirements of item 402(c)(2)(x) of sec regulation s-k.
as of december 31, 2018, three individuals concurrently served as peos of the utility: jesus soto, senior vice president, gas operations; steven malnight, senior vice president, energy supply and policy; and patrick hogan, senior vice president, electric operations. to reflect this structure, peo compensation was calculated as the average compensation provided to messrs. soto, malnight, and hogan. because these three individuals assumed the shared duties of peo on september 1, 2018, peo compensation, specifically salary and non-equity incentive plan compensation, was annualized to project the amount of compensation that would have been earned if each of the peos had been in his position for the full year.
these ratios are reasonable estimates calculated in a manner consistent with item 402(u) of regulation s-k.
│  item 12. security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management and related stockholder matters        │
principal shareholders the following table presents certain information regarding shareholders that pg&e corporation and the utility know are beneficial owners of more than 5 percent of any class of voting securities of the corporation or the utility as of april 24, 2019 (except as noted below).
stonehill capital pacific gas and electric company first  management llc, et al.                   672,126  -3    6.5%
(1)  the utility's common stock and preferred stock vote together as a single class. each share is entitled to one vote.
(2)  as of april 24, 2019, the corporation held 100% of the issued and outstanding shares of utility common stock, and no utility preferred shares.
the information relates to beneficial ownership as of january 28, 2019, as reported in a schedule 13g filed with the sec on february 7, 2019 by
(3)  stonehill capital management llc ("stonehill") and the following individuals, all of whom share voting and dispositive power with respect to the shares: john motulsky. christopher wilson, jonathan sacks, peter sisitsky, michael thoyer, michael stern and samir arora.
the information relates to beneficial ownership as of december 31, 2018, as reported in an amended schedule 13g filed with the sec on february 11,
2019 by the vanguard group, inc. ("vanguard"). for these purposes, vanguard has sole voting power with
(4)  respect to 695,977 shares of pg&e corporation common stock, shared voting power with respect to 251,229
shares, sole dispositive power with respect to 46,685,227 shares, and shared dispositive power with respect to 838,686 shares of pg&e corporation common stock held by vanguard.
security ownership of management the following table sets forth the number of shares of pg&e corporation common stock beneficially owned (as defined in the rules of the sec) as of april 15, 2019 by the directors, the nominees for director, the neos, and all directors and executive officers of pg&e corporation and the utility as a group. as of april 15, 2019, no listed individual owned shares of any class of utility securities. the table also sets forth common stock equivalents credited to the accounts of directors and executive officers under the corporation's deferred compensation and equity plans. directors and section 16 officers of the corporation and the utility may not engage in any hedging or monetization transactions that limit or eliminate the officer's ability to profit from an increase in the value of company stock, and generally are prohibited from pledging company stock as collateral for a loan.
all utility directors and executive          809,208    *                   13,313    822,521
(1)  below, the listed individuals have sole voting and investment power over the shares shown in this column. voting power includes the power to direct the voting of the shares held, and investment power includes the power to direct the disposition of the shares held.
48,679 shares, all pg&e corporation directors and executive officers as a group 213,763 shares, and all utility directors and executive officers as a group 213,763 shares. no reported shares are pledged.
this column includes the following shares of pg&e corporation common stock that the individuals have the right to acquire within 60 days of april
(2)  thomason 2,118 shares, mr. simon 14,663 shares, mr. stavropoulos 19,550 shares, all pg&e corporation directors and executive officers as a group 136,036 shares, and all utility directors and executive officers as a group 151,351 shares.
these individuals have neither voting power nor investment power with respect to these shares unless and until they are purchased through the exercise of the options or, with respect to the phantom stock awards, settled in shares of pg&e corporation common stock, under the terms of the 2006 ltip and the 2014 ltip.
this column reflects the number of stock units that were purchased by listed individuals through salary and other compensation deferrals or that were awarded under equity compensation plans. the value of each stock unit is equal to the value of a share of
(4)  pg&e corporation common stock and fluctuates daily based on the market price of pg&e corporation common stock. the listed individuals who own these stock units share the same market risk as pg&e corporation shareholders, although they do not have voting rights with respect to these stock units.
(5)  mielle, ms. moore, mr. mullins, ms. schmidt and mr. wolff are directors and director nominees of both pg&e corporation and the utility. mr. johnson is a director nominee of both pg&e corporation and the utility.
(6)   summary compensation table as neos of both pg&e corporation and the utility. mr. hogan and mr. thomason are included in the summary compensation table as neos of the utility only.
(7)   ms. williams, mr. malnight, mr. hogan, and mr. stavropoulos were neos during 2018 but are no longer with pg&e corporation or the utility.
(8)   capital, llc, a family investment partnership, (iii) 4,150 shares of pg&e corporation common stock held by an entity owned by members of mr. leffell's immediate family and (iv) 955 shares of pg&e corporation common stock held in accounts owned by members of mr. leffell's immediate family. mr. leffell has sole voting and investment power over all such shares.
(10)  laura liang are trustees. in his capacity as a trustee together with laura liang, mr. liang has sole voting and investment power over all such shares.
table of contents equity compensation plan information the following table provides information as of december 31, 2018 concerning shares of pg&e corporation common stock authorized for issuance under pg&e corporation's existing equity compensation plans.
number of securities
(a)                                                            remaining number of                                                      available for securities to                         (b)                      future issuance be                               weighted                      under equity issued upon                       average                      compensation exercise                   exercise price                      plans ofoutstanding              of outstanding                      (excluding options,                         options,                      securities warrants and                 warrants and                      reflected in plan category                rights                             rights                      column (a))
equity compensation plans approved    6,607,418                   -1    $            41.25    -2    15,150,532                   -3
by shareholders equity compensation plans not                 -                                          -                   -
approved by shareholders total equity compensation      6,607,418                   -1    $            41.25    -2    15,150,532                   -3
includes 9,699 phantom stock units, 2,041,071 restricted stock units and 3,030,422 performance shares. the weighted average exercise price reported in column (b) does not take these awards into account. for performance shares, amounts reflected in this table assume payout in shares at 200% of target or, for performance shares granted in 2016, reflects the actual payout percentage of 0%
(1)  safety and affordability metrics. the actual number of shares issued can range from 0% to 200% of target depending on achievement of performance objectives. also, restricted stock units and performance shares are generally settled in net shares. upon vesting, shares with a value equal to required tax withholding will be withheld and, in lieu of issuing the shares, taxes will be paid on behalf of employees. shares not issued due to share withholding or performance achievement below maximum will be available again for issuance.
represents the total number of shares available for issuance under all pg&e corporation's equity compensation plans as of december 31, 2018.
stock-based awards granted under these plans include restricted stock units, performance shares and phantom stock units. the 2014 ltip, which became effective on may 12, 2014, authorizes up to 17 million
(3)  shares to be issued pursuant to awards granted under the 2014 ltip. in addition, 5.5 million shares related to awards outstanding under the 2006
were cancelled, forfeited or expired and became available for issuance under the 2014 ltip.
for more information, see note 5 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of the original filing.
│  item 13. certain relationships and related transactions, and director independence                             │
related party transactions approval policies the boards of pg&e corporation and the utility each adopted a written policy (the companies' related party transaction policy ("policy")) which generally requires audit committee approval or ratification of transactions that would require disclosure under item 404(a) of regulation s-k under the securities exchange act of 1934 ("item
404(a)"), except that the policy has a lower dollar threshold than item 404(a).
under the policy, at the first meeting of each year, each company's audit committee reviews, approves, and/or ratifies related party transactions (other than the types of transactions that are excluded from disclosure under item 404(a), as described below) with values exceeding $10,000 in which either company participates and in which any "related party" has a material direct or indirect interest. for these purposes, "related party" generally includes (1) any director, nominee for director, or executive officer, (2) holders of greater than 5 percent of that company's voting securities, and (3) those parties' immediate family members.
after the annual review and approval of related party transactions, if either company wishes to enter into a new related party transaction, then that transaction must be either pre-approved or ratified by the applicable audit committee. if a transaction is not ratified in accordance with the policy, management will make all reasonable efforts to cancel or annul that transaction.
where it is not practical or desirable to wait until the next audit committee meeting to obtain approval or ratification, the chair of the applicable audit committee may elect to approve a particular related party transaction. if the chair of the applicable audit committee has an interest in the proposed related party transaction, then that transaction may be reviewed and approved by another independent and disinterested member of the applicable audit committee. in either case, the individual approving the transaction must report such approval to the full committee at the next regularly scheduled meeting.
when reviewing any related party transaction, the audit committees consider whether the transaction is on terms comparable to those that could be obtained in arm's-length dealings with an unrelated third party. the policy also requires that each audit committee disclose to the respective board any material related party transactions.
as provided in item 404(a), the following types of transactions are excluded:
●  transactions where the rates or charges are determined by competitive bids, transactions for the rendering of services as a common or contract carrier, or public utility, at rates or
●  charges fixed in conformity with law or governmental authority, transactions for services as a bank depository of funds, transfer agent, registrar, trustee under a trust
●  benefits received on a pro rata basis by holders of pg&e corporation or utility securities, transactions where the individual's interest arises solely (1) from such person's position as a director of another corporation or organization which is a party to the transaction, (2) from the direct or indirect ownership
●  of such person and a specific group (consisting of directors, nominees for director, and executive officers of the corporation, or any member of their immediate families), in the aggregate, of less than a 10 percent equity interest in another person (other than a partnership) that is a party to the transaction, or (3) from both such position and ownership, transactions where the individual's interest arises solely from the holding of an equity interest (including a limited
●  partnership interest, but excluding a general partnership interest) or a creditor interest in another person that is party to the transaction with pg&e corporation, the utility, or any of their respective subsidiaries or affiliates, and the transaction is not material to such other person, transactions where the individual's interest arises only from such person's position as a limited partner in a
●  partnership engaged in a transaction with pg&e corporation or the utility, in which the individual's interest (when aggregated with any other related parties) is less than 10 percent and the individual does not serve as a general partner of, nor hold another position in, the partnership, an employment relationship or transaction involving an executive officer of the respective company (and any
●  related compensation resulting solely from that relationship or transaction), if the compensation is reported pursuant to regulation s-k, item 402,
table of contents an employment relationship or transaction involving an executive officer of the respective company (and any related compensation resulting solely from that relationship or transaction), if the compensation would have been reported pursuant to regulation s-k, item 402 as compensation earned for services if that individual were an
●  executive officer named in the summary compensation table, and such compensation had been approved or recommended to the board by the pg&e corporation compensation committee (and the executive officer is not an immediate family member of another related party), or compensation provided to a director, provided that such compensation is reported pursuant to regulation s-k,
●  item
since january 1, 2018, all related party transactions have been approved or ratified by the applicable audit committee in accordance with this policy.
related person transactions since january 1, 2018, one provider of asset management services in excess of $120,000 has been beneficial owner of at least 5 percent of pg&e corporation common stock: the vanguard group, inc. ("vanguard"). vanguard (including its affiliates), provided asset management services to grantor trusts associated with certain of the companies' non-
qualified and deferred income benefit plans, and to the pg&e corporation foundation. in exchange for these services, vanguard earned approximately $143,000 in fees during 2018. the services were (1) approved by the pg&e corporation audit committee, and (2) subject to terms comparable to those that could be obtained in arm's-length dealings with an unrelated third party. pg&e corporation expects that vanguard will continue to provide similar services and products in the future, at similar levels, in the normal course of business operations.
kathy thomason is employed by the utility as a business finance analyst, expert, and she is the spouse of david s.
thomason, who is vice president, chief financial officer, and controller of the utility. since january 1, 2018, ms.
thomason received compensation and related payments and benefits from the utility with a value of approximately
$120,000. any payments to ms. thomason for services rendered during 2019 are expected to be similar in nature and value to payments provided during 2018, consistent with the utility's policies and practices that apply to employee compensation generally.
director independence on both pg&e corporation's board and the utility's board, at least 75 percent of the directors are independent, as required by each company's guidelines. the definitions of "independence" are identical for each company, are set forth in each company's guidelines, and reflect applicable nyse definitions.
as of april 30, 2019, all of pg&e corporation's directors also are independent as defined by the nyse. the utility board is exempt from nyse american rules requiring that at least a majority of the directors meet the stock exchange's definition of "independent director" because pg&e corporation holds approximately 96 percent of the voting power of the utility and the utility is a "controlled" subsidiary.
the boards of the corporation and the utility have determined that each of the following directors is independent according to the applicable company's guidelines: richard r. barrera, jeffrey l. bleich, nora mead brownell, frederick w. buckman, cheryl f. campbell, fred j. fowler, michael j. leffell, kenneth liang, dominique mielle, meridee a. moore, eric d. mullins, kristine m. schmidt, and alejandro d. wolff. pg&e corporation and the utility also have determined that from january 1, 2018 to the date of this amendment no. 1, each of the following past directors was independent while serving on the boards, according to the applicable company's guidelines: lewis chew, jeh c. johnson, richard c. kelly, roger h. kimmel, richard a. meserve, forrest e. miller, benito minicucci, rosendo g. parra, barbara l. rambo, and anne shen smith. (jeh c. johnson, who resigned as a director of the utility on december 7, 2017, served on the board of the corporation as of january 1, 2018 but did not stand for reelection at the corporation's 2018 annual meeting of shareholders and served through the last day of his term, may 22, 2018.
roger h. kimmel served on the boards of the corporation and the utility but resigned from both boards on january
in assessing each director's independence, the companies considered transactions between pg&e corporation or the utility and their respective directors, and their immediate family members, and certain entities with which the directors or their immediate family members were affiliated. these transactions primarily involved (a) the utility's provision of utility services at rates or charges fixed in conformity with law or governmental authority and (b) membership fees paid to a non-profit entity affiliated with one of the companies' directors (in amounts below the $10,000 threshold for audit committee review pursuant to the companies' related party transaction policy), which the boards determined were not material and did not affect the director's independence.
table of contents each of the audit committees, the compensation committee, and the nominating and governance committee is composed entirely of independent directors, as defined in the applicable company's guidelines and the committee's charters.
in addition, the audit committees, the compensation committee, and the nominating and governance committee are composed entirely of independent directors, as required and defined by the nyse. because the utility is a
"controlled" subsidiary of pg&e corporation for purposes of the nyse american standards, the utility is not subject to nyse american rules that otherwise would require that the utility's board committees responsible for executive compensation and governance be comprised of "independent" directors, as defined by nyse american, and would impose requirements on the utility's director nomination and compensation-setting processes.
each member of the audit committees and each member of the compensation committee also satisfies heightened independence standards established by sec rules and applicable stock exchange requirements regarding independence of audit committee members and compensation committee members.
│  item 14. principal accountant fees and services                                                                │
selection and oversight of the independent auditor each audit committee is responsible for the appointment, replacement, compensation, and oversight of the work of the independent auditor. the audit committees review the scope of the audit, including the terms of the engagement.
the independent auditor reports directly to the audit committees; at each audit committee meeting, the independent auditor meets separately with the audit committees, without management present.
annually, each audit committee also evaluates the independence, qualifications, and performance of the independent auditor, taking into account the opinions of management and the internal auditors. to ensure continuing independence of the independent auditor, the audit committees also consider whether there should be rotation of the independent auditor. in accordance with sec rules, the lead audit partner may provide a maximum number of five consecutive years of service to the companies. consistent with that requirement, deloitte & touche assigned a new lead auditor to lead the integrated audit of pg&e corporation's and the utility's financial statements, starting in
2017. the audit committees reviewed and evaluated the new lead auditor as part of its annual process for reviewing the independent auditor.
for 2019, the audit committees selected deloitte & touche as the companies' independent auditor, following consideration of the following factors and criteria: (1) status as a registered public accounting firm and is subject to oversight by the public company accounting oversight board; (2) status as a "big four" public accounting firm, nationally and internationally recognized as an expert in accounting and auditing; (3) having one of the largest utility practices of the "big four" public accounting firms; (4) having made a strong commitment to supporting supplier diversity; (5) having significant experience with the companies; and (6) having an experienced team, including the lead partner, familiar with the industry, assigned to the companies' engagements. the audit committees also considered (1) deloitte & touche's quality control report, (2) deloitte & touche's discussion of its independence, and (3) a review of deloitte & touche's proposed audit plan (including draft engagement letter)
although deloitte & touche has been the companies' independent auditor since 1999, in 2015 and at the audit committees' direction, the companies solicited bids from accounting firms to conduct the external audits of the companies' financial statements for the year ending december 31, 2016. the bids were evaluated by the auditor selection committee, which was comprised of members from the companies' accounting, internal auditing, regulatory, operational, sourcing, and legal functions. the bids were evaluated with respect to four key factors: firm capabilities and background, firm resources and audit plan, supplier diversity plans, and pricing. upon consideration of the information provided by the auditor selection committee, each audit committee appointed deloitte & touche as the independent auditor for the year ending december 31, 2016.
fees paid to the independent auditor during 2018 and 2017
the audit committees have reviewed the audit and non-audit fees that pg&e corporation, the utility, and their respective controlled subsidiaries have paid to the independent auditor (including subsidiaries and affiliates), in order to consider whether the nature and relative value of those fees are compatible with maintaining the firm's independence.
(amounts include fees billed to the utility and its subsidiaries shown in table 2 below)
audit fees          $5.505 million  $4.67 million audit-related fees  $0.245 million  $0.15 million tax fees                        $0             $0
table 2: fees billed to the utility and its subsidiaries
audit fees          $4.896 million  $3.94 million audit-related fees  $0.245 million  $0.15 million tax fees                        $0             $0
table of contents audit fees audit fees billed for 2018 and 2017 relate to services rendered by deloitte & touche and its affiliates in connection with reviews of quarterly reports on form 10-q, certain limited procedures on registration statements, the audits of the annual financial statements of pg&e corporation and its subsidiaries and the utility and its subsidiaries, the audits of both pg&e corporation's and the utility's internal control over financial reporting, as required by section 404 of the sarbanes-oxley act, and support for statutory or regulatory filings or engagements and regulators' reviews of auditor workpapers.
audit-related fees audit-related fees billed in 2018 and 2017 relate to services rendered by deloitte & touche and its affiliates for nuclear decommissioning trust audits, consultations on financial accounting and reporting standards, required agreed-upon procedure reports related to contractual obligations of the utility and its subsidiaries, advice regarding proposed transactions, advice regarding adoption of new accounting pronouncements, training, and advice concerning internal controls surrounding new applications, systems, or activities.
tax fees deloitte & touche and its affiliates provided no services in this category during 2018 and 2017.
all other fees deloitte & touche and its affiliates provided no services in this category during 2018 and 2017.
obtaining services from the independent auditor annual review and pre-approval of services for each fiscal year, each audit committee approves a list of services that will be obtained during that year by the applicable company and its controlled subsidiaries and affiliates from the independent auditor (including its affiliates). the approved services generally are consistent with the descriptions below:
category                  description audit and review of annual and quarterly financial statements, expressing opinions on the conformity of the audited financial statements with generally accepted accounting principles, auditing audit services            management's assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, and services that only the independent auditor reasonably can provide
(e.g., comfort letters, statutory and regulatory audits, attest services, consents, assistance with and review of documents filed with the sec, and assistance with new accounting standards, laws, and regulations).
assurance and related services that traditionally are performed by the independent auditor (e.g., agreed-upon procedure audit-related services    reports related to contractual obligations and financing activities, consulting regarding accounting pronouncements, nuclear decommissioning trust audits, and attest services).
advice relating to compliance, tax strategy, tax appeals, and specialized tax issues, tax services              all of which also must be permitted under the sarbanes-oxley act.
non-audit services        none.
the audit committees also approve maximum fee amounts for each approved service.
as part of the review process, the audit committees assess, among other things, the impact of that service on the independent auditor's independence.
during 2018, management adopted a policy of retaining d&t, deloitte consulting, or their subsidiaries or affiliate
(together, "deloitte") for non-audit services only if the services (1) do not impair d&t's independence, in fact or appearance, and are permitted by any rules regarding auditor independence, and (2) when aggregated, total amounts paid per year by the companies to deloitte for "tax service" and "other services" (non-audit services) will be no more than 20 percent of the expected amounts that the companies will pay to deloitte for "audit services" and
"audit-related services."
table of contents mid-year monitoring and approval of additional services during the year, management periodically updates each audit committee as to the extent to which the approved services have already been provided. the audit committees also must approve (1) any proposed new services that were not approved during the annual review, and (2) any increase in authorized fee amounts for previously approved services.
delegation of pre-approval authority each audit committee has delegated to its committee chair, or to any other independent committee member if the chair is not available, the authority to pre-approve services provided by the applicable company's independent auditor. these pre-approvals must be presented to the full audit committee at the next regularly scheduled committee meeting.
during 2018 and 2017, all services provided by deloitte & touche to pg&e corporation, the utility, and their consolidated affiliates were approved consistent with the applicable pre-approval procedures.
│  item 15. exhibits and financial statement schedules                                                            │
consolidated statements of equity for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017, and 2016 for pg&e corporation.
consolidated statements of shareholders' equity for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017, and 2016 for pacific gas and electric company.
quarterly consolidated financial data (unaudited).
reports of independent registered public accounting firm (deloitte & touche llp).
3. exhibits required by item 601 of regulation s-k exhibit number    exhibit description restated articles of incorporation of pg&e corporation effective as of may 29, 2002
3.1               (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-q for the quarter ended march 31, 2003 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 3.1)
3.2               2000 (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2000 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 3.2)
8-k dated april 12, 2004 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit 3)
4.1               of new york mellon trust company, n.a. (incorporated by reference to pacific gas and electric company's form 8-k dated august 6, 2018 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit 4.1)
6, 2018 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit 4.2)
4.3     indenture, dated as of march 23, 2004, and a second supplemental indenture, dated as of april 12, 2004, between pacific gas and electric company and the bank of new york trust company, n.a. (incorporated by reference to pacific gas and electric company's form 10-q for the quarter ended march 31, 2005 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit 4.1)
14, 2007 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit 4.1)
(file no. 1-2348), exhibit 4.1)
8-k dated october 21, 2008 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit 4.1)
4.7     principal amount of pacific gas and electric company's 8.25% senior notes due october 15, 2018 (incorporated by reference to pacific gas and electric company's form 8-k dated november 18, 2008 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit 4.1)
8-k dated march 6, 2009 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit 4.1)
4.9     aggregate principal amount of pacific gas and electric company's floating rate senior notes due june 10, 2010 (incorporated by reference to pacific gas and electric company's form 8-k dated june 11, 2009 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit 4.1)
5.40% senior notes due january 15, 2040 (incorporated by reference to pacific gas and electric company's form 8-k dated november 18, 2009 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit 4.1)
4.11    aggregate principal amount of its 5.80% senior notes due march 1, 2037
1-2348), exhibit 4.1)
3.50% senior notes due october 1, 2020 (incorporated by reference to pacific gas and electric company's form 8-k dated september 15, 2010 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit 4.1)
4.13    3.50% senior notes due october 1, 2020 and $250,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 5.40% senior notes due january 15, 2040 (incorporated by reference to pacific gas and electric company's form 8-k dated november 18, 2010 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit 4.1)
senior notes due may 15, 2021 (incorporated by reference to pacific gas and electric company's form 8-k dated may 13, 2011 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit 4.1)
3.25% senior notes due september 15, 2021 (incorporated by reference to pacific gas and electric company's form 8-k dated september 12, 2011 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit 4.1)
4.50% senior notes due december 15, 2041 (incorporated by reference to pacific gas and electric company's form 8-k dated december 1, 2011 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit 4.1)
4.45% senior notes due april 15, 2042 (incorporated by reference to pacific gas and electric company's form 8-k dated april 16, 2012 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit 4.1)
4.18    2.45% senior notes due august 15, 2022 and $350,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 3.75% senior notes due august 15, 2042 (incorporated by reference to pacific gas and electric company's form 8-k dated august 16, 2012 (file no.
1-2348), exhibit 4.1)
4.19    3.25% senior notes due june 15, 2023 and $375,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 4.60% senior notes due june 15, 2043 (incorporated by reference to pacific gas and electric company's form 8-k dated june 14, 2013 (file no.
1-2348), exhibit 4.1)
4.20    3.85% senior notes due november 15, 2023 and $500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 5.125%
(file no. 1-2348), exhibit 4.1)
4.21    company's 3.75% senior notes due february 15, 2024 and $450,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its
2014 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit 4.1)
4.22    3.40% senior notes due august 15, 2024 and $225,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 4.75% senior notes due february 15, 2044 (incorporated by reference to pacific gas and electric company's form 8-k dated august 18, 2014 (file no.
1-2348), exhibit 4.1)
4.23    $500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of pacific gas and electric company's 4.30% senior notes due march 15, 2045 (incorporated by reference to pacific gas and electric company's form 8-k dated november 6, 2014 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit 4.1)
4.24    3.50% senior notes due june 15, 2025 and $100,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 4.30% senior notes due march 15, 2045 (incorporated by reference to pacific gas and electric company's form 8-k dated june 12, 2015 (file no.
1-2348), exhibit 4.1)
4.25    3.50% senior notes due june 15, 2025 and $450,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 4.25% senior notes due march 15, 2046 (incorporated by reference to pacific gas and electric company's form 8-k dated november 5, 2015 (file no.
1-2348), exhibit 4.1)
2.95% senior notes due march 1, 2026 (incorporated by reference to pacific gas and electric company's form 8-k dated march 1, 2016 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit 4.1)
4.27    company's floating rate senior notes due november 30, 2017 and $400,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 4.00% senior notes due december 1, 2046 (incorporated by reference to pacific gas and electric company's form 8-k dated december 1, 2016 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit 4.1)
4.28    3.30% senior notes due march 15, 2027 and $200,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 4.00% senior notes due december 1, 2046 (incorporated by reference to pacific gas and electric company's form 8-k dated march 10, 2017 (file no.
1-2348), exhibit 4.1)
4.29    notes due november 28, 2018, $1,150,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 3.30% senior notes due december 1, 2027 and $850,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 3.95% senior notes due december 1,
2047 (incorporated by reference to pacific gas and electric company's form 8-k dated november 29, 2017 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit 4.1)
4.30    association (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form s-3 dated february 11, 2014 (file no. 333-193880), exhibit 4.1)
2014 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 4.1)
registration rights agreement, dated as of august 6, 2018, among pacific gas and electric company, goldman sachs & co. llc, mizuho securities usa llc, rbc capital
4.32    markets, llc and smbc nikko securities america, inc., as representatives of the initial purchasers
(incorporated by reference to pacific gas and electric company's form 8-k dated august 6, 2018 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit 4.5)
senior secured superpriority debtor-in-possession credit, guaranty and security agreement, dated as of february 1, 2019, among pacific gas and electric company, pg&e
10.1    corporation, the financial institutions from time to time party thereto, as lenders and issuing lenders, jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., as administrative agent, and citibank, n.a., as collateral agent
(incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 8-k dated february 1, 2019 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.1)
second amended and restated credit agreement, dated as of april 27, 2015, among (1) pg&e corporation, as borrower, (2) bank of america, n.a., as administrative agent and a lender, (3) merrill lynch, pierce, fenner & smith incorporated, citigroup global markets inc., j.p. morgan securities llc, and wells fargo securities llc, as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners, (4) citibank n.a. and jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., as co-syndication agents and lenders, (5) wells fargo bank, national
10.2    association, as documentation agent and lender, and (6) the following other lenders: barclays bank plc, bnp paribas, goldman sachs bank usa, morgan stanley bank, n.a., morgan stanley senior funding, inc., the bank of new york mellon, n.a., mizuho corporate bank, ltd., royal bank of canada, u.s. bank, national association, mufg union bank, n.a., td bank, n.a., canadian imperial bank of commerce, new york branch, and sumitomo mitsui banking corporation (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-q for the quarter ended march 31, 2015 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.1)
second amended and restated credit agreement dated as of april 27, 2015, among (1) pacific gas and electric company, as borrower, (2) citibank n.a., as administrative agent and a lender, (3) merrill lynch, pierce, fenner & smith incorporated, citigroup global markets inc., j.p. morgan securities llc, and wells fargo securities llc, as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners, (4) bank of america, n.a. and jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., as co-syndication agents and lenders, (5) wells fargo bank, national association, as documentation agent and lender, and (6) the following other lenders: barclays
10.3    bank plc, bnp paribas, goldman sachs bank usa, morgan stanley bank, n.a., morgan stanley senior funding, inc., the bank of new york mellon, n.a., mizuho corporate bank, ltd., royal bank of canada, u.s. bank national association, mufg union bank, n.a., td bank, n.a., canadian imperial bank of commerce, new york branch, and sumitomo mitsui banking corporation
31, 2015 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit
69 table of contents term loan agreement, dated as of april 16, 2018, by and among pg&e corporation, the several banks and other financial institutions or entities from time to time parties
10.4      thereto, mizuho bank, ltd., royal bank of canada and sumitomo mitsui banking corporation, as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners and mizuho bank, ltd., as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 8-k dated april 16, 2018 (file no. 001-12609), exhibit 10.1)
term loan agreement, dated as of february 23, 2018, by and among pacific gas and electric company, the several banks and other financial institutions or entities from time to time parties thereto, the bank of tokyo-mitsubishi ufj, ltd. and u.s. bank national association,
10.5      as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners and the bank of tokyo-mitsubishi ufj, ltd, as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to pacific gas and electric company's form 8-k dated february 23, 2018 (file no.
001-02348), exhibit 10.1)
10.6      of tokyo-mitsubishi ufj, ltd. (incorporated by reference to pacific gas and electric company's form 8-k dated march 2, 2016 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit 10.1)
term loan agreement, dated as of february 23, 2017, by and among pacific gas and electric company, the several banks and other financial institutions or entities from time to time parties thereto, the bank of tokyo-mitsubishi ufj, ltd. and u.s. bank national association,
10.7      as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners and the bank of tokyo-mitsubishi ufj, ltd, as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to pacific gas and electric company's form 8-k dated february 23, 2017 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit 10.1)
& co. llc, mizuho securities usa llc, rbc capital markets, llc and
10.8      smbc nikko securities america, inc. as representatives of the initial purchasers listed on schedules i-a and i-b thereto (incorporated by reference to pacific gas and electric company's form 8-k dated august 6, 2018 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit 10.1)
purchase agreement, dated as of november  27, 2017, among pacific gas and electric company and barclays capital inc., citigroup global markets inc., j.p. morgan securities
10.9      llc, merrill lynch, pierce, fenner & smith incorporated and morgan stanley  & co. llc, as representatives of the initial purchasers listed on schedules i-a, i-b and i-c thereto (incorporated by reference to pacific gas and electric company's form 8-k dated november 29, 2017 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit 10.1)
settlement agreement among the california public utilities commission, pacific gas and electric
10.10     company and pg&e corporation, dated as of december 19, 2003, together with appendices (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's and pacific gas and electric company's form 8-k dated december 22, 2003 (file no. 1-12609 and file no. 1-2348), exhibit 99)
1-12609 and file no. 1-2348), exhibit 10.8)
restricted stock unit agreement between nickolas stavropoulos and pg&e corporation for additional
(file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.16)
restricted stock unit agreement between nickolas stavropoulos and pg&e corporation for non-annual
(incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2017 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.08)
restricted stock unit agreement between geisha j. williams and pg&e corporation for additional 2015
(incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2015 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.17)
restricted stock unit agreement between john r. simon and pg&e corporation for additional 2015 grant
(incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2015 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.18)
10.16  *  2015 for employment starting may 18, 2015 (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2015 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.4)
70 table of contents restricted stock unit agreement between julie m. kane and pg&e corporation dated may 29, 2015 for
(file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.5)
long-term incentive plan (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2015 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.7)
performance share agreement subject to safety and customer affordability goals between julie m. kane
10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2015 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.8)
restricted stock unit agreement between dinyar mistry and pg&e corporation dated february 23, 2016
10.20  *  (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-q for the quarter ended march 31, 2016 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.2)
10.21  *  (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2018 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.21)
10.22  *  (incorporated by reference to pacific gas and electric company's form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2018 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit 10.22)
10.23  *  thomason dated may 24, 2016 (incorporated by reference to pacific gas and electric company's form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2016 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit 10.2)
non-annual restricted stock unit award agreement between pg&e corporation and david s. thomason dated
10.24  *  august 8, 2016 (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2016 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.1)
10.25  *  corporation dated august 8, 2016 (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2016 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.2)
performance share award agreement subject to safety and customer affordability goals between david s.
1-12609), exhibit 10.3)
non-annual restricted stock unit award agreement between pg&e corporation and janet loduca dated
10.27  *  december 3, 2018 (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2018 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.27)
non-annual restricted stock unit award agreement between pg&e corporation and steven e. malnight
10.28  *  dated september 4, 2018 (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2018 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.02)
non-annual restricted stock unit award agreement between pg&e corporation and kathleen b. kay dated
10.29  *  september 4, 2018 (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2018 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.03)
non-annual restricted stock unit award agreement between pg&e corporation and laurie m. giammona
10.30  *  dated june 27, 2018 (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2018 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.02)
non-annual restricted stock unit award agreement between pg&e corporation and jesus soto dated june
10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2018 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.03)
10.32  *  frozen after december 31, 2004 (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2004) (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.10)
10.33  *  (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2015 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.3)
10.34  *  1, 2005 (as amended to comply with internal revenue code section
409a regulations effective as of january 1, 2009) (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2008 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.24)
10.35  *  effective as of july 22, 1998 (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 1998 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.2)
description of short-term incentive plan for officers of pg&e corporation and its subsidiaries,
10.36  *  effective january 1, 2018 (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-q for the quarter ended march 31, 2018 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.03)
description of short-term incentive plan for officers of pg&e corporation and its subsidiaries,
10.37  *  effective january 1, 2017 (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-q for the quarter ended march 31, 2017 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.2)
10.38  *  january 1, 2009 (amendment to comply with internal revenue code section
409a regulations) (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2008 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.27)
10.39  *  effective january 1, 2009 (amendment to comply with internal revenue code section 409a regulations) (incorporated by reference to pacific gas and electric company's form
10-k for the year ended december 31, 2008 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit 10.28)
10.40  *  (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2012 (file no. 1-12609, exhibit 10.31)
10.41  *  september 17, 2013 (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2013 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.2)
10.42  *  reference to pacific gas and electric company's form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2015 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit 10.38)
10.43  *  effective february 16, 2016 (incorporated by reference to pacific gas and electric company's form 10-q for the quarter ended march 31, 2016 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit 10.4)
10.44  *  effective february 6, 2015 (incorporated by reference to pacific gas and electric company's form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2014) (file no. 1-2348), exhibit 10.37)
10.45  *  on february 14, 2012 (incorporated by reference to pacific gas and electric company's form 10-q for the quarter ended march 31, 2012 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit 10.7)
(file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.27)
10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.54)
10.48  *  reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2012 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.40)
10.49  *  performance unit plan), as amended effective as of may 16, 2001
(incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2001 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10)
form of restricted stock unit agreement for 2018 grants to non-employee directors under the pg&e
10.50  *  corporation 2014 long-term inventive plan (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2018 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.04)
form of restricted stock unit agreement for 2018 grants under the pg&e corporation 2014 long-term
10.51  *  incentive plan (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-q for the quarter ended march 31, 2018 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.07)
72 table of contents form of restricted stock unit agreement for 2017 grants to non-employee directors under the pg&e
10.52  *  corporation 2014 long-term incentive plan (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2017 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.07)
form of restricted stock unit agreement for 2016 grants to non-employee directors under the pg&e
10.53  *  corporation 2014 long-term incentive plan (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2016 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.1)
form of restricted stock unit agreement for 2017 grants under the pg&e corporation 2014 long-term
10.54  *  incentive plan (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2017 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.01)
form of restricted stock unit agreement for 2016 grants under the pg&e corporation 2014 long-term
10.55  *  incentive plan (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2016 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.55)
form of restricted stock unit agreement for 2015 grants under the pg&e corporation 2014 long-term
10.56  *  incentive plan (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-q for the quarter ended march 31, 2015 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.4)
10.57  *  plan (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-q for the quarter ended march 31, 2018 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.08)
10.58  *  (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 8-k dated january 6, 2005 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 99.1)
10.59  *  corporation 2014 long-term incentive plan (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-q for the quarter ended march 31, 2018 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.04)
10.60  *  corporation 2014 long-term incentive plan (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-q for the quarter ended march 31, 2018 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.05)
10.61  *  the pg&e corporation 2014 long-term incentive plan (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-q for the quarter ended march 31, 2018 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.06)
10.62  *  the pg&e corporation 2014 long-term incentive plan (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2017 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.02)
10.63  *  corporation 2014 long-term incentive plan (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2016 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.61)
10.64  *  corporation 2014 long-term incentive plan (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-q for the quarter ended march 31, 2015 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.5)
10.65  *  pg&e corporation 2014 long-term incentive plan (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2017 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.03)
form of performance share agreement subject to safety and customer affordability goals for 2016
(incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2016 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.63)
form of performance share agreement subject to safety and customer affordability goals for 2015
(incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-q for the quarter ended march 31, 2015 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.6)
10.68  *  january 1, 2011 (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2010 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.3)
10.69  *  (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2010 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.2)
10.70    *   (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2014 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.2)
10.71    *   (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2005 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.49)
10.72    *   (amendment to comply with internal revenue code section 409a regulations)
(file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.58)
10.73    *   (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2015 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.01)
10.74    *   (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2015 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 10.2)
10.75    *   policy effective february 21, 2018 (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2018 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit
10.76    *   directors dated december 18, 1996 (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2004 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit
1-2348), exhibit 10.41)
21           subsidiaries of the registrant (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2018 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 21)
pg&e corporation consent of independent registered public accounting firm (deloitte & touche llp)
23.1         (incorporated by reference to pg&e corporation's form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2018 (file no. 1-12609), exhibit 23.1)
23.2         (deloitte & touche llp) (incorporated by reference to pacific gas and electric company's form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2018 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit 23.2)
24           company's form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2018 (file nos. 1-12609 and 1-2348), exhibit 24)
(file no. 1-12609), exhibit 32.1)
(incorporated by reference to pacific gas and electric company's form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2018 (file no. 1-2348), exhibit 32.2)
10-k for the year ended december 31, 2018 (file nos. 1-12609 and 1-2348), exhibit 101.ins)
101.sch      pacific gas and electric company's form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2018 (file nos. 1-12609 and 1-2348), exhibit
1-2348), exhibit 101.cal)
101.lab    and pacific gas and electric company's form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2018 (file nos. 1-12609 and 1-2348), exhibit 101.lab)
1-2348), exhibit 101.pre)
xbrl taxonomy extension definition linkbase document (incorporated by reference to pg&e
1-2348), exhibit 101.def)
**         pursuant to item 601(b)(32) of sec regulation s-k, these exhibits are furnished rather than filed with this report.
table of contents signatures pursuant to the requirements of section 13 or 15(d) of the securities exchange act of 1934, the registrants have duly caused this report to be signed on their behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.
name:             janet c. loduca title:            senior vice president and interim general counsel pacific gas and dated: april 30, 2019  by:  electric company  /s/ linda y.h. cheng
name:             linda y.h. cheng title:            vice president, corporate governance and corporate secretary