item 1a. risk factors the registrants face various risks associated with their businesses. our businesses, financial condition, cash flows or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks. in addition, this report also contains forward-looking and other statements about our businesses that are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties. see "forward-looking information," "item 1. business," "item 7. combined management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" and note 13 to the financial statements for more information concerning the risks described below and for other risks, uncertainties and factors that could impact our businesses and financial results.
as used in this item 1a., the terms "we," "our" and "us" generally refer to ppl and its consolidated subsidiaries taken as a whole, or ppl electric and its consolidated subsidiaries taken as a whole within the pennsylvania regulated segment discussion, or lke and its consolidated subsidiaries taken as a whole within the kentucky regulated segment discussion.
risks related to our u.k. segment our u.k. distribution business contributes a significant amount of ppl's earnings and exposes us to the following additional risks related to operating outside the u.s., including risks associated with changes in u.k. laws and regulations, taxes, economic conditions and political conditions and policies of the u.k. government and the european union. these risks may adversely impact the results of operations of our u.k. distribution business or affect our ability to access u.k. revenues for payment of distributions or for other corporate purposes in the u.s.
•   changes in laws or regulations relating to u.k. operations, including rate regulations beginning in april 2023 under riio-ed2, operational performance and tax laws and regulations;
•   changes in government policies, personnel or approval requirements;
•   changes in general economic conditions affecting the u.k.;
•   regulatory reviews of tariffs for dnos;
•   changes in labor relations;
•   limitations on foreign investment or ownership of projects and returns or distributions to foreign investors;
•   limitations on the ability of foreign companies to borrow money from foreign lenders and lack of local capital or loans;
•   changes in u.s. tax law applicable to taxation of foreign earnings;
•   compliance with u.s. foreign corrupt practices laws; and
ppl's earnings may be adversely affected in the event the u.k. withdraws from the european union.
in 2018, approximately 61% of ppl's net income was generated from its u.k. businesses. significant uncertainty continues to exist concerning the financial, economic and other consequences of a withdrawal by the u.k. from the european union, including the outcome of negotiations between the u.k. and european union as to the terms of the withdrawal. ppl cannot predict the impact, in either the short-term or long-term, on foreign exchange rates or ppl's financial condition that may be experienced as a result of the actions taken by the u.k. government to withdraw from the european union, although such impacts could be material.
we are subject to foreign currency exchange rate risks because a significant portion of our cash flows and reported earnings are currently generated by our u.k. business operations.
these risks relate primarily to changes in the relative value of the british pound sterling and the u.s. dollar between the time we initially invest u.s. dollars in our u.k. businesses, and our strategy to hedge against such changes, and the time that cash is repatriated to the u.s. from the u.k., including cash flows from our u.k. businesses that may be distributed to ppl or used for repayments of intercompany loans or other general corporate purposes. in addition, ppl's consolidated reported earnings on a gaap basis may be subject to earnings translation risk, which is the result of the conversion of earnings as reported in our u.k. businesses on a british pound sterling basis to a u.s. dollar basis in accordance with gaap requirements.
our u.k. segment's earnings are subject to variability based on fluctuations in rpi, which is a measure of inflation.
in riio-ed1, wpd's base revenue was established by ofgem based on 2012/13 prices. base revenue is subsequently adjusted to reflect any increase or decrease in rpi for each year to determine the amount of revenue wpd can collect in tariffs. the rpi is forecasted annually by hm treasury and subject to true-up in subsequent years. consequently, the fluctuations between
forecasted and actual rpi can result in variances in base revenue. although wpd also has debt that is indexed to rpi and certain components of operations and maintenance expense are affected by inflation, these may not offset changes in base revenue and timing of such offsets would likely not be correlated precisely with the calendar year in which the variance in demand revenue was initially incurred. further, as rav is indexed to rpi under u.k. rate regulations, a reduction in rpi could adversely affect a borrower's debt-to-rav ratio, potentially limiting future borrowings at wpd's holding company.
our u.k. delivery business is subject to revenue variability based on operational performance.
our u.k. delivery businesses operate under an incentive-based regulatory framework. managing operational risk and delivering agreed-upon performance are critical to the u.k. regulated segment's financial performance. disruption to these distribution networks could reduce profitability both directly by incurring costs for network restoration and also through the system of penalties and rewards that ofgem administers relating to customer service levels.
our ability to collect current levels of pension deficit funding for certain wpd pension plans after march 2021 is uncertain.
wpd recovers approximately 80% of pension deficit funding for certain of wpd's defined benefit pension plans in conjunction with actual costs under the riio-ed1 price control. the pension deficit is determined by the pension trustees on a triennial basis in accordance with their funding requirements. pension deficit funding recovered in revenues was £147 million, £142 million and £139 million in 2018, 2017 and 2016. wpd expects similar amounts to be collected in revenues through march 31, 2021, but cannot predict amounts that will be collected in revenues beyond then as the plans are approaching a fully funded status. the next triennial pension review will commence in march 2019 and is expected to conclude by the end of 2020.
a failure by any of our u.k. regulated businesses to comply with the terms of a distribution license may lead to the issuance of an enforcement order by ofgem that could have an adverse impact on ppl.
ofgem has powers to levy fines of up to ten percent of revenue for any breach of a distribution license or, in certain circumstances, such as insolvency, the distribution license itself may be revoked. ofgem also has formal powers to propose modifications to each distribution license and there can be no assurance that a restrictive modification will not be introduced in the future, which could have an adverse effect on the operations and financial condition of the u.k. regulated businesses and ppl.
the operation of our businesses is subject to cyber-based security and integrity risks.
numerous functions affecting the efficient operation of our businesses are dependent on the secure and reliable storage, processing and communication of electronic data and the use of sophisticated computer hardware and software systems. the operation of our transmission and distribution systems, as well as our generation plants, are all reliant on cyber-based technologies and, therefore, subject to the risk that these systems could be the target of disruptive actions by terrorists or criminals or otherwise be compromised by unintentional events. as a result, operations could be interrupted, property could be damaged and sensitive customer information lost or stolen, causing us to incur significant losses of revenues, other substantial liabilities and damages, costs to replace or repair damaged equipment and damage to our reputation. in addition, under the energy policy act of 2005, users, owners and operators of the bulk power transmission system, including ppl electric, lg&e and ku, are subject to mandatory reliability standards promulgated by nerc and serc and enforced by ferc. as an operator of natural gas distribution systems, lg&e is also subject to mandatory reliability standards of the u.s. department of transportation. failure to comply with these standards could result in the imposition of fines or civil penalties, and potential exposure to third party claims for alleged violations of the standards.
we are subject to risks associated with federal and state tax laws and regulations.
changes in tax law, including the december 2017 enactment of the tcja, as well as the inherent difficulty in quantifying potential tax effects of business decisions could negatively impact our results of operations and cash flows. we are required to make judgments in order to estimate our obligations to taxing authorities. these tax obligations include income, property, gross receipts, franchise, sales and use, employment-related and other taxes. we also estimate our ability to utilize tax benefits and tax credits. due to the revenue needs of the jurisdictions in which our businesses operate, various tax and fee increases may be proposed or considered. we cannot predict changes in tax law or regulation or the effect of any such changes on our businesses. any such changes could increase tax expense and could have a significant negative impact on our results of operations and
cash flows. we have completed or made reasonable estimates of the effects of the tcja reflected in our december 31, 2018 financial statements, and we continue to evaluate the application of various components of the law in the calculation of income tax expense.
increases in electricity prices and/or a weak economy, can lead to changes in legislative and regulatory policy, including the promotion of energy efficiency, conservation and distributed generation or self-generation, which may adversely impact our business.
energy consumption is significantly impacted by overall levels of economic activity and costs of energy supplies. economic downturns or periods of high energy supply costs can lead to changes in or the development of legislative and regulatory policy designed to promote reductions in energy consumption and increased energy efficiency, alternative and renewable energy sources, and distributed or self-generation by customers. this focus on conservation, energy efficiency and self-generation may result in a decline in electricity demand, which could adversely affect our business.
we could be negatively affected by rising interest rates, downgrades to our credit ratings, adverse credit market conditions or other negative developments in our ability to access capital markets.
in the ordinary course of business, we are reliant upon adequate long-term and short-term financing to fund our significant capital expenditures, debt service and operating needs. as a capital-intensive business, we are sensitive to developments in interest rates, credit rating considerations, insurance, security or collateral requirements, market liquidity and credit availability and refinancing opportunities necessary or advisable to respond to credit market changes. changes in these conditions could result in increased costs and decreased availability of credit. in addition, certain sources of debt and equity capital have expressed reservations about investing in companies that rely on fossil fuels. if sources of our capital are reduced, capital costs could increase materially.
a downgrade in our credit ratings could negatively affect our ability to access capital and increase the cost of maintaining our credit facilities and any new debt.
credit ratings assigned by moody's and s&p to our businesses and their financial obligations have a significant impact on the cost of capital incurred by our businesses. a ratings downgrade could increase our short-term borrowing costs and negatively affect our ability to fund liquidity needs and access new long-term debt at acceptable interest rates. see "item 7. combined management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - financial condition - liquidity and capital resources - ratings triggers" for additional information on the financial impact of a downgrade in our credit ratings.
our operating revenues could fluctuate on a seasonal basis, especially as a result of extreme weather conditions.
our businesses are subject to seasonal demand cycles. for example, in some markets demand for, and market prices of, electricity peak during hot summer months, while in other markets such peaks occur in cold winter months. as a result, our overall operating results may fluctuate substantially on a seasonal basis if weather conditions diverge adversely from seasonal norms.
operating expenses could be affected by weather conditions, including storms, as well as by significant man-made or accidental disturbances, including terrorism or natural disasters.
weather and these other factors can significantly affect our profitability or operations by causing outages, damaging infrastructure and requiring significant repair costs. storm outages and damage often directly decrease revenues and increase expenses, due to reduced usage and restoration costs.
our businesses are subject to physical, market and economic risks relating to potential effects of climate change.
climate change may produce changes in weather or other environmental conditions, including temperature or precipitation levels, and thus may impact consumer demand for electricity. in addition, the potential physical effects of climate change, such as increased frequency and severity of storms, floods, and other climatic events, could disrupt our operations and cause us to incur significant costs to prepare for or respond to these effects. these or other meteorological changes could lead to increased operating costs, capital expenses or power purchase costs. greenhouse gas regulation could increase the cost of electricity, particularly power generated by fossil fuels, and such increases could have a depressive effect on regional economies. reduced economic and consumer activity in our service areas -- both generally and specific to certain industries and consumers accustomed to previously lower cost power -- could reduce demand for the power we generate, market and deliver. also,
demand for our energy-related services could be similarly lowered by consumers' preferences or market factors favoring energy efficiency, low-carbon power sources or reduced electricity usage.
we cannot predict the outcome of legal proceedings or investigations related to our businesses in which we are periodically involved. an unfavorable outcome or determination in any of these matters could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
we are involved in legal proceedings, claims and litigation and periodically are subject to state and federal investigations arising out of our business operations, the most significant of which are summarized in note 7 to the financial statements and in "legal matters," "regulatory issues" and "environmental matters" in note 13 to the financial statements. we cannot predict the ultimate outcome of these matters, nor can we reasonably estimate the costs or liabilities that could potentially result from a negative outcome in each case.
significant increases in our operation and maintenance expenses, including health care and pension costs, could adversely affect our future earnings and liquidity.
we continually focus on limiting and reducing our operation and maintenance expenses. however, we expect to continue to face increased cost pressures in our operations. increased costs of materials and labor may result from general inflation, increased regulatory requirements (especially in respect of environmental regulations), the need for higher-cost expertise in the workforce or other factors. in addition, pursuant to collective bargaining agreements, we are contractually committed to provide specified levels of health care and pension benefits to certain current employees and retirees. these benefits give rise to significant expenses. due to general inflation with respect to such costs, the aging demographics of our workforce and other factors, we have experienced significant health care cost inflation in recent years, and we expect our health care costs, including prescription drug coverage, to continue to increase despite measures that we have taken and expect to take to require employees and retirees to bear a higher portion of the costs of their health care benefits. in addition, we expect to continue to incur significant costs with respect to the defined benefit pension plans for our employees and retirees. the measurement of our expected future health care and pension obligations, costs and liabilities is highly dependent on a variety of assumptions, most of which relate to factors beyond our control. these assumptions include investment returns, interest rates, health care cost trends, inflation rates, benefit improvements, salary increases and the demographics of plan participants. if our assumptions prove to be inaccurate, our future costs and cash contribution requirements to fund these benefits could increase significantly.
we may incur liabilities in connection with discontinued operations.
in connection with various divestitures, and certain other transactions, we have indemnified or guaranteed parties against certain liabilities. these indemnities and guarantees relate, among other things, to liabilities which may arise with respect to the period during which we or our subsidiaries operated a divested business, and to certain ongoing contractual relationships and entitlements with respect to which we or our subsidiaries made commitments in connection with the divestiture. see "guarantees and other assurances" in note 13 to the financial statements.
we are subject to liability risks relating to our generation, transmission and distribution operations.
the conduct of our physical and commercial operations subjects us to many risks, including risks of potential physical injury, property damage or other financial liability, caused to or by employees, customers, contractors, vendors, contractual or financial counterparties and other third parties.
our facilities may not operate as planned, which may increase our expenses and decrease our revenues and have an adverse effect on our financial performance.
operation of power plants, transmission and distribution facilities, information technology systems and other assets and activities subjects us to a variety of risks, including the breakdown or failure of equipment, accidents, security breaches, viruses or outages affecting information technology systems, labor disputes, obsolescence, delivery/transportation problems and disruptions of fuel supply and performance below expected levels. these events may impact our ability to conduct our businesses efficiently and lead to increased costs, expenses or losses. operation of our delivery systems below our expectations may result in lost revenue and increased expense, including higher maintenance costs, which may not be recoverable from customers. planned and unplanned outages at our power plants may require us to purchase power at then-current market prices to satisfy our commitments or, in the alternative, pay penalties and damages for failure to satisfy them.
although we maintain customary insurance coverage for certain of these risks, no assurance can be given that such insurance coverage will be sufficient to compensate us in the event losses occur.
we are required to obtain, and to comply with, government permits and approvals.
we are required to obtain, and to comply with, numerous permits, approvals, licenses and certificates from governmental agencies. the process of obtaining and renewing necessary permits can be lengthy and complex and can sometimes result in the establishment of permit conditions that make the project or activity for which the permit was sought unprofitable or otherwise unattractive. in addition, such permits or approvals may be subject to denial, revocation or modification under various circumstances. failure to obtain or comply with the conditions of permits or approvals, or failure to comply with any applicable laws or regulations, may result in the delay or temporary suspension of our operations and electricity sales or the curtailment of our power delivery and may subject us to penalties and other sanctions. although various regulators routinely renew existing licenses, renewal could be denied or jeopardized by various factors, including failure to provide adequate financial assurance for closure; failure to comply with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations or permit conditions; local community, political or other opposition; and executive, legislative or regulatory action.
our cost or inability to obtain and comply with the permits and approvals required for our operations could have a material adverse effect on our operations and cash flows. in addition, new environmental legislation or regulations, if enacted, or changed interpretations of existing laws may elicit claims that historical routine modification activities at our facilities violated applicable laws and regulations. in addition to the possible imposition of fines in such cases, we may be required to undertake significant capital investments in pollution control technology and obtain additional operating permits or approvals, which could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
war, other armed conflicts or terrorist attacks could have a material adverse effect on our business.
war, terrorist attacks and unrest have caused and may continue to cause instability in the world's financial and commercial markets and have contributed to high levels of volatility in prices for oil and gas. in addition, unrest in the middle east could lead to acts of terrorism in the united states, the united kingdom or elsewhere, and acts of terrorism could be directed against companies such as ours. armed conflicts and terrorism and their effects on us or our markets may significantly affect our business and results of operations in the future. in addition, we may incur increased costs for security, including additional physical plant security and security personnel or additional capability following a terrorist incident.
we are subject to counterparty performance, credit or other risk in their provision of goods or services to us, which could adversely affect our ability to operate our facilities or conduct business activities.
we purchase from a variety of suppliers energy, capacity, fuel, natural gas, transmission service and certain commodities used in the physical operation of our businesses, as well as goods or services, including information technology rights and services, used in the administration of our businesses. delivery of these goods and services is dependent on the continuing operational performance and financial viability of our contractual counterparties and also the markets, infrastructure or third-parties they use to provide such goods and services to us. as a result, we are subject to the risks of disruptions, curtailments or increased costs in the operation of our businesses if such goods or services are unavailable or become subject to price spikes or if a counterparty fails to perform. such disruptions could adversely affect our ability to operate our facilities or deliver our services and collect our revenues, which could result in lower sales and/or higher costs and thereby adversely affect our results of operations. the performance of coal markets and producers may be the subject of increased counterparty risk to lke, lg&e and ku currently due to weaknesses in such markets and suppliers. the coal industry is subject to increasing competitive pressures from natural gas markets and new or more stringent environmental regulation, including greenhouse gases or other air emissions, combustion byproducts and water inputs or discharges. consequently, the coal industry faces increased production costs or closed customer markets.
we are subject to the risk that our workforce and its knowledge base may become depleted in coming years.
we are experiencing an increase in attrition due primarily to the number of retiring employees, with the risk that critical knowledge will be lost and that it may be difficult to replace departed personnel, and to attract and retain new personnel, with appropriate skills and experience, due to a declining trend in the number of available skilled workers and an increase in competition for such workers.
risk related to registrant holding companies ppl and lke are holding companies and their cash flows and ability to meet their obligations with respect to indebtedness and under guarantees, and ppl's ability to pay dividends, largely depends on the financial performance of their respective subsidiaries and, as a result, is effectively subordinated to all existing and future liabilities of those subsidiaries.
ppl and lke are holding companies and conduct their operations primarily through subsidiaries. substantially all of the consolidated assets of these registrants are held by their subsidiaries. accordingly, these registrants' cash flows and ability to meet debt and guaranty obligations, as well as ppl's ability to pay dividends, are largely dependent upon the earnings of those subsidiaries and the distribution or other payment of such earnings in the form of dividends, distributions, loans, advances or repayment of loans and advances. the subsidiaries are separate legal entities and have no obligation to pay dividends or distributions to their parents or to make funds available for such a payment. the ability of the registrants' subsidiaries to pay dividends or distributions in the future will depend on the subsidiaries' future earnings and cash flows and the needs of their businesses, and may be restricted by their obligations to holders of their outstanding debt and other creditors, as well as any contractual or legal restrictions in effect at such time, including the requirements of state corporate law applicable to payment of dividends and distributions, and regulatory requirements, including restrictions on the ability of ppl electric, lg&e and ku to pay dividends under section 305(a) of the federal power act.
because ppl and lke are holding companies, their debt and guaranty obligations are effectively subordinated to all existing and future liabilities of their subsidiaries. although certain agreements to which certain subsidiaries are parties limit their ability to incur additional indebtedness, ppl and lke and their subsidiaries retain the ability to incur substantial additional indebtedness and other liabilities. therefore, ppl's and lke's rights and the rights of their creditors, including rights of debt holders, to participate in the assets of any of their subsidiaries, in the event that such a subsidiary is liquidated or reorganized, will be subject to the prior claims of such subsidiary's creditors.
risks related to domestic regulated utility operations our domestic regulated utility businesses face many of the same risks, in addition to those risks that are unique to each of the kentucky regulated segment and the pennsylvania regulated segment. set forth below are risk factors common to both domestic regulated segments, followed by sections identifying separately the risks specific to each of these segments.
our profitability is highly dependent on our ability to recover the costs of providing energy and utility services to our customers and earn an adequate return on our capital investments. regulators may not approve the rates we request and existing rates may be challenged.
the rates we charge our utility customers must be approved by one or more federal or state regulatory commissions, including the ferc, kpsc, vscc and puc. although rate regulation is generally premised on the recovery of prudently incurred costs and a reasonable rate of return on invested capital, there can be no assurance that regulatory authorities will consider all of our costs to have been prudently incurred or that the regulatory process by which rates are determined will always result in rates that achieve full or timely recovery of our costs or an adequate return on our capital investments. federal or state agencies, intervenors and other permitted parties may challenge our current or future rate requests, structures or mechanisms, and ultimately reduce, alter or limit the rates we receive. although our rates are generally regulated based on an analysis of our costs incurred in a base year or on future projected costs, the rates we are allowed to charge may or may not match our costs at any given time. our domestic regulated utility businesses are subject to substantial capital expenditure requirements over the next several years, which will likely require rate increase requests to the regulators. if our costs are not adequately recovered through rates, it could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
our domestic utility businesses are subject to significant and complex governmental regulation.
in addition to regulating the rates we charge, various federal and state regulatory authorities regulate many aspects of our domestic utility operations, including:
•   the terms and conditions of our service and operations;
•   financial and capital structure matters;
•   siting, construction and operation of facilities;
•   mandatory reliability and safety standards under the energy policy act of 2005 and other standards of conduct;
•   accounting, depreciation and cost allocation methodologies;
•   affiliate transactions;
•   acquisition and disposal of utility assets and issuance of securities; and
•   various other matters, including energy efficiency.
such regulations or changes thereto may subject us to higher operating costs or increased capital expenditures and failure to comply could result in sanctions or possible penalties which may not be recoverable from customers.
our domestic regulated businesses undertake significant capital projects and these activities are subject to unforeseen costs, delays or failures, as well as risk of inadequate recovery of resulting costs.
the domestic regulated utility businesses are capital intensive and require significant investments in energy generation (in the case of lg&e and ku) and transmission, distribution and other infrastructure projects, such as projects for environmental compliance and system reliability. the completion of these projects without delays or cost overruns is subject to risks in many areas, including:
•   approval, licensing and permitting;
•   land acquisition and the availability of suitable land;
•   construction problems or delays, including disputes with third-party intervenors;
•   increases in commodity prices or labor rates; and
•   contractor performance.
failure to complete our capital projects on schedule or on budget, or at all, could adversely affect our financial performance, operations and future growth if such expenditures are not granted rate recovery by our regulators.
we are or may be subject to costs of remediation of environmental contamination at facilities owned or operated by our former subsidiaries.
we may be subject to liability for the costs of environmental remediation of property now or formerly owned by us with respect to substances that we may have generated regardless of whether the liabilities arose before, during or after the time we owned or operated the facilities. we also have current or previous ownership interests in sites associated with the production of manufactured gas for which we may be liable for additional costs related to investigation, remediation and monitoring of these sites. remediation activities associated with our former manufactured gas plant operations are one source of such costs. citizen groups or others may bring litigation regarding environmental issues including claims of various types, such as property damage, personal injury and citizen challenges to compliance decisions on the enforcement of environmental requirements, which could subject us to penalties, injunctive relief and the cost of litigation. we cannot predict the amount and timing of all future expenditures (including the potential or magnitude of fines or penalties) related to such environmental matters, although they could be material.
the costs of compliance with, and liabilities under, environmental laws are significant and are subject to continuing changes.
extensive federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations are applicable to lg&e's and ku's generation business, including its air emissions, water discharges and the management of hazardous and solid wastes, among other business-related activities, and the costs of compliance or alleged non-compliance cannot be predicted but could be material. in addition, our costs may increase significantly if the requirements or scope of environmental laws, regulations or similar rules are expanded or changed. costs may take the form of increased capital expenditures or operating and maintenance expenses, monetary fines, penalties or forfeitures, operational changes, permit limitations or other restrictions. at some of our older generating facilities it may be uneconomic for us to install necessary pollution control equipment, which could cause us to retire those units. market prices for energy and capacity also affect this cost-effectiveness analysis. many of these environmental law considerations are
also applicable to the operations of our key suppliers or customers, such as coal producers, power producers and industrial power users, and may impact the costs of their products and demand for our services.
ongoing changes in environmental regulations or their implementation requirements and our related compliance strategies entail a number of uncertainties.
the environmental standards governing lg&e's and ku's businesses, particularly as applicable to coal-fired generation and related activities, continue to be subject to uncertainties due to rulemaking and other regulatory developments, legislative activities and litigation, administrative or permit challenges. revisions to applicable standards, changes in compliance deadlines and invalidation of rules on appeal may require major changes in compliance strategies, operations or assets and adjustments to prior plans. depending on the extent, frequency and timing of such changes, the companies may be subject to inconsistent requirements under multiple regulatory programs, compressed windows for decision-making and short compliance deadlines that may require new technologies or aggressive schedules for construction, permitting and other regulatory approvals. under such circumstances, the companies may face higher risks of unsuccessful implementation of environmental-related business plans, noncompliance with applicable environmental rules, delayed or incomplete rate recovery or increased costs of implementation.
we are subject to operational, regulatory and other risks regarding certain significant developments in environmental regulation affecting coal-fired generation facilities.
certain regulatory initiatives have been implemented or are under development which could represent significant developments or changes in environmental regulation and compliance costs or risk associated with the combustion of coal as occurs at lg&e's and ku's coal-fired generation facilities. in particular, such developments include the federal coal combustion residuals regulations governing coal by-product storage activities and the federal effluent limitations guidelines governing water discharge activities. such initiatives have the potential to require significant changes in coal combustion byproduct handling and disposal or water treatment and release facilities and methods from those historically used or currently available. consequently, such developments may involve increased risks relating to the uncertain cost, efficacy and reliability of new technologies, equipment or methods. compliance with such regulations could result in significant changes to lg&e's and ku's operations or commercial practices and material additional capital or operating expenditures. such circumstances could also involve higher risks of compliance violations or of variations in rate or regulatory treatment when compared to existing frameworks.
we are subject to operational, regulatory and other risks regarding natural gas supply infrastructure.
a natural gas pipeline explosion or associated incident could have a significant impact on lg&e's natural gas operations or result in significant damages and penalties that could have an adverse impact on lg&e's financial position and results of operations. the pipeline and hazardous materials safety administration has regulations that govern the design, construction, operation and maintenance of pipeline facilities. failure to comply with these regulations could result in the assessment of fines or penalties against lg&e. these regulations require, among other things, that pipeline operators engage in a pipeline integrity program. depending on the results of these integrity tests and other integrity program activities, we could incur significant and unexpected costs to perform remedial activities on our natural gas infrastructure to ensure our continued safe and reliable operation. recent pipeline incidents in the u.s. have also led to the introduction of proposed rules and possible federal legislative actions which could impose restrictions on lg&e's operations or require more stringent testing to ensure pipeline integrity. implementation of these regulations could increase our costs of compliance with pipeline integrity and safety regulations.
we face competition for transmission projects, which could adversely affect our rate base growth.
ferc order 1000, issued in july 2011, establishes certain procedural and substantive requirements relating to participation, cost allocation and non-incumbent developer aspects of regional and inter-regional electric transmission planning activities. the ppl electric transmission business, operating under a ferc-approved pjm open access transmission tariff, is subject to
competition pursuant to ferc order 1000 from entities that are not incumbent pjm transmission owners with respect to the construction and ownership of transmission facilities within pjm. increased competition can result in lower rate base growth.
we could be subject to higher costs and/or penalties related to pennsylvania conservation and energy efficiency programs.
ppl electric is subject to act 129 which contains requirements for energy efficiency and conservation programs and for the use of smart metering technology, imposes plr electricity supply procurement rules, provides remedies for market misconduct, and made changes to the existing alternative energy portfolio standard. the law also requires electric utilities to meet specified goals for reduction in customer electricity usage and peak demand. utilities not meeting these act 129 requirements are subject to significant penalties that cannot be recovered in rates. numerous factors outside of our control could prevent compliance with these requirements and result in penalties to us.
item 7. combined management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
this "item 7. combined management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" is separately filed by ppl, ppl electric, lke, lg&e and ku. information contained herein relating to any individual registrant is filed by such registrant solely on its own behalf, and no registrant makes any representation as to information relating to any other registrant. the specific registrant to which disclosures are applicable is identified in parenthetical headings in italics above the applicable disclosure or within the applicable disclosure for each registrant's related activities and disclosures. within combined disclosures, amounts are disclosed for individual registrants when significant.
the following should be read in conjunction with the registrants' consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes. capitalized terms and abbreviations are defined in the glossary. dollars are in millions, except per share data, unless otherwise noted.
"management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" includes the following information:
•   "overview" provides a description of each registrant's business strategy and a discussion of important financial and operational developments.
•   "results of operations" for all registrants includes a "statement of income analysis," which discusses significant changes in principal line items on the statements of income, comparing 2018 with 2017 and 2017 with 2016. for ppl, "results of operations" also includes "segment earnings" and "adjusted gross margins" which provide a detailed analysis of earnings by reportable segment. these discussions include non-gaap financial measures, including "earnings from ongoing operations" and "adjusted gross margins" and provide explanations of the non-gaap financial measures and a reconciliation of the non-gaap financial measures to the most comparable gaap measure. the "2019 outlook" discussion identifies key factors expected to impact 2019 earnings. for ppl electric, lke, lg&amp;e and ku, a summary of earnings and adjusted gross margins is also provided.
•   "financial condition - liquidity and capital resources" provides an analysis of the registrants' liquidity positions and credit profiles. this section also includes a discussion of forecasted sources and uses of cash and rating agency actions.
•   "financial condition - risk management" provides an explanation of the registrants' risk management programs relating to market and credit risk.
•   "application of critical accounting policies" provides an overview of the accounting policies that are particularly important to the results of operations and financial condition of the registrants and that require their management to make significant estimates, assumptions and other judgments of inherently uncertain matters.
overview for a description of the registrants and their businesses, see "item 1. business."
business strategy
ppl operates seven fully regulated high-performing utilities. these utilities are located in the u.k., pennsylvania and kentucky, constructive regulatory jurisdictions with distinct regulatory structures and customer classes. ppl believes this business portfolio positions the company well for continued success and provides earnings and dividend growth potential.
ppl's strategy, and that of the other registrants, is to deliver best-in-sector operational performance, invest in a sustainable energy future, maintain a strong financial foundation, and engage and develop its people. ppl's business plan is designed to achieve growth by providing efficient, reliable and safe operations and strong customer service, maintaining constructive regulatory relationships and achieving timely recovery of costs. these businesses are expected to achieve strong, long-term growth in rate base in the u.s. and rav in the u.k. rate base growth is being driven by planned significant capital expenditures to maintain existing assets and improve system reliability and, for lke, lg&e and ku, to comply with federal and state environmental regulations related to coal-fired electricity generation facilities.
for the u.s. businesses, central to ppl's strategy is recovering capital project costs efficiently through various rate-making mechanisms, including periodic base rate case proceedings using forward test years, annual ferc formula rate mechanisms and other regulatory agency-approved recovery mechanisms designed to limit regulatory lag. in kentucky, the kpsc has adopted a series of regulatory mechanisms (ecr, dsm, glt, fuel adjustment clause, gas supply clause and recovery on construction work-in-progress) that reduce regulatory lag and provide timely recovery of and return on, as appropriate, prudently incurred costs. in addition, the kpsc requires a utility to obtain a cpcn prior to constructing a facility, unless the construction is an ordinary extension of existing facilities in the usual course of business or does not involve sufficient capital expenditures to materially affect the utility's financial condition. although such kpsc proceedings do not directly address cost recovery issues, the kpsc, in awarding a cpcn, concludes that the public convenience and necessity require the construction of the facility on the basis that the facility is the lowest reasonable cost alternative to address the need. in pennsylvania, the ferc transmission formula rate, dsic mechanism, smart meter rider and other recovery mechanisms are in place to reduce regulatory lag and provide for timely recovery of and a return on, as appropriate, prudently incurred costs.
to manage financing costs and access to credit markets, and to fund capital expenditures, a key objective of the registrants is to maintain their investment grade credit ratings and adequate liquidity positions. in addition, the registrants have financial and operational risk management programs that, among other things, are designed to monitor and manage exposure to earnings and cash flow volatility, as applicable, related to changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and counterparty credit quality. to manage these risks, ppl generally uses contracts such as forwards, options and swaps. see "financial condition - risk management" below for further information.
earnings generated by ppl's u.k. subsidiaries are subject to foreign currency translation risk. because wpd's earnings represent such a significant portion of ppl's consolidated earnings, ppl enters into foreign currency contracts to economically hedge the value of the gbp versus the u.s. dollar. these hedges do not receive hedge accounting treatment under gaap. see "financial and operational developments - u.k. membership in european union" for additional discussion of the u.k. earnings hedging activity.
the u.k. subsidiaries also have currency exposure to the u.s. dollar to the extent of their u.s. dollar denominated debt. to manage these risks, ppl generally uses contracts such as forwards, options and cross-currency swaps that contain characteristics of both interest rate and foreign currency exchange contracts.
as discussed above, a key component of this strategy is to maintain constructive relationships with regulators in all jurisdictions in which the registrants operate (u.k., u.s. federal and state). this is supported by a strong culture of integrity and delivering on commitments to customers, regulators and shareowners, and a commitment to continue to improve customer service, reliability and operational efficiency.
financial and operational developments equity forward contracts (ppl)
in may 2018, ppl completed a registered underwritten public offering of 55 million shares of its common stock. in conjunction with that offering, the underwriters exercised an option to purchase 8.25 million additional shares of ppl common stock solely to cover over-allotments.
in connection with the registered public offering, ppl entered into forward sale agreements with two counterparties covering the 63.25 million shares of ppl common stock. full settlement of these forward sale agreements will occur no later than november 2019. the forward sale agreements are classified as equity transactions. ppl only receives proceeds and issues shares of common stock upon any settlements of the forward sale agreements. ppl intends to use net proceeds that it receives upon any settlements for general corporate purposes.
in september 2018, ppl settled a portion of the initial forward sale agreements by issuing 20 million shares of ppl common stock, and received net cash proceeds of $520 million. for the unsettled portion of the agreements, the only impact to the financial statements is the inclusion of incremental shares within the calculation of diluted eps using the treasury stock method.
see note 8 to the financial statements for additional information.
u.s. tax reform (all registrants)
the registrants recognized certain provisional amounts relating to the impact of the enactment of the tcja in their december 31, 2017 financial statements, in accordance with sec guidance. included in those provisional amounts were estimates of: tax depreciation, deductible executive compensation, accumulated foreign earnings, foreign tax credits, and deemed dividends from foreign subsidiaries, all of which were based on the interpretation and application of various provisions of the tcja.
in the third quarter of 2018, ppl filed its consolidated federal income tax return, which was prepared using guidance issued by the u.s. treasury department and the irs since the filing of each registrant's 2017 form 10-k. accordingly, the registrants have updated the following provisional amounts and now consider them to be complete: (1) the amount of the deemed dividend and associated foreign tax credits relating to the transition tax imposed on accumulated foreign earnings as of december 31, 2017; (2) the amount of accelerated 100% "bonus" depreciation ppl was eligible to claim in its 2017 federal income tax return; and (3) the related impacts on ppl's 2017 consolidated federal net operating loss to be carried forward to future periods. in addition, the registrants recorded the tax impact of the u.s. federal corporate income tax rate reduction from 35% to 21% on the changes to deferred tax assets and liabilities resulting from the completed provisional amounts. the completed provisional amounts related to the tax rate reduction had an insignificant impact on the net regulatory liabilities of ppl's u.s. regulated operations. in the fourth quarter of 2018, ppl completed its analysis of the deductibility of executive compensation awarded as of november 2, 2017 and concluded that no material change to the provisional amounts is required. see note 6 to the financial statements for the final amounts reported in ppl's 2017 federal income tax return, provisional adjustment amounts for the year ended december 31, 2017, the related measurement period adjustments and the resulting tax impact for 2018.
the registrants' accounting related to the effects of the tcja on financial results for the period ended december 31, 2017 is complete as of december 31, 2018 with respect to all provisional amounts.
in 2018, the irs issued proposed regulations for certain provisions of the tcja, including interest deductibility, base erosion anti-avoidance tax (beat), and global intangible low-taxed income (gilti). ppl has determined that the proposed regulations related to beat and gilti do not materially change ppl's current interpretation of the statutory impact of these rules on the company. proposed regulations relating to the limitation on the deductibility of interest expense were issued in november 2018 and such regulations provide detailed rules implementing the broader statutory provisions. these proposed regulations should not apply to the registrants until the year in which the regulations are issued in final form, which is expected to be 2019. it is uncertain what form the final regulations will take and, therefore, the registrants cannot predict what impact the final regulations will have on the tax deductibility of interest expense. however, if the proposed regulations were issued as final in their current form, the registrants could have a limitation on a portion of their interest expense deduction for tax purposes and such limitation could be significant.
kentucky state tax reform (all registrants)
hb 487, which became law on april 27, 2018, provides for significant changes to the kentucky tax code including (1) adopting mandatory combined reporting for corporate members of unitary business groups for taxable years beginning on or after january 1, 2019 (members of a unitary business group may make an eight-year binding election to file consolidated corporate income tax returns with all members of their federal affiliated group) and (2) a reduction in the kentucky corporate income tax rate from 6% to 5% for taxable years beginning after december 31, 2017. lke recognized a deferred tax charge of $9 million in the second quarter of 2018 primarily associated with the remeasurement of non-regulated accumulated deferred income tax balances.
as indicated in note 1 to the financial statements, lg&e's and ku's accounting for income taxes is impacted by rate regulation. therefore, reductions in regulated accumulated deferred income tax balances due to the reduction in the kentucky corporate income tax rate to 5% under the provisions of hb 487 will result in amounts previously collected from utility customers for these deferred taxes to be refundable to such customers in future periods. in the second quarter of 2018, lg&e and ku recorded the impact of the reduced tax rate, related to the remeasurement of deferred income taxes, as an increase in regulatory liabilities of $16 million and $19 million. in a separate regulatory proceeding, lg&e and ku have requested to begin returning state excess deferred income taxes to customers in conjunction with the 2018 kentucky base rate case, which was filed on september 28, 2018. see note 7 to the financial statements for additional information related to the rate case proceedings. ppl is evaluating the impact, if any, of unitary or elective consolidated income tax reporting on all its registrants.
the u.k. formally began the process of leaving the european union (eu) on march 29, 2017 by triggering article 50 of the lisbon treaty. the u.k. has two years from that date to negotiate a withdrawal agreement governing its exit from the eu (brexit). the u.k. and eu also agreed to a transition period lasting until the end of 2020, during which both parties will negotiate a future trade relationship. the final withdrawal agreement and future trade relationship are subject to ratification by both the u.k. and eu parliaments.
in november 2018, u.k. prime minister theresa may and the eu decided on a withdrawal agreement covering a broad range of issues. on january 15, 2019, the u.k. parliament voted overwhelmingly to reject this withdrawal agreement. on january 29, 2019, the u.k. parliament voted on a series of non-binding amendments to influence future brexit negotiations, directing may to conduct further negotiations with the eu. the eu has said that it is not prepared to renegotiate the existing deal.
significant uncertainty surrounds the status of negotiations and next steps in the brexit process. if an agreement is not reached, the default position is that the u.k. will have a disorderly exit from the eu on march 29, 2019. the u.k. may also request an extension of the article 50 process, subject to approval from the eu's 27 remaining members. the u.k. could also choose to revoke article 50 and remain in the eu.
ppl believes that its greatest risk related to brexit is the potential decline in the value of the gbp compared to the u.s. dollar. a decline in the value of the gbp compared to the u.s. dollar will reduce the value of wpd's earnings to ppl.
ppl has executed hedges to mitigate the foreign exchange risk to its u.k. earnings. as of february 6, 2019, ppl's foreign exchange exposure related to budgeted earnings is 100% hedged for the remainder of 2019 at an average rate of $1.39 per gbp and 49% hedged for 2020 at an average rate of $1.49 per gbp.
ppl cannot predict the impact, in either the short-term or long-term, on foreign exchange rates or ppl's financial condition that may be experienced as a result of the actions taken by the u.k. government to withdraw from the eu, although such impacts could be material.
ppl does not expect the financial condition and results of operations of wpd itself to change significantly as a result of brexit, with or without an approved plan of withdrawal. the regulatory environment and operation of wpd's businesses are not expected to change. wpd is less than halfway through riio-ed1, the current price control period, with allowed revenues agreed with ofgem through march 2023. the impact of a slower economy or recession on wpd would be mitigated in part because u.k. regulation provides that any reduction in the volume of electricity delivered will be recovered in allowed revenues in future periods through the k-factor adjustment. see "item 1. business - segment information - u.k. regulated segment" for additional information on the current price control and k-factor adjustment. in addition, an increase in inflation would have a positive effect on revenues and rav as annual inflation adjustments are applied to both revenues and rav (and real returns are earned on inflated rav). this impact, however, would be partially offset by higher o&m and interest expense on index-linked debt. with respect to access to financing, wpd has substantial borrowing capacity under existing credit facilities and expects to continue to have access to all major financial markets. with respect to access to and cost of equipment and other materials, wpd management continues to review u.k. government issued advice on preparations for brexit without an approved plan of withdrawal and has taken actions to mitigate potential increasing costs and disruption to its critical sources of supply. additionally, less than 1% of wpd's employees are non-u.k. eu nationals and no change in their domicile is expected.
regulatory requirements
the registrants cannot predict the impact that future regulatory requirements may have on their financial condition or results of operations.
on december 21, 2017, kentucky industrial utility customers, inc. submitted a complaint with the kpsc against lg&e and ku, as well as other utility companies in kentucky, alleging that their respective rates would no longer be fair, just and reasonable following the enactment of the tcja, which reduced the federal corporate tax rate from 35% to 21%. the complaint requested the kpsc to issue an order requiring lg&e and ku to begin deferring, as of january 1, 2018, the revenue requirement effect of all income tax expense savings resulting from the federal corporate income tax reduction, including the amortization of excess deferred income taxes by recording those savings in a regulatory liability account and establishing a process by which the federal corporate income tax savings will be passed back to customers.
on january 29, 2018, lg&e, ku, kentucky industrial utility customers, inc. and the office of the attorney general reached a settlement agreement to commence returning savings related to the tcja to their customers through their ecr, dsm and lg&e's glt rate mechanisms beginning in march 2018 and through a new bill credit mechanism from april 1, 2018 through april 30, 2019 and thereafter until tax-reform related savings are reflected in changes in base rates. the estimated impact of the rate reduction represents approximately $91 million in ku electricity revenues ($70 million through the new bill credit and $21 million through existing rate mechanisms), $69 million in lg&e electricity revenues ($49 million through the new bill credit and $20 million through existing rate mechanisms) and $17 million in lg&e gas revenues (substantially all through the new bill credit) for the period january 2018 through april 2019.
on march 20, 2018, the kpsc issued an order approving, with certain modifications, the settlement agreement reached between lg&e, ku, kentucky industrial utility customers, inc. and the office of the attorney general. the kpsc estimates that, pursuant to its modifications, electricity revenues would incorporate reductions of approximately $108 million for ku ($87 million through the new bill credit and $21 million through existing rate mechanisms) and $79 million for lg&e ($59 million through the new bill credit and $20 million through existing rate mechanisms). this represents $27 million ($17 million at ku and $10 million at lg&e) in additional reductions from the amounts proposed by the settlement. the kpsc's modifications to the settlement include certain changes in assumptions or inputs used in assessing tax reform or calculating lg&e's and ku's electricity rates. lg&e gas rate reductions were not modified significantly from the amount included in the settlement agreement.
on september 28, 2018, the kpsc issued an order on reconsideration, pursuant to lg&e's and ku's petition, implementing rates reflecting electricity revenue reductions of $101 million for ku ($80 million through the new bill credit and $21 million through existing rate mechanisms), $74 million for lg&e electricity revenues ($54 million through the new bill credit and $20 million through existing rate mechanisms) and $16 million lg&e gas revenues (substantially all through the new bill credit) for the period january 2018 through april 2019. this represents lower revenue reduction amounts than the march 20, 2018 order of approximately $13 million ($7 million at ku and $6 million at lg&e).
in january 2018, the vscc ordered ku, as well as other utilities in virginia, to accrue regulatory liabilities reflecting the virginia jurisdictional revenue requirement impacts of the reduced federal corporate tax rate. in march 2018, ku reached a settlement agreement regarding its rate case in virginia. new rates, inclusive of tcja impacts, were effective june 1, 2018. the settlement also stipulates that actual tax savings for the five month period prior to new rates taking effect would be addressed through ku's annual information filing for calendar year 2018. in may 2018, the vscc approved the settlement agreement. the tcja and rate case are not expected to have a significant impact on ku's financial condition or results of operations related to virginia.
on november 15, 2018, the ferc issued a policy statement which stated that the appropriate ratemaking treatment for changes in accumulated deferred income taxes as a result of the tcja will be addressed in a notice of proposed rulemaking. also on november 15, 2018, the ferc issued the notice of proposed rulemaking which proposes that public utility transmission providers include mechanisms in their formula rates to deduct excess accumulated deferred income taxes from, or add deficient accumulated deferred income taxes to, rate base and adjust their income tax allowances by amortized excess or deficient accumulated deferred income taxes. the notice of proposed rulemaking did not prescribe the mechanism companies should use to adjust their formula rates. lg&e and ku are currently assessing the notice of proposed rulemaking and are continuing to monitor guidance issued by the ferc. on february 5, 2019, in connection with a separate element of federal and kentucky state tax reform effects, lg&e and ku filed a request with the ferc to amend their transmission formula rates, effective june 1, 2019, to incorporate reductions to corporate income tax rates as a result of the tcja and hb 487. lg&e and ku do not anticipate the impact of the tcja related to their ferc-jurisdictional rates to be significant.
tcja impact on ppl electric rates on february 12, 2018, the puc issued a secretarial letter requesting certain information from regulated utilities and inviting comment from interested parties on potential revision to customer rates as a result of enactment of the tcja. ppl electric submitted its response to the secretarial letter on march 9, 2018. on march 15, 2018, the puc issued a temporary rates order to allow time to determine the manner in which rates could be adjusted in response to the tcja. the puc issued another temporary rates order on may 17, 2018 to address the impact of the tcja and indicated that utilities without a currently pending general rate proceeding would receive a utility specific order. the puc issued an order specific to ppl electric on may 17, 2018 that required ppl electric to file a tariff or tariff supplement by june 15, 2018 to establish (a) temporary rates to be effective july 1, 2018, and (b) to record a deferred regulatory liability to reflect the tax savings associated with the tcja for the period january 1 through june 30, 2018. on june 8, 2018, ppl electric submitted a petition to the puc to charge a negative surcharge of 7.05% to reflect the estimated 2018 tax savings associated with the tcja. the puc approved ppl electric's petition on june 14, 2018 and ppl electric filed a tariff on june 15, 2018 reflecting the increased negative surcharge. ppl electric recorded a $41 million noncurrent regulatory liability and a corresponding reduction of revenue to be distributed to customers pursuant to a future rate adjustment related to the period january 1, 2018 through june 30, 2018.
on march 15, 2018, the ferc issued a notice of inquiry seeking information on whether and how it should address changes to ferc-jurisdictional rates relating to accumulated deferred income taxes and bonus depreciation resulting from passage of the tcja. on march 16, 2018, ppl electric filed a waiver request, pursuant to rule 207(a)(5) of the rules of practice and procedure of the ferc, to accelerate incorporation of the changes to the federal corporate income tax rate in its transmission formula rate commencing on june 1, 2018 rather than allowing the tcja tax rate reduction to be initially incorporated in ppl electric's june 1, 2019 transmission formula rate. the waiver was approved on april 23, 2018 and ppl electric submitted its transmission formula rate, reflecting the tcja rate reduction, on april 27, 2018. in addition, on may 21, 2018, ppl electric, as part of a pjm transmission owners joint filing, submitted comments in response to the ferc's march 15, 2018 notice of inquiry. the filing requested guidance on how the reduction in accumulated deferred income taxes, resulting from the tcja reduced federal corporate income tax rate, should be treated for ratemaking purposes. on november 15, 2018, the ferc issued a policy statement which stated that the appropriate ratemaking treatment for changes in accumulated deferred income taxes as a result of the tcja will be addressed in a notice of proposed rulemaking. also on november 15, 2018, the ferc issued the notice of proposed rulemaking which proposes that public utility transmission providers should include mechanisms in their formula rates to deduct excess accumulated deferred income taxes from, or add deficient accumulated deferred income taxes to, rate base and adjust their income tax allowances by amortized excess or deficient accumulated deferred income taxes. the notice of proposed rulemaking did not prescribe the mechanism companies should use to adjust their formula rates. ppl electric is currently assessing the notice of proposed rulemaking and is continuing to monitor guidance issued by the ferc. the changes, related to accumulated deferred income taxes impacting the transmission formula rate revenues, have not been significant since the new rate went into effect on june 1, 2018.
pennsylvania alternative ratemaking in june 2018, governor tom wolf signed house bill 1782 (now known as act 58 of 2018, and to be codified at 66 pa. c.s. § 1330) authorizing public utilities to implement alternative rates and rate mechanisms in base rate proceedings before the puc. the effective date of act 58 was august 27, 2018.
under the new law, a public utility may file an application to establish alternative rates and rate mechanisms in a base rate proceeding. these alternative rates and rate mechanisms include, but are not limited to, the following: decoupling mechanisms, performance-based rates, formula rates, multi-year rate plans, or a combination of those or other mechanisms.
the alternative rate mechanisms may include reconcilable surcharges and rates established under current law, including returns on and return of capital investments. act 58 explicitly provides that it does not invalidate or void any rate mechanisms approved by the puc prior to the legislation's effective date. act 58 also specifies customer notice requirements concerning the utility's application for alternative rates or rate mechanisms.
on august 23, 2018, the puc issued a tentative implementation order seeking comments on its proposed interpretation and implementation of act 58, section 1330 of the public utility code, 66 pa. c.s. 1330. ppl electric and various other parties filed comments on october 8, 2018. this matter remains pending before the puc.
ppl electric views the passage of act 58 to be a favorable regulatory development that is expected to expand the rate-making mechanisms available to pennsylvania regulated utility companies.
riio-ed1 mid-period review the riio framework allowed for an mpr. on april 30, 2018, ofgem announced its decision not to conduct an mpr of the riio-ed1 price control period.
riio-2 framework review on march 7, 2018, ofgem issued its consultation document on the riio-2 framework, which covers all u.k. gas and electricity transmission and distribution price controls. the current electricity distribution price control, riio-ed1, continues through march 31, 2023 and will not be impacted by this riio-2 consultation process. ofgem consulted on a wide range of issues, including cost of debt and equity methodologies, the length of the price control period, indexation methodologies, innovation, stakeholder engagement in the business planning process and performance incentive mechanisms. the purpose of the riio-2 framework consultation was to build on lessons learned from the current price controls while supporting low costs to consumers, improved customer service and reliability, and the u.k.'s continued shift to a low-carbon future. comments on the riio-2 framework were due in may 2018. on july 30, 2018, ofgem published its decision following its riio-2 framework consultation after consideration of comments received. ofgem confirmed the following points in the decision document:
•   there will be a five-year default length for the price control period, compared to eight years in the current riio-ed1 price control.
•   there is intent to shift the inflation index used for calculating rav and allowed returns from rpi to cpih. ofgem stated overall, consumers and investors as a whole will be neither better nor worse off in net present value terms as a result of the shift to cpih and a transition period may be required.
•   there will be no change to the existing depreciation policy of using economic asset lives as the basis for depreciating rav as part of base revenue calculations. wpd is currently transitioning to 45 year asset lives for new additions in riio-ed1 based on ofgem's extensive review of asset lives in riio-ed1.
•   ofgem will retain the option for fast-tracking for electricity distribution companies only. fast tracking will be further considered as part of the electricity distribution sector specific consultation.
•   a new enhanced engagement model will be introduced which will require distribution companies to set up a customer engagement group to provide ofgem with a public report of their views on the companies' business plans from the perspective of local stakeholders. ofgem will also establish an independent riio-2 challenge group comprised of consumer experts to provide ofgem with a public report on companies' business plans.
•   ofgem intends to expand the role of competition for projects that are new, separable and high value. wpd does not currently have any planned projects that would meet the high value threshold.
•   a focus of riio-2 will be on whole-system outcomes. ofgem envisions network companies and system operators working together to ensure the energy system as a whole is efficient and delivers best value to consumers. ofgem is undertaking further work to clarify the definition of whole-system and the appropriate roles of the network companies in supporting the energy transition.
ofgem also indicated further work is needed on other price control principles, including but not limited to, cost of equity, cost of debt, financeability and incentives with decisions on these items expected to be made in the sector specific consultations or within the individual company business plan submissions.
in december 2018, the promulgation of sector specific price controls began with ofgem publishing its consultation related to its riio-2 price controls for the gas distribution, gas transmission and electricity transmission operators that will be effective from april 2021 to march 2026. this current consultation does not apply directly to electricity distribution network operators although some decisions will be precedent setting. the electricity distribution price control work is scheduled to begin in 2020, at which time ofgem plans to publish its riio-ed2 strategy consultation document.
although the electricity distribution consultation does not commence until 2020, wpd is engaged in the riio-2 process and will be responding to the december 2018 consultation document. ppl cannot predict the outcome of this process or the long-term impact it or the final riio-ed2 regulations will have on its financial condition or results of operations.
ferc transmission rate filing on august 3, 2018, lg&e and ku submitted an application to the ferc requesting elimination of certain on-going credits to a sub-set of transmission customers relating to the 1998 merger of lg&e's and ku's parent entities and the 2006 withdrawal of lg&e and ku from the midcontinent independent system operator, inc. (miso), a regional transmission operator and energy market. the application seeks termination of lg&e's and ku's commitment to provide mitigation for certain horizontal market power concerns arising out of the 1998 merger for certain transmission service between miso and lg&e and ku. the affected transmission customers are a limited number of municipal entities in kentucky. the amounts at issue are generally waivers or credits for either lg&e and ku or for miso transmission charges depending upon the direction of transmission service incurred by the municipalities. lg&e and ku estimate that such charges may average approximately $22 million annually, depending upon actual transmission customer and market volumes, structures and prices, with such charges allocated according to lg&e's and ku's respective transmission system ownership ratio. due to the development of robust accessible energy markets over time, lg&e and ku believe the mitigation commitments are no longer relevant or appropriate. lg&e and ku currently receive recovery of such expenses in other rate mechanisms. lg&e and ku cannot predict the outcome of the proceeding, including any effects on their financial condition or results of operations.
the businesses of lke, lg&e and ku are subject to extensive federal, state and local environmental laws, rules and regulations, including those pertaining to ccrs, ghg, and elgs. see note 7, note 13 and note 19 to the financial statements for a discussion of these significant environmental matters. these and other stringent environmental requirements led ppl, lke, lg&e and ku to retire approximately 800 mw of coal-fired generating plants in kentucky, primarily in 2015. additionally, ku anticipates retiring two older coal-fired units at the e.w. brown plant in 2019 with a combined summer rating capacity of 272 mw.
also as a result of the environmental requirements discussed above, lke projects $682 million ($261 million at lg&e and $421 million at ku) in environmental capital investment over the next five years. see ppl's "financial condition - forecasted uses of cash - capital expenditures", note 7 and note 13 for additional information.
on september 28, 2018, lg&e and ku filed requests with the kpsc for an increase in annual base electricity rates of approximately $112 million at ku and increases in annual base electricity and gas rates of approximately $35 million and $25 million at lg&e. the proposed base rate increases would result in an electricity rate increase of 6.9% at ku and electricity and gas rate increases of 3% and 7.5% at lg&e. as discussed in the "tcja impact on lg&e and ku rates" section above, lg&e's and ku's applications seek to include applicable changes associated with the tcja in the calculation of the proposed base rates and to terminate the tcja bill credit mechanism when the new base rates go into effect.
new rates are expected to become effective on may 1, 2019. the applications are based on a forecasted test year of may 1, 2019 through april 30, 2020 with a requested return-on-equity of 10.42%. a number of parties have been granted intervention requests in the proceeding. data discovery and the filing of written testimony will continue through february 2019 and a hearing is scheduled in march 2019. lg&e and ku cannot predict the outcome of these proceedings.
in september 2017, ku filed a request seeking approval from the vscc to increase annual virginia base electricity revenue by $7 million, representing an increase of 10.4%. on march 22, 2018, ku reached a settlement agreement regarding the case, including the impact of the tcja on rates, resulting in an increase in annual virginia base electricity revenue of $2 million. this represents an increase of 2.8% with rates effective june 1, 2018. on may 8, 2018, the vscc issued an order approving the settlement agreement.
acquisition of solar energy solution provider (ppl)
during the second quarter of 2018, ppl completed the acquisition of all the outstanding membership interests of safari energy, a privately held provider of solar energy solutions for commercial customers in the u.s. for its clients, safari energy develops highly structured turnkey solutions, managing projects through all phases of development, from inception to financing, design, engineering, permitting, construction, interconnection and asset management. headquartered in new york city, safari energy
has completed over 200 solar projects in 19 states, with over 70 projects underway as of december 31, 2018. the acquisition is not material to ppl and the financial results of safari energy are reported within corporate and other.
the "statement of income analysis" discussion below describes significant changes in principal line items on ppl's statements of income, comparing year-to-year changes. the "segment earnings" and "adjusted gross margins" discussions for ppl provide a review of results by reportable segment. these discussions include non-gaap financial measures, including "earnings from ongoing operations" and "adjusted gross margins," and provide explanations of the non-gaap financial measures and a reconciliation of those measures to the most comparable gaap measure. the "2019 outlook" discussion identifies key factors expected to impact 2019 earnings.
tables analyzing changes in amounts between periods within "statement of income analysis," "segment earnings" and "adjusted gross margins" are presented on a constant gbp to u.s. dollar exchange rate basis, where applicable, in order to isolate the impact of the change in the exchange rate on the item being explained. results computed on a constant gbp to u.s. dollar exchange rate basis are calculated by translating current year results at the prior year weighted-average gbp to u.s. dollar exchange rate.
a "statement of income analysis, earnings and adjusted gross margins" is presented separately for ppl electric, lke, lg&e and ku. the "statement of income analysis" discussion below describes significant changes in principal line items on the statements of income, comparing year-to-year changes. the "earnings" discussion provides a summary of earnings. the "adjusted gross margins" discussion includes a reconciliation of non-gaap financial measures to "operating income."
ppl: statement of income analysis, segment earnings and adjusted gross margins statement of income analysis net income for the years ended december 31 includes the following results.
change
ppl electric transmission formula rate (d)            62                      34
foreign currency exchange rates                      106                    (154      )
(a)   distribution rider prices resulted in an increase of $47 million in 2017 compared with 2016.
(b)   increase in 2018 compared with 2017 was primarily due to favorable weather in 2018. decrease in 2017 compared with 2016 was primarily due to milder weather in 2017.
(c)   increase in 2018 compared with 2017 was primarily due to higher energy purchase volumes.
(d)   transmission formula rate revenues increased primarily from returns on additional transmission capital investments focused on replacing aging infrastructure and improving reliability and includes the impacts of the tcja which reduced the new revenue requirement that went into effect june 1, 2018.
(e)   represents income tax savings owed to or already returned to customers related to the impact of the u.s. federal corporate income tax rate reduction from 35% to 21%, as enacted by the tcja, effective january 1, 2018. see note 7 to the financial statements for additional information.
(g)   these revenues are offset by costs reflected in "other operation and maintenance" on the statement of income.
fuel fuel increased $40 million in 2018 compared with 2017, primarily due to an increase in volumes at lke driven by weather in 2018.
fuel decreased $32 million in 2017 compared with 2016, primarily due to a decrease in volumes at lke driven by weather in 2017.
energy purchases energy purchases increased $60 million in 2018 compared with 2017 primarily due to an increase of $37 million at ppl electric primarily due to higher energy volumes and an increase of $23 million at lke primarily due to higher gas volumes driven by weather in 2018.
energy purchases decreased $21 million in 2017 compared with 2016 primarily due to a decrease in plr prices at ppl electric.
ppl electric payroll-related costs                                (5      )              (14      )
lke gas distribution maintenance and compliance                    7                       3
lke electricity distribution outage and repairs                    7                       -
storm costs                                                       12                       4
vegetation management                                              5                     (15      )
foreign currency exchange rates                                   20                     (28      )
engineering management                                            13                       3
(a)   the increase in 2018 compared with 2017 primarily represents the other operation and maintenance expense of safari energy, which was acquired on june 1, 2018.
(b)   these costs are offset by revenues reflected in "operating revenues" on the statement of income.
additions to pp&amp;e, net                $65                     $93
foreign currency exchange rates            11                     (16      )
domestic capital stock tax                  6                      (6      )
foreign currency exchange rates             7                      (8      )
economic foreign currency exchange contracts (note 17)          $411                   $(645      )
defined benefit plans - non-service credits (note 11)             90                      55
charitable contributions                                         (16      )                1
foreign currency exchange rates                17                     (26      )
(a)   interest expense increased in 2018 compared with 2017, primarily due to debt issuances by ppl electric in june 2018 and may 2017 and by ppl capital funding in september 2017.
interest expense increased in 2017 compared with 2016, primarily due to accretion on index linked bonds at wpd and a debt issuance at ppl electric in may 2017.
change in pre-tax income at current period tax rates                      $(57      )             $(223      )
foreign income tax return adjustments                                        8                      (10      )
u.s. income tax on foreign earnings net of foreign tax credit(c)           (44      )                89
deferred tax impact of u.s. tax reform (g)                                (220      )               220
deferred tax impact of kentucky state tax reform (h)                         9                        -
(a)   the decrease in 2018 compared with 2017 is related to the impact of the u.s. federal corporate income tax rate reduction from 35% to 21%, as enacted by the tcja, effective january 1, 2018.
(b)   during 2017, ppl recorded an increase in valuation allowances of $23 million primarily related to foreign tax credits recorded in 2016. the future utilization of these credits is expected to be lower as a result of the tcja.
during 2018, 2017 and 2016, ppl recorded deferred income tax expense of $24 million, $16 million and $13 million for valuation allowances primarily related to increased pennsylvania net operating loss carryforwards expected to be unutilized.
(c)   during 2017, ppl recorded a federal income tax benefit of $35 million primarily attributable to uk pension contributions.
during 2017, ppl recorded deferred income tax expense of $83 million primarily related to enactment of the tcja. the enacted tax law included a conversion from a worldwide tax system to a territorial tax system, effective january 1, 2018. in the transition to the territorial regime, a one-time transition tax was imposed on ppl's unrepatriated accumulated foreign earnings in 2017. these earnings were treated as a taxable deemed dividend to ppl of approximately $462 million, including $205 million of foreign tax credits. as the ppl consolidated u.s. group had a taxable loss for 2017,
inclusive of the taxable deemed dividend, these credits were recorded as a deferred tax asset. however, it is expected that under the tcja, only $83 million of the $205 million of foreign tax credits will be realized in the carry forward period. accordingly, a valuation allowance on the current year foreign tax credits in the amount of $122 million has been recorded to reflect the reduction in the future utilization of the credits. the foreign tax credits associated with the deemed repatriation result in a gross carryforward and corresponding deferred tax asset of $205 million offset by a valuation allowance of $122 million.
during 2016, ppl recorded a federal income tax benefit of $40 million attributable to the foreign tax credit carrryforwards, arising from a decision to amend prior year tax returns to claim foreign tax credits rather than deduct foreign taxes. this decision was prompted by changes to the company's most recent business plan.
(d)   the u.k. finance act 2016, enacted in september 2016, reduced the u.k. statutory income tax rate effective april 1, 2020 to 17%. as a result, ppl reduced its net deferred tax liabilities and recognized a $42 million deferred income tax benefit during 2016.
(e)   the reduction in the u.s. federal corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21% significantly reduced the difference between the u.k. and u.s. income tax rates in 2018 compared with 2017.
(f)   during 2018, ppl recorded lower income tax expense for the amortization of excess deferred income taxes that primarily resulted from the u.s. federal corporate income tax rate reduction from 35% to 21% enacted by the tcja.
(g)   during 2017, ppl recorded deferred income tax expense for the u.s. federal corporate income tax rate reduction from 35% to 21% enacted by the tcja.
(h)   during 2018, ppl recorded deferred income tax expense, primarily associated with lke's non-regulated entities, due to the kentucky corporate income tax rate reduction from 6% to 5%, as enacted by hb 487, effective january 1, 2018.
see note 6 to the financial statements for additional information on income taxes.
change
(a)   primarily represents financing and certain other costs incurred at the corporate level that have not been allocated or assigned to the segments, which are presented to reconcile segment information to ppl's consolidated results. the increase in 2018 compared with 2017 was primarily due to lower income tax expense of $82 million, partially offset by higher interest expense of $15 million, talen montana litigation costs of $9 million and higher charitable contributions of $6 million. 2017 includes $97 million of additional income tax expense related to the enactment of the tcja. see note 6 to the financial statements for additional information.
earnings from ongoing operations management utilizes "earnings from ongoing operations" as a non-gaap financial measure that should not be considered as an alternative to net income, an indicator of operating performance determined in accordance with gaap. ppl believes that earnings from ongoing operations is useful and meaningful to investors because it provides management's view of ppl's earnings performance as another criterion in making investment decisions. in addition, ppl's management uses earnings from ongoing operations in measuring achievement of certain corporate performance goals, including targets for certain executive incentive compensation. other companies may use different measures to present financial performance.
earnings from ongoing operations is adjusted for the impact of special items. special items are presented in the financial tables on an after-tax basis with the related income taxes on special items separately disclosed. income taxes on special items, when applicable, are calculated based on the effective tax rate of the entity where the activity is recorded. special items include:
•   unrealized gains or losses on foreign currency economic hedges (as discussed below).
•   spinoff of the supply segment.
•   gains and losses on sales of assets not in the ordinary course of business.
•   significant workforce reduction and other restructuring effects.
•   acquisition and divestiture-related adjustments.
•   other charges or credits that are, in management's view, non-recurring or otherwise not reflective of the company's ongoing operations.
unrealized gains or losses on foreign currency economic hedges include the changes in fair value of foreign currency contracts used to hedge gbp-denominated anticipated earnings. the changes in fair value of these contracts are recognized immediately within gaap earnings. management believes that excluding these amounts from earnings from ongoing operations until settlement of the contracts provides a better matching of the financial impacts of those contracts with the economic value of ppl's underlying hedged earnings. see note 17 to the financial statements and "risk management" below for additional information on foreign currency economic activity.
change
see "reconciliation of earnings from ongoing operations" below for a reconciliation of this non-gaap financial measure to net income.
u.k. regulated segment the u.k. regulated segment consists of ppl global, which primarily includes wpd's regulated electricity distribution operations, the results of hedging the translation of wpd's earnings from gbp into u.s. dollars, and certain costs, such as u.s. income taxes, administrative costs, and certain acquisition-related financing costs. the u.k. regulated segment represents 61% of ppl's net income for 2018 and 38% of ppl's assets at december 31, 2018.
change
less: special items                      146                (233   )             231                   379                    (464      )
the following after-tax gains (losses), which management considers special items, impacted the u.k. regulated segment's results and are excluded from earnings from ongoing operations.
income statement line item                   2018   2017                         2016
foreign currency economic hedges, net of tax of ($39), $59, $4 (a)           other income (expense) - net             $148           $(111     )           $(8   )
u.s. tax reform (b)                                                          income taxes                                3           (122      )             -
settlement of foreign currency contracts, net of tax of $0, $0, ($108) (c)   other income (expense) - net                -           -                     202
change in u.k. tax rate (d)                                                  income taxes                                -           -                      37
death benefit, net of tax of $1, $0, $0 (e)                                  other operation and maintenance            (5   )       -                       -
(a)   represents unrealized gains (losses) on contracts that economically hedge anticipated gbp-denominated earnings. 2016 includes the reversal of $310 million ($202 million after-tax) of unrealized gains related to the settlement of 2017 and 2018 contracts.
(b)   during 2018, ppl recorded adjustments to certain provisional amounts recognized in the december 31, 2017 statement of income relating to the enactment of the tcja.
during 2017, ppl recorded deferred income tax expense for the enactment of the tcja. see note 6 to the financial statements for additional information.
(c)   in 2016, ppl settled 2017 and 2018 foreign currency contracts, resulting in $310 million of cash received ($202 million after-tax). the settlement did not have a material impact on net income as the contracts were previously marked to fair value and recognized in "other income (expense) - net" on the statement of income. see note 17 to the financial statements for additional information.
(d)   the u.k. finance act of 2016 reduced the u.k.'s statutory income tax rate. as a result, ppl reduced its net deferred tax liability and recognized a deferred tax benefit in 2016. see note 6 to the financial statements for additional information.
the changes in the components of the u.k. regulated segment's results between these periods were due to the factors set forth below, which reflect amounts classified as u.k. adjusted gross margins, the items that management considers special and the effects of movements in foreign currency exchange, including the effects of foreign currency hedge contracts, on separate lines and not in their respective statement of income line items.
foreign currency exchange, after-tax            87                    (185      )
special items, after-tax                       379                    (464      )
•   see "adjusted gross margins - changes in adjusted gross margins" for an explanation of u.k. adjusted gross margins.
•   higher depreciation expense in 2017 compared with 2016 primarily due to additions to pp&amp;e, net of retirements.
•   higher other income (expense) - net in 2018 compared with 2017 primarily due to higher pension income due to an increase in expected returns on higher asset balances.
•   higher other income (expense) - net in 2017 compared with 2016 primarily due to higher pension income due to an increase in expected returns on higher asset balances and lower interest costs due to a lower discount rate.
•   higher interest expense in 2017 compared with 2016 primarily due to higher interest expense on indexed linked bonds.
•   higher income taxes in 2018 compared with 2017 primarily due to higher pre-tax income.
•   lower income taxes in 2017 compared with 2016 primarily due to decreases of $10 million related to accelerated tax deductions and $7 million from lower u.k. tax rates, partially offset by an increase of $11 million from higher pre-tax income.
•   higher income taxes in 2018 compared with 2017 primarily due to a $35 million tax benefit on accelerated pension contributions in the first quarter of 2017 and a $16 million increase from a reduction in tax benefits on interest deductibility due to the u.s. federal corporate income tax rate reduction from 35% to 21%, as enacted by the tcja, effective january 1, 2018.
•   higher income taxes in 2017 compared with 2016 primarily due to a $37 million benefit related to foreign tax credit carryforwards in 2016, partially offset by a $29 million tax benefit on accelerated pension contributions made in the first quarter of 2017.
kentucky regulated segment the kentucky regulated segment consists primarily of lke's regulated electricity generation, transmission and distribution operations of lg&e and ku, as well as lg&e's regulated distribution and sale of natural gas. in addition, certain acquisition-related financing costs are allocated to the kentucky regulated segment. the kentucky regulated segment represents 22% of ppl's net income for 2018 and 35% of ppl's assets at december 31, 2018.
change
less: special items                       (7   )            (109   )               -                   102                     (109      )
the following after-tax gains (losses), which management considers special items, impacted the kentucky regulated segment's results and are excluded from earnings from ongoing operations.
income statement line item     2018                       2017   2016
u.s. tax reform (a)                                                       income taxes                       $2              $(112     )       $-
kentucky state tax reform (b)                                             income taxes                       (9      )       -                 -
adjustment to investment, net of tax of $0, $0, $0 (c)                    other income (expense) - net       -               (1        )       -
(a)   during 2018, lke recorded adjustments to certain provisional amounts associated with lke's non-regulated entities recognized in the december 31, 2017 statement of income relating to the enactment of the tcja.
during 2017, lke recorded deferred income tax expense related to the enactment of the tcja associated with lke's non-regulated entities. see note 6 to the financial statements for additional information.
(b)   during 2018, lke recorded deferred income tax expense, primarily associated with lke's non-regulated entities, due to the kentucky corporate income tax rate reduction from 6% to 5%, as enacted by hb 487, effective january 1, 2018. see note 6 to the financial statements for additional information.
(c)   ku recorded a write-off of an equity method investment.
(d)   recorded at lke and represents the settlement of a wke indemnification. see note 13 to the financial statements for additional information.
the changes in the components of the kentucky regulated segment's results between these periods were due to the factors set forth below, which reflect amounts classified as kentucky adjusted gross margins and the items that management considers special on separate lines and not in their respective statement of income line item.
special items, after-tax                   102                    (109      )
•   see "adjusted gross margins - changes in adjusted gross margins" for an explanation of kentucky adjusted gross margins.
•   higher other operation and maintenance expense in 2018 compared with 2017 primarily due to an $8 million increase in vegetation management, an $8 million increase in timing and scope of generation maintenance outages, a $7 million increase in gas distribution maintenance and compliance, a $7 million increase in electricity distribution outage and repairs and increases in other costs that were not individually significant in comparison to the prior year.
•   higher depreciation expense in 2018 compared with 2017 primarily due to a $16 million increase related to additional assets placed into service, net of retirements, and a $12 million increase related to higher depreciation rates effective july 1, 2017.
•   higher depreciation expense in 2017 compared with 2016 primarily due to a $15 million increase related to additional assets placed into service, net of retirements, and a $12 million increase related to higher depreciation rates effective july 1, 2017.
•   higher interest expense in 2018 compared with 2017 primarily due to increased borrowings under lg&amp;e's term loan credit facility and from affiliates.
•   lower income taxes in 2018 compared with 2017 primarily due to a $74 million decrease related to the impact of the u.s. federal corporate income tax rate reduction from 35% to 21%, as enacted by the tcja, effective january 1, 2018, a $42 million decrease related to lower pre-tax income and an $18 million decrease primarily related to higher amortization of excess deferred income taxes as a result of the tcja.
pennsylvania regulated segment the pennsylvania regulated segment includes the regulated electricity transmission and distribution operations of ppl electric. in addition, certain costs are allocated to the pennsylvania regulated segment. the pennsylvania regulated segment represents 24% of ppl's net income for 2018 and 26% of ppl's assets at december 31, 2018.
change
less: special items                       (5   )              10                   -                  (15      )               10
the following after-tax gains (losses), which management considers special items, impacted the pennsylvania regulated segment's results and are excluded from earnings from ongoing operations.
income statement line item        2018                     2017   2016
it transformation, net of tax of $2, $0, $0 (a)   other operation and maintenance       $(5     )          $-           $-
u.s. tax reform (b)                               income taxes                          -                  10           -
(a)   in june 2018, ppl eu services' it department announced an internal reorganization. as a result, $5 million of after-tax costs, which includes separation benefits as well as outside services for strategic consulting to establish the new it organization, were incurred. see note 13 to the financial statements for additional information.
(b)   during 2017, ppl recorded a deferred income tax benefit for the enactment of the tcja. see note 6 to the financial statements for additional information.
the changes in the components of the pennsylvania regulated segment's results between these periods were due to the factors set forth below, which reflect amounts classified as pennsylvania adjusted gross margins and the items that management considers special on separate lines and not in their respective statement of income line items.
special items, after-tax                      (15      )               10
•   see "adjusted gross margins - changes in adjusted gross margins" for an explanation of pennsylvania adjusted gross margins.
•   lower other operation and maintenance expense in 2018 compared with 2017 primarily due to $36 million of lower corporate service costs allocated to ppl electric, partially offset by $11 million of higher non-recoverable storm expenses and $11 million of higher bad debt expense.
•   lower other operation and maintenance expense in 2017 compared with 2016 primarily due to $17 million of lower bad debt expense, $17 million of lower vegetation management expenses and $14 million of lower payroll expenses, partially offset by $19 million of higher corporate service costs allocated to ppl electric.
•   higher depreciation expense in 2018 compared with 2017 and 2017 compared with 2016 primarily due to additional assets placed into service, related to the ongoing efforts to ensure the reliability of the delivery system and the replacement of aging infrastructure, net of retirements.
•   higher interest expense in 2018 compared with 2017 primarily due to the may 2017 issuance of $475 million of 3.95% first mortgage bonds and the june 2018 issuance of $400 million of 4.15% first mortgage bonds.
•   higher interest expense in 2017 compared with 2016 primarily due to the issuance of $475 million of 3.95% first mortgage bonds in may 2017.
•   lower income taxes in 2018 compared with 2017 primarily due to the impact of the u.s federal corporate income tax rate reduction from 35% to 21%, as enacted by the tcja, effective january 1, 2018 of $71 million and $18 million of lower income taxes due to amortization of excess deferred income taxes.
•   higher income taxes in 2017 compared with 2016 primarily due to higher pre-tax income at current period tax rates.
reconciliation of earnings from ongoing operations the following tables contain after-tax gains (losses), in total, which management considers special items, that are excluded from earnings from ongoing operations and a reconciliation to ppl's "net income" for the years ended december 31.
less: special items (expense) benefit:
foreign currency economic hedges, net of tax of ($39)         148                    -            -                    -                           148
u.s. tax reform (a)                                             3                    2            -                    (5          )                 -
kentucky state tax reform (b)                                   -                   (9     )      -                    -                            (9   )
it transformation, net of tax of $2                             -                    -            (5          )        -                            (5   )
talen litigation costs, net of tax of $2 (c)                    -                    -            -                    (7          )                (7   )
death benefit, net of tax of $1                                (5     )              -            -                    -                            (5   )
total special items                                           146                   (7     )      (5          )        (12         )               122
(a)   during 2018, ppl recorded adjustments to certain provisional amounts recognized in the december 31, 2017 statement of income relating to the enactment of the tcja. see note 6 to the financial statements for additional information.
(b)   during 2018, lke recorded deferred income tax expense, primarily associated with lke's non-regulated entities, due to the kentucky corporate income tax rate reduction from 6% to 5%, as enacted by hb 487, effective january 1, 2018. see note 6 to the financial statements for additional information.
(c)   during 2018, ppl incurred legal expenses related to litigation with its former affiliate, talen montana. see note 13 to the financial statements for additional information.
less: special items (expense) benefit:
foreign currency economic hedges, net of tax of $59               (111      )                -             -                       -                                  (111   )
spinoff of the supply segment, net of tax of ($1)                    -                       -             -                                     4                       4
u.s. tax reform (a)                                               (122      )             (112      )               10             (97               )                (321   )
adjustment to investment, net of tax of $0                           -                      (1      )      -                       -                                    (1   )
total special items                                               (233      )             (109      )               10             (93               )                (425   )
(a)   during 2017, ppl recorded deferred income tax (expense) benefit related to the enactment of the tcja. see note 6 to the financial statements for additional information.
less: special items (expense) benefit:
foreign currency economic hedges, net of tax of $4                        (8      )      -                    -                    -                                     (8   )
spinoff of the supply segment, net of tax of $2                            -             -                    -                    (3                )                   (3   )
settlement of foreign currency contracts, net of tax of ($108)           202             -                    -                    -                                    202
change in u.k. tax rate                                                   37             -                    -                    -                                     37
total special items                                                      231             -                    -                    (3                )                  228
adjusted gross margins management also utilizes the following non-gaap financial measures as indicators of performance for its businesses.
•   "u.k. adjusted gross margins" is a single financial performance measure of the electricity distribution operations of the u.k. regulated segment. in calculating this measure, direct costs such as connection charges from national grid, which owns and manages the electricity transmission network in england and wales, and ofgem license fees (recorded in "other operation and maintenance" on the statements of income) are deducted from operating revenues, as they are costs passed through to customers. as a result, this measure represents the net revenues from the delivery of electricity across wpd's distribution network in the u.k. and directly related activities.
•   "kentucky adjusted gross margins" is a single financial performance measure of the electricity generation, transmission and distribution operations of the kentucky regulated segment, lke, lg&amp;e and ku, as well as the kentucky regulated segment's, lke's and lg&amp;e's distribution and sale of natural gas. in calculating this measure, fuel, energy purchases and certain variable costs of production (recorded in "other operation and maintenance" on the statements of income) are deducted from operating revenues. in addition, certain other expenses, recorded in "other operation and maintenance", "depreciation" and "taxes, other than income" on the statements of income, associated with approved cost recovery mechanisms are offset against the recovery of those expenses, which are included in revenues. these mechanisms allow for direct recovery of these expenses and, in some cases, returns on capital investments and performance incentives. as a result, this measure represents the net revenues from electricity and gas operations.
•   "pennsylvania adjusted gross margins" is a single financial performance measure of the electricity transmission and distribution operations of the pennsylvania regulated segment and ppl electric. in calculating this measure, utility revenues and expenses associated with approved recovery mechanisms, including energy provided as a plr, are offset with minimal impact on earnings. costs associated with these mechanisms are recorded in "energy purchases," "other operation and maintenance," (which are primarily act 129, storm damage and universal service program costs), "depreciation" (which is primarily related to the act 129 smart meter program) and "taxes, other than income," (which is primarily gross receipts tax) on the statements of income. this measure represents the net revenues from the pennsylvania regulated segment's and ppl electric's electricity delivery operations.
these measures are not intended to replace "operating income," which is determined in accordance with gaap, as an indicator of overall operating performance. other companies may use different measures to analyze and report their results of operations. management believes these measures provide additional useful criteria to make investment decisions. these performance measures are used, in conjunction with other information, by senior management and ppl's board of directors to manage operations and analyze actual results compared with budget.
changes in adjusted gross margins the following table shows adjusted gross margins by ppl's reportable segments and by component, as applicable, for the year ended december 31 as well as the changes between periods. the factors that gave rise to the changes are described following the table.
change
impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates                                                                                                  98                    (145      )
u.k. adjusted gross margins excluding impact of foreign currency exchange rates                                                                      $39                     $30
u.k. adjusted gross margins u.k. adjusted gross margins, excluding the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates, increased in 2018 compared with 2017 primarily due to $52 million from the april 1, 2018 price increase, partially offset by $10 million from the april 1, 2017 price decrease, driven by lower true-up mechanisms partially offset by higher base demand revenue.
u.k. adjusted gross margins, excluding the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates, increased in 2017 compared with 2016 primarily due to $81 million from the april 1, 2016 price increase, partially offset by $30 million from lower volumes and $21 million from the april 1, 2017 price decrease, which includes lower true-up mechanisms partially offset by higher base demand revenue.
kentucky adjusted gross margins kentucky adjusted gross margins increased in 2018 compared with 2017 primarily due to $63 million of increased sales volumes related to favorable weather in 2018 ($23 million at lg&e and $40 million at ku), higher base rates of $58 million ($32 million at lg&e and $26 million at ku) as new base rates were approved by the kpsc effective july 1, 2017, returns on additional environmental capital investments of $19 million ($12 million at lg&e and $7 million at ku) and other factors that were not individually significant in comparison to the prior year, partially offset by $143 million of income tax savings owed to customers ($67 million at lg&e and $76 million at ku) related to the impact of u.s. federal corporate income tax rate reduction from 35% to 21%, as enacted by the tcja, effective january 1, 2018.
kentucky adjusted gross margins increased in 2017 compared with 2016 primarily due to higher base rates of $58 million ($32 million at lg&e and $26 million at ku) as new base rates were approved by the kpsc effective july 1, 2017 and gas cost recoveries added to base rates of $5 million at lg&e, partially offset by $41 million of lower sales volumes due to milder weather in 2017 ($15 million at lg&e and $26 million at ku).
pennsylvania adjusted gross margins distribution distribution adjusted gross margins decreased in 2018 compared with 2017 primarily due to a $37 million net of gross receipts tax impact of the estimated income tax savings owed to customers for the period january 1, 2018 through june 30, 2018 and $38 million from the negative surcharge beginning on july 1, 2018, as a result of the impact of the u.s. federal corporate income tax rate reduction from 35% to 21%, as enacted by the tcja. these decreases were partially offset by $43 million of higher electricity sales volumes primarily due to weather.
distribution adjusted gross margins decreased in 2017 compared with 2016 primarily due to $10 million of lower electricity sales volumes due to milder weather in 2017, partially offset by $7 million of returns on additional smart meter capital investments.
transmission transmission adjusted gross margins increased in 2018 compared with 2017 primarily due to increases of $78 million from returns on additional transmission capital investments focused on replacing aging infrastructure and improving reliability and $25 million as a result of a higher annual ppl zonal peak load billing factor in the first five months of 2018, partially offset by $38 million from the impact of the reduced federal income taxes as a result of the tcja.
transmission adjusted gross margins increased in 2017 compared with 2016 primarily due to an increase of $51 million from returns on additional transmission capital investments focused on replacing aging infrastructure and improving reliability, partially offset by a $17 million decrease as a result of a lower annual ppl zonal peak load billing factor which affected transmission revenue in the first five months of 2017.
reconciliation of adjusted gross margins the following tables contain the components from the statement of income that are included in the non-gaap financial measures and a reconciliation to ppl's "operating income" for the years ended december 31.
lower net income is projected in 2019 compared with 2018. the decrease in net income primarily reflects the 2018 favorable impact of unrealized gains on foreign currency economic hedges. excluding 2018 special items, net income is expected to increase primarily attributable to increases in the u.k. regulated segment and the corporate and other category. the following projections and factors underlying these projections (on an after-tax basis) are provided for ppl's segments and the corporate and other category and the related registrants.
lower net income is projected in 2019 compared with 2018. the decrease in net income reflects the 2018 favorable impact of unrealized gains on foreign currency economic hedges. excluding 2018 special items, net income is expected to increase driven primarily by higher revenues from higher prices, higher pension income and higher assumed gbp exchange rates, partially offset by higher interest expense and higher income taxes.
comparable net income is projected in 2019 compared with 2018, primarily driven by higher base electricity and gas rates and returns on additional environmental capital investments, offset by an assumed return to normal weather, higher operation and maintenance expense, higher depreciation expense and higher interest expense.
comparable net income is projected in 2019 compared with 2018, driven primarily by higher returns on transmission investments and lower operation and maintenance expense, offset by higher depreciation expense and an assumed return to normal weather.
lower costs are projected in 2019 compared with 2018, driven primarily by lower expenses and other factors.
earnings in future periods are subject to various risks and uncertainties. see "forward-looking information," "item 1. business," "item 1a. risk factors," the rest of this item 7, and notes 1, 7 and 13 to the financial statements (as applicable) for a discussion of the risks, uncertainties and factors that may impact future earnings.
ppl electric: statement of income analysis, earnings and adjusted gross margins statement of income analysis net income for the years ended december 31 includes the following results.
change
transmission formula rate (d)            62          34
(a)   distribution rider prices resulted in an increase of $47 million in 2017 as compared with 2016.
(b)   increase in 2018 compared with 2017 was primarily due to favorable weather in 2018. decrease in 2017 compared with 2016 was primarily due to milder weather in 2017.
(c)   increase in 2018 compared with 2017 was primarily due to higher energy purchase volumes.
(d)   transmission formula rate revenues increased primarily from returns on additional transmission capital investments focused on replacing aging infrastructure and improving reliability and includes the impacts of the tcja which reduced the new revenue requirement that went into effect june 1, 2018.
(e)   represents the estimated income tax savings owed to or already returned to distribution customers related to the impact of the u.s federal corporate income tax rate reduction from 35% to 21%, as enacted by the tcja, effective january 1, 2018. see note 7 to the financial statements for additional information.
energy purchases energy purchases increased $37 million in 2018 compared with 2017. this increase was primarily due to higher energy volumes. energy purchases decreased $28 million in 2017 compared with 2016 primarily due to lower plr prices.
vegetation management                  (3      )              (17      )
payroll-related costs                  (5      )              (14      )
corporate service costs               (29      )               19
storm costs                             9                       5
depreciation depreciation increased by $43 million in 2018 compared with 2017 and $56 million in 2017 compared with 2016. these increases were primarily due to additional assets placed into service, related to the ongoing efforts to ensure the reliability of the delivery system and the replacement of aging infrastructure as well as the roll-out of the act 129 smart meter program, net of retirements.
interest expense interest expense increased $17 million in 2018 compared with 2017, primarily due to the june 2018 issuance of $400 million of 4.15% first mortgage bonds due 2048 and the may 2017 issuance of $475 million of 3.950% first mortgage bonds due 2047.
interest expense increased $13 million in 2017 compared with 2016, primarily due to the may 2017 issuance of $475 million of 3.950% first mortgage bonds due 2047.
change in pre-tax income at current period tax rates           $(4      )              $10
depreciation and other items not normalized                     (3      )                -
deferred tax impact of u.s. tax reform (b)                      13                     (13      )
(b)   during 2017, ppl electric recorded a deferred income tax benefit related to the u.s. federal corporate income tax rate reduction from 35% to 21% enacted by the tcja.
see note 6 to the financial statements for additional information on income taxes.
special items, gains (losses), after-tax        (5   )            10                 -
excluding special items, earnings increased in 2018 compared with 2017, driven primarily by returns on additional capital investments in transmission, a higher annual ppl zonal peak load billing factor and higher distribution sales volumes primarily due to favorable weather, partially offset by higher depreciation expense and higher interest expense.
excluding special items, earnings increased in 2017 compared with 2016, primarily due to lower operation and maintenance expense and higher transmission margins from additional capital investments, partially offset by a lower annual ppl zonal peak load billing factor, lower distribution sales volumes due to unfavorable weather, higher depreciation expense, higher interest expense and higher income taxes.
the table below quantifies the changes in the components of net income between these periods, which reflect amounts classified as pennsylvania adjusted gross margins and items that management considers special on separate lines within the table and not in their respective statement of income line items.
special items, after-tax (a)                  (15      )               10
(a)   see ppl's "results of operations - segment earnings - pennsylvania regulated segment" for details of the special items.
"pennsylvania adjusted gross margins" is a non-gaap financial performance measure that management utilizes as an indicator of the performance of its business. see ppl's "results of operations - adjusted gross margins" for information on why management believes this measure is useful and for explanations of the underlying drivers of the changes between periods.
the following tables contain the components from the statements of income that are included in this non-gaap financial measure and a reconciliation to "operating income."
lke: statement of income analysis, earnings and adjusted gross margins statement of income analysis net income for the years ended december 31 includes the following results.
change
interest expense with affiliate          25                  18                  17                     7                        1
(a)   increase in 2018 compared with 2017 primarily due to favorable weather in 2018. decrease in 2017 compared with 2016 primarily due to milder weather in 2017.
(c)   represents income tax savings owed to customers related to the impact of the u.s. federal corporate income tax rate reduction from 35% to 21%, as enacted by the tcja, effective january 1, 2018. see note 7 to the financial statements for additional information.
fuel fuel increased $40 million in 2018 compared with 2017, primarily due to an increase in volumes driven by weather in 2018.
fuel decreased $32 million in 2017 compared with 2016, primarily due to a decrease in volumes driven by weather in 2017.
energy purchases energy purchases increased $23 million in 2018 compared with 2017, primarily due to an increase in gas volumes driven by weather in 2018.
vegetation management                                         $8                      $2
gas distribution maintenance and compliance                    7                       3
electricity distribution outage and repairs                    7                       -
storm costs                                                    3                      (1      )
depreciation depreciation increased $36 million in 2018 compared with 2017, primarily due to a $15 million increase related to additional assets placed into service, net of retirements, and a $15 million increase related to higher depreciation rates effective july 1, 2017.
depreciation increased $35 million in 2017 compared with 2016, primarily due to a $19 million increase related additional assets placed into service, net of retirements, and a $15 million increase related to higher depreciation rates effective july 1, 2017.
deferred tax impact of u.s. tax reform (a)                                 $(112      )             $112
change in pre-tax income                                                     (46      )                2
deferred tax impact of kentucky state tax reform (d)                           9                       -
(a)   during 2017, lke recorded deferred tax expense related to the u.s. federal corporate income tax rate reduction from 35% to 21% enacted by the tcja associated with lke's non-regulated entities.
(b)   the decrease is related to the impact of the u.s. federal corporate income tax rate reduction from 35% to 21%, as enacted by the tcja, effective january 1, 2018. see note 6 to the financial statements for additional information.
(d)   during 2018, lke recorded deferred income tax expense, primarily associated with lke's non-regulated entities, due to the kentucky corporate income tax rate reduction from 6% to 5%, as enacted by hb 487, effective january 1, 2018. see note 6 to the financial statements for additional information.
see note 6 to the financial statements for additional information on income taxes.
special items, gains (losses), after-tax        (7   )          (109   )             -
excluding special items, earnings increased in 2018 compared with 2017, primarily due to higher electricity and gas sales volumes driven by favorable weather in 2018, higher base electricity and gas rates effective july 1, 2017 and returns on additional environmental capital investments, partially offset by higher other operation and maintenance expense, higher depreciation expense, higher interest expense and a lower tax shield on holding company interest and expenses.
excluding special items, earnings decreased in 2017 compared with 2016, primarily due to lower electricity and gas sales volumes driven by milder weather in 2017 and higher depreciation expense, partially offset by higher base electricity and gas rates effective july 1, 2017.
the table below quantifies the changes in the components of net income between these periods, which reflect amounts classified as margins and an item that management considers special on separate lines and not in their respective statement of income line items.
special items, gains (losses), after-tax (a)           102                    (109      )
(a)   see ppl's "results of operations - segment earnings - kentucky regulated segment" for details of the special items.
"adjusted gross margins" is a non-gaap financial performance measure that management utilizes as an indicator of the performance of its business. see ppl's "results of operations - adjusted gross margins" for an explanation of why management believes this measure is useful and the factors underlying changes between periods. within ppl's discussion, lke's adjusted gross margins are referred to as "kentucky adjusted gross margins."
the following tables contain the components from the statements of income that are included in this non-gaap financial measure and a reconciliation to "operating income" for the periods ended december 31.
lg&e: statement of income analysis, earnings and adjusted gross margins statement of income analysis net income for the years ended december 31 includes the following results.
change
(a)   increase in 2018 compared with 2017 primarily due to favorable weather in 2018. decrease in 2017 compared with 2016 primarily due to milder weather in 2017.
(c)   represents income tax savings owed to customers related to the impact of the u.s. federal corporate income tax rate reduction from 35% to 21%, as enacted by the tcja, effective january 1, 2018. see note 6 to the financial statements for additional information.
fuel fuel increased $16 million in 2018 compared with 2017, primarily due to an increase in volumes driven by weather in 2018.
fuel decreased $9 million in 2017 compared with 2016, primarily due to a decrease in commodity costs.
energy purchases energy purchases increased $23 million in 2018 compared with 2017, primarily due to an increase in gas volumes driven by weather in 2018.
gas distribution maintenance and compliance                   $7                   $3
electricity distribution outage and repairs                    5                    -
storm costs                                                    3                   (1      )
vegetation management                                          2                    -
depreciation depreciation increased $12 million in 2018 compared with 2017, primarily due to a $7 million increase related to additional assets placed into service, net of retirements, and a $4 million increase related to higher depreciation rates effective july 1, 2017.
depreciation increased $13 million in 2017 compared with 2016, primarily due to a $9 million increase related to additional assets placed into service, net of retirements, and a $4 million increase related to higher depreciation rates effective july 1, 2017.
change in pre-tax income                                                     (18      )                5
see note 6 to the financial statements for additional information on income taxes.
special items, gains (losses), after-tax (a)         -                 -                 -
(a)   there are no items management considers special for the periods presented.
earnings in 2018 compared with 2017 increased primarily due to higher electricity and gas sales volumes driven by favorable weather in 2018, higher base electricity and gas rates effective july 1, 2017 and returns on additional environmental capital investments, partially offset by higher other operation and maintenance expense and higher depreciation expense.
earnings in 2017 compared with 2016 increased primarily due to higher base electricity and gas rates effective july 1, 2017, partially offset by lower electricity and gas sales volumes driven by milder weather in 2017 and higher depreciation expense.
the table below quantifies the changes in the components of net income between these periods, which reflect amounts classified as adjusted gross margins on a separate line and not in their respective statement of income line items.
"adjusted gross margins" is a non-gaap financial performance measure that management utilizes as an indicator of the performance of its business. see ppl's "results of operations - adjusted gross margins" for an explanation of why management believes this measure is useful and the underlying drivers of the changes between periods. within ppl's discussion, lg&e's adjusted gross margins are included in "kentucky adjusted gross margins."
the following tables contain the components from the statements of income that are included in this non-gaap financial measure and a reconciliation to "operating income" for the periods ended december 31.
ku: statement of income analysis, earnings and adjusted gross margins statement of income analysis net income for the years ended december 31 includes the following results.
change
(a)   increase in 2018 compared with 2017 primarily due to favorable weather in 2018. decrease in 2017 compared with 2016 primarily due to milder weather in 2017.
(c)   represents income tax savings owed to customers related to the impact of the u.s. federal corporate income tax rate reduction from 35% to 21%, as enacted by the tcja, effective january 1, 2018. see note 6 to the financial statements for additional information.
fuel fuel increased $24 million in 2018 compared with 2017, primarily due to an increase in volumes driven by weather in 2018.
fuel decreased $23 million in 2017 compared with 2016, primarily due to a decrease in volumes driven by milder weather in 2017.
vegetation management                                          6                       2
electricity distribution outage and repairs                    2                       -
depreciation depreciation increased $24 million in 2018 compared with 2017, primarily due to an $11 million increase related to higher depreciation rates effective july 1, 2017, and an $8 million increase related to additional assets placed into service, net of retirements.
depreciation increased $21 million in 2017 compared with 2016, primarily due to an $11 million increase related to higher depreciation rates effective july 1, 2017, and a $9 million increase related to additional assets placed into service, net of retirements.
change in pre-tax income                                                     (22      )   (4            )
see note 6 to the financial statements for additional information on income taxes.
special items, gains (losses), after tax         -                (1   )             -
excluding special items, earnings increased in 2018 compared with 2017, primarily due to higher electricity sales volumes driven by favorable weather in 2018, higher base electricity rates effective july 1, 2017 and returns on additional environmental capital investments, partially offset by higher other operation and maintenance expense and higher depreciation expense.
excluding special items, earnings decreased in 2017 compared with 2016, primarily due to lower electricity sales volumes driven by milder weather in 2017 and higher depreciation expense, partially offset by higher base electricity rates effective july 1, 2017.
the table below quantifies the changes in the components of net income between these periods, which reflect amounts classified as adjusted gross margins on separate line and not in their respective statement of income line items.
special items, gains (losses), after-tax (a)             1                      (1      )
(a)   see ppl's "results of operations - segment earnings - kentucky regulated segment" for details of the special item.
"adjusted gross margins" is a non-gaap financial performance measure that management utilizes as an indicator of the performance of its business. see ppl's "results of operations - adjusted gross margins" for an explanation of why management believes this measure is useful and the factors underlying changes between periods. within ppl's discussion, ku's adjusted gross margins are included in "kentucky adjusted gross margins."
the following tables contain the components from the statements of income that are included in this non-gaap financial measure and a reconciliation to "operating income."
financial condition the remainder of this item 7 in this form 10-k is presented on a combined basis, providing information, as applicable, for all registrants.
liquidity and capital resources
the registrants' cash flows from operations and access to cost effective bank and capital markets are subject to risks and uncertainties. see "item 1a. risk factors" for a discussion of risks and uncertainties that could affect the registrants' cash flows.
long-term debt due within one year       530            -                       530               434               96
notes payable with affiliates                           -                       113                 -                -
long-term debt due within one year       348            -                        98                98                -
notes payable with affiliates                           -                       225                 -                -
long-term debt due within one year       518                  224               194               194                -
notes payables with affiliates                          -                       163                 -                -
(a)   at december 31, 2018, $3 million of cash and cash equivalents were denominated in gbp. if these amounts would be remitted as dividends, ppl would not anticipate an incremental u.s. tax cost. see note 6 to the financial statements for additional information on undistributed earnings of wpd.
net cash provided by (used in) operating, investing and financing activities for the years ended december 31 and the changes between periods were as follows.
operating activities      $2,821                $978                  $915              $443               $581
investing activities      (3,361   )          (1,193     )          (1,116   )          (554    )          (561   )
financing activities         690                 433                   195               106                (21   )
operating activities      $2,461                $880                $1,099              $512               $634
investing activities      (3,161   )          (1,252     )            (888   )          (458    )          (428   )
financing activities         824                 408                  (194   )           (44    )          (198   )
operating activities      $2,890                $872                $1,027              $482               $606
investing activities      (2,926   )          (1,130     )            (790   )          (439    )          (349   )
financing activities        (439   )             224                  (254   )           (57    )          (261   )
2018 vs. 2017 change operating activities        $360                 $98                 $(184   )          $(69    )          $(53   )
investing activities        (200   )              59                  (228   )           (96    )          (133   )
financing activities        (134   )              25                   389               150                177
2017 vs. 2016 change operating activities       $(429   )              $8                   $72               $30                $28
investing activities        (235   )            (122     )             (98   )           (19    )           (79   )
financing activities       1,263                 184                    60                13                 63
operating activities the components of the change in cash provided by (used in) operating activities were as follows.
change - cash provided (used):
working capital                      199                 134                 34               51                89
defined benefit plan funding         204                  (4     )          (96   )          (57    )          (31   )
other operating activities            10                   6                (69   )          (24    )          (44   )
change - cash provided (used):
working capital                       38                 (87     )           93              (33    )          (14   )
defined benefit plan funding        (138   )             (24     )           50               42                (3   )
other operating activities            82                  (3     )           11               19                 9
ppl had a $360 million increase in cash provided by operating activities in 2018 compared with 2017.
•   net income increased $699 million between periods and included a decrease in net non-cash charges of $752 million. the decrease in net non-cash charges was primarily due to an increase in unrealized gains on hedging activities, a decrease in deferred income taxes (primarily due to the unfavorable adjustments recorded in 2017 for the tax changes
related to the enactment of tcja) and an increase in the u.k. net periodic defined benefit credits (primarily due to an increase in expected returns on higher asset balances).
•   the $199 million increase in cash from changes in working capital was primarily due to a decrease in unbilled revenue (primarily due to lower volumes due to milder temperatures in december 2018 versus december 2017), an increase in accounts payable (primarily due to timing of payments), a decrease in accounts receivable (primarily due to timing of receipts) and a decrease in net regulatory assets and liabilities (primarily due to the impact of the tcja and timing of rate recovery mechanisms), partially offset by a decrease in customer deposits and an increase in fuel, materials and supplies (primarily due to higher generation driven by weather in 2018 compared with 2017).
•   defined benefit plan funding was $204 million lower in 2018. the decrease was primarily due to the acceleration of wpd's contributions to its u.k. pension plans in 2017.
ppl had a $429 million decrease in cash provided by operating activities in 2017 compared with 2016.
•   net income declined $774 million between periods and included net non-cash benefits of $363 million. the increase in net non-cash benefits was primarily due to an increase in unrealized losses on hedging activities, an increase in deferred income taxes (primarily due to the impact of the tcja) and an increase in depreciation expense (primarily due to additional assets placed into service, net of retirements, and higher depreciation rates at lg&amp;e and ku effective july 1, 2017, partially offset by the impact of foreign currency at wpd), partially offset by an increase in the u.k. net periodic defined benefit credits (primarily due to a decrease in the u.k. pension plan discount rates used to calculate the interest cost component of the net periodic defined benefit costs (credits) and increase in expected returns).
•   the $38 million increase in cash from changes in working capital was primarily due a decrease in net regulatory assets and liabilities (due to timing of rate recovery mechanisms), a decrease in fuel, materials and supplies (primarily due to a decrease in fuel purchases due to lower generation driven by milder weather in 2017 compared to 2016) and a decrease in unbilled revenue (primarily due to lower growth in volumes in 2017 compared to 2016), partially offset by a decrease in accounts payable (due to timing of payments), a decrease in taxes payable (primarily due to the timing of payments) and an increase in accounts receivable.
•   defined benefit plan funding was $138 million higher in 2017. the increase was primarily due to the acceleration of wpd's contributions to its u.k. pension plans.
ppl electric had a $98 million increase in cash provided by operating activities in 2018 compared with 2017.
•   net income improved by $68 million between the periods. this included a decrease of $106 million of net non-cash charges primarily due to a $133 million decrease in deferred income tax expense (primarily due to book versus tax plant timing differences) partially offset by a $43 million increase in depreciation expense (primarily due to additional assets placed into service, net of retirements, related to the ongoing efforts to ensure the reliability of the delivery system, the replacement of aging infrastructure as well as the roll-out of the act 129 smart meter program).
•   the $134 million increase in cash from changes in working capital was primarily due to a decrease in accounts receivable (primarily due to the timing of receipts including the 2017 federal income tax benefit refund received in 2018) and a decrease in unbilled revenues (primarily due to colder weather in december 2017).
ppl electric had an $8 million increase in cash provided by operating activities in 2017 compared with 2016.
•   net income improved by $22 million between the periods. this included an additional $100 million of net non-cash benefits primarily due to a $56 million increase in depreciation expense (primarily due to additional assets placed into service, related to the ongoing efforts to ensure the reliability of the delivery system and the replacement of aging infrastructure as well as the roll-out of the act 129 smart meter program, net of retirements) and a $37 million increase in deferred income taxes (primarily due to book versus tax plant timing differences).
•   the $87 million decrease in cash from changes in working capital was primarily due to an increase in accounts receivable (primarily due to a 2017 federal income tax benefit refund, not yet received), a decrease in accounts payable (primarily due to timing of payments) and an increase in prepayments (primarily due to an increase in the 2017 gross receipts tax prepayment compared to 2016), partially offset by an decrease in net regulatory assets and liabilities (due to timing of rate recovery mechanisms) and a decrease in unbilled revenue (primarily due to lower growth in volumes in 2017 compared to 2016).
•   pension funding was $24 million higher in 2017 due to contributions made in 2017 to the ppl retirement plan.
lke had a $184 million decrease in cash provided by operating activities in 2018 compared with 2017.
•   net income increased $129 million between the periods and included a decrease in net non-cash charges of $182 million. the decrease in net non-cash charges was primarily driven by a decrease in deferred income tax expense (primarily due to book versus tax plant timing differences and the impacts of federal and state tax reform), partially offset by an increase in depreciation expense (primarily due to higher depreciation rates effective july 1, 2017 and additional assets placed into service, net of retirements).
•   the increase in cash from changes in working capital was primarily driven by a decrease in unbilled revenues (primarily due to milder weather in december 2018 compared to 2017), an increase in accounts payable (primarily due to timing of payments) and a decrease in net regulatory assets and liabilities (primarily due to the impact of the tjca and the timing of rate recovery mechanisms), partially offset by a decrease in other current liabilities and accrued taxes (primarily due to timing of payments) and an increase in fuel purchases (primarily due to higher generation driven by weather in 2018 compared with 2017).
•   defined benefit plan funding was $96 million higher in 2018.
•   the decrease in cash from lke's other operating activities was driven primarily by an increase in aro expenditures and an increase in other assets (primarily due to non-current regulatory asset increases as a result of significant storm activity).
lke had a $72 million increase in cash provided by operating activities in 2017 compared with 2016.
•   the increase in cash from changes in working capital was driven primarily by an increase in other current liabilities (due to customer advances and the timing of payments), a decrease in fuel purchases (primarily due to lower generation driven by milder weather in 2017 compared to 2016), an increase in taxes payable (primarily due to the timing of payments), partially offset by a decrease in accounts payable (primarily due to the timing of payments).
•   defined benefit plan funding was $50 million lower in 2017.
lg&e had a $69 million decrease in cash provided by operating activities in 2018 compared with 2017.
•   net income increased $20 million between the periods and included a decrease in net non-cash charges of $59 million. the decrease in net non-cash charges was primarily driven by a decrease in deferred income tax expense (primarily due to book versus tax plant timing differences and the impacts of federal and state tax reform), partially offset by an increase in depreciation expense (primarily due to higher depreciation rates effective july 1, 2017 and additional assets placed into service, net of retirements).
•   the increase in cash from changes in working capital was primarily driven by a decrease in unbilled revenues (primarily due to milder weather in december 2018 compared to 2017), an increase in accounts payable and accrued taxes (primarily due to timing of payments) and a decrease in net regulatory assets and liabilities (primarily due to the impact of the tjca and the timing of rate recovery mechanisms), partially offset by a decrease in other current liabilities (primarily due to timing of payments).
•   defined benefit plan funding was $57 million higher in 2018.
•   the decrease in cash from lg&amp;e's other operating activities was driven primarily by an increase in other assets (primarily due to non-current regulatory asset increases as a result of significant storm activity).
lg&e had a $30 million increase in cash provided by operating activities in 2017 compared with 2016.
•   the decrease in cash from changes in working capital was driven primarily by decreases in accounts payable and taxes payable (primarily due to the timing of payments), partially offset by a decrease in accounts receivable from affiliates (due to lower intercompany settlements associated with energy sales and inventory) and an increase in other current liabilities (primarily due to customer advances and the timing of payments).
•   defined benefit plan funding was $42 million lower in 2017.
•   the increase in cash from lg&amp;e's other operating activities was driven primarily by lower payments for the settlement of interest rate swaps.
ku had a $53 million decrease in cash provided by operating activities in 2018 compared with 2017.
•   net income increased $27 million between the periods and included a decrease in net non-cash charges of $94 million. the decrease in net non-cash charges was primarily driven by a decrease in deferred income tax expense (primarily due to book versus tax plant timing differences, differences in the utilization of net operating losses and the impacts of federal and state tax reform), partially offset by an increase in depreciation expense (primarily due to higher depreciation rates effective july 1, 2017 and additional assets placed into service, net of retirements).
•   the increase in cash from changes in working capital was primarily driven by a decrease in unbilled revenues (primarily due to milder weather in december 2018 compared to 2017), an increase in accrued taxes and accounts payable (primarily due to timing of payments), and a decrease in net regulatory assets and liabilities (primarily due to the impact of the tjca and the timing of rate recovery mechanisms), partially offset by an increase in fuel purchases (primarily due to higher generation driven by weather in 2018 compared to 2017) and a decrease in other current liabilities (primarily due to timing of payments).
•   defined benefit plan funding was $31 million higher in 2018.
•   the decrease in cash from ku's other operating activities was driven primarily by an increase in aro expenditures and an increase in other assets (primarily due to noncurrent regulatory asset increases as a result of significant storm activity).
ku had a $28 million increase in cash provided by operating activities in 2017 compared with 2016.
•   the decrease in cash from changes in working capital was driven primarily by a decrease in taxes payable (primarily due to the timing of payments) and a decrease in accounts payable to affiliates (due to lower intercompany settlements associated with energy purchases and inventory), partially offset by a decrease in fuel purchases (primarily due to lower generation driven by milder weather in 2017 compared to 2016) and an increase in accounts payable (primarily due to the timing of payments).
investing activities
the components of the change in cash provided by (used in) investing activities were as follows.
change - cash provided (used):
expenditures for pp&amp;e                   $(105     )      $52                  $(225     )   $(96      )       $(130     )
purchase of available-for-sale securities   (65       )      -                    -             -                 -
other investing activities                  (30       )   7                       (3        )   -                 (3        )
change - cash provided (used):
expenditures for pp&amp;e                   $(213     )      $(119       )        $(101     )   $(19      )       $(82      )
other investing activities                  (22       )      (3          )     3                -              3
for ppl, in 2018 compared with 2017, higher project expenditures at lke, lg&e and ku were partially offset by lower project expenditures at wpd and ppl electric. the increase in expenditures for lke, lg&e and ku was primarily due to increased spending for environmental water projects at lg&e's mill creek and trimble county plants and increased spending for environmental water projects at ku's ghent plant. the decrease in expenditures at wpd was primarily due to a decrease in expenditures to enhance system reliability partially offset by an increase in foreign currency exchange rates. the decrease in expenditures for ppl electric was primarily due to timing differences on capital spending projects related to ongoing efforts to improve reliability and replace aging infrastructure.
for ppl, in 2017 compared with 2016, higher project expenditures at ppl electric, lke, lg&e and ku were partially offset by lower project expenditures at wpd. the increase in project expenditures for ppl electric was primarily due to an increase in capital spending related to the ongoing efforts to improve reliability and replace aging infrastructure, as well as the roll-out of the act 129 smart meter program. the increase in expenditures for lke, lg&e and ku was primarily due to increased spending for environmental water projects at lg&e's mill creek plant, ccr projects at the trimble county plant and increased spending on various transmission projects at ku, partially offset by lower spending driven by completion of environmental air projects. the decrease in expenditures at wpd was primarily due to a decrease in foreign currency exchange rates partially offset by an increase in expenditures to enhance system reliability.
see "forecasted uses of cash" for detail regarding projected capital expenditures for the years 2019 through 2023.
financing activities
the components of the change in cash provided by (used in) financing activities were as follows.
change - cash provided (used):
capital contributions/distributions, net                     (146        )             100               53                 45
changes in net short-term debt                 248                 295                 211               50                161
note payable with affiliate                                  -                        (174   )            -            -
other financing activities                      (1   )               2                   1                1            -
change - cash provided (used):
capital contributions/distributions, net                   355                          (147   )          (41    )      (20     )
changes in net short-term debt                    86                (590     )   139               3                       61
note payable with affiliate                                            -                 (47   )            -           -
other financing activities                       (25   )              (3     )             -                -           -
for ppl, in 2018 compared with 2017, $134 million less cash from financing activities was required primarily due to improvements in cash from operations of $360 million.
for ppl, in 2017 compared with 2016, cash provided by financing activities increased primarily as a result of an increase in cash required to fund capital and general corporate expenditures and a decrease in cash from operations of $429 million.
for ppl electric, in 2018 compared with 2017 and 2017 compared with 2016, cash provided by financing activities increased primarily as a result of an increase in cash required to fund capital and general expenditures.
for lke, lg&e and ku, in 2018 compared with 2017 and 2017 compared with 2016, cash provided by financing activities increased primarily as a result of an increase in cash required to fund capital and general corporate expenditures.
see "long-term debt and equity securities" below for additional information on current year activity. see "forecasted sources of cash" for a discussion of the registrants' plans to issue debt and equity securities, as well as a discussion of credit facility capacity available to the registrants. also see "forecasted uses of cash" for a discussion of ppl's plans to pay dividends on common securities in the future, as well as the registrants' maturities of long-term debt.
long-term debt and equity securities long-term debt and equity securities activity for 2018 included:
(a)   issuances are net of pricing discounts, where applicable, and exclude the impact of debt issuance costs. includes debt issuances with affiliates.
see note 8 to the financial statements for additional information about long-term debt.
equity securities activities equity forward contracts in may 2018, ppl completed a registered underwritten public offering of 55 million shares of its common stock. in connection with that offering, the underwriters exercised an option to purchase 8.25 million additional shares of ppl common stock solely to cover over-allotments.
in connection with the registered public offering, ppl entered into forward sale agreements with two counterparties covering the 63.25 million shares of ppl common stock. full settlement of these forward sale agreements will occur no later than november 2019. ppl only receives proceeds and issues shares of common stock upon any settlements of the forward sale agreements. ppl intends to use net proceeds that it receives upon any settlement for general corporate purposes.
in september 2018, ppl settled a portion of the initial forward sale agreements by issuing 20 million shares of ppl common stock, resulting in net cash proceeds of $520 million.
see note 8 to the financial statements for additional information.
atm program in february 2018, ppl entered into an equity distribution agreement, pursuant to which ppl may sell, from time to time, up to an aggregate of $1.0 billion of its common stock through an at-the-market offering program; including a forward sales component. the compensation paid to the selling agents by ppl may be up to 2% of the gross offering proceeds. ppl issued 4.2 million shares of common stock and received gross proceeds of $119 million for the year ended december 31, 2018.
forecasted sources of cash
the registrants expect to continue to have adequate liquidity available from operating cash flows, cash and cash equivalents, credit facilities and commercial paper issuances. additionally, subject to market conditions, the registrants and their subsidiaries may access the capital markets, and ppl electric, lg&e and ku anticipate receiving equity contributions from their parent or member in 2019.
credit facilities the registrants maintain credit facilities to enhance liquidity, provide credit support and provide a backstop to commercial paper programs. amounts borrowed under these credit facilities are reflected in "short-term debt" on the balance sheets. at december 31, 2018, the total committed borrowing capacity under credit facilities and the borrowings under these facilities were:
external committed capacity       borrowed                 letters ofcreditandcommercialpaperissued           unusedcapacity ppl capital funding credit facilities            $1,050                $-                                           $684                              $366
ppl electric credit facility                        650                -                                               1                               649
lg&amp;e credit facilities                          700                     200                                      279                               221
ku credit facilities                                598                -                                             433                               165
total u.s. credit facilities (a) (b)             $2,998                $200                                       $1,397                            $1,401
total u.k. credit facilities (b) (c)         £    1,055                £    195                        £               -                          £    861
(a)   the syndicated credit facilities, ku's letter of credit facility and ppl capital funding's bilateral facility, each contain a financial covenant requiring debt to total capitalization not to exceed 70% for ppl capital funding, ppl electric, lke, lg&amp;e and ku, as calculated in accordance with the facility, and other customary covenants.
the commitments under the domestic credit facilities are provided by a diverse bank group, with no one bank and its affiliates providing an aggregate commitment of more than the following percentages of the total committed capacity: ppl - 11%, ppl electric 7%, lke - 19%, lg&e - 33% and ku - 37%.
(b)   each company pays customary fees under its respective syndicated credit facility, as does lg&amp;e under its term loan agreement and ku under its letter of credit facility. borrowings generally bear interest at libor-based rates plus an applicable margin.
(c)   the facilities contain financial covenants to maintain an interest coverage ratio of not less than 3.0 times consolidated earnings before income taxes, depreciation and amortization and total net debt not in excess of 85% of its rav, calculated in accordance with the credit facility.
the amounts borrowed at december 31, 2018, include a usd-denominated borrowing of $200 million and gbp-denominated borrowings of £38 million, which equated to $48 million. the unused capacity reflects the usd-denominated amount borrowed in gbp of £156 million as of the date borrowed. at december 31, 2018, the usd equivalent of unused capacity under the u.k. committed credit facilities was $1.1 billion.
the commitments under the u.k.'s credit facilities are provided by a diverse bank group with no one bank providing more than 13% of the total committed capacity.
in addition to the financial covenants noted in the table above, the credit agreements governing the above credit facilities contain various other covenants. failure to comply with the covenants after applicable grace periods could result in acceleration of repayment of borrowings and/or termination of the agreements. the registrants monitor compliance with the covenants on a regular basis. at december 31, 2018, the registrants were in compliance with these covenants. at this time, the registrants believe that these covenants and other borrowing conditions will not limit access to these funding sources.
see note 8 to the financial statements for further discussion of the registrants' credit facilities.
committedcapacity   borrowed               non-affiliate usedcapacity           unusedcapacity lke credit facility                $375           $113                                $-                         $262
(a)   lg&amp;e and ku participate in an intercompany agreement whereby lke, lg&amp;e and/or ku make available funds up to $500 million at an interest rate based on a market index of commercial paper issues. however, the ferc has authorized a maximum aggregate short-term debt limit for each utility at $500 million from all covered sources.
see note 14 to the financial statements for further discussion of intercompany credit facilities.
ppl, ppl electric, lg&e and ku maintain commercial paper programs to provide an additional financing source to fund short-term liquidity needs, as necessary. commercial paper issuances, included in "short-term debt" on the balance sheets, are supported by the respective registrant's credit facilities. the following commercial paper programs were in place at:
capacity             commercialpaperissuances           unusedcapacity ppl capital funding      $1,000                           $669                         $331
long-term debt and equity securities
ppl and its subsidiaries are authorized to incur, subject to market conditions, up to $4 billion of long-term indebtedness in 2019, the proceeds of which would be used to fund capital expenditures and for general corporate purposes.
in 2018, ppl was authorized to issue, subject to market conditions, up to $3.5 billion of equity over three years.
ppl electric is authorized to incur, subject to market conditions, up to $650 million of long-term indebtedness in 2019, the proceeds of which would be used to fund capital expenditures and for general corporate purposes.
lg&e is authorized to incur, subject to market conditions and regulatory approvals, up to $700 million of long-term indebtedness in 2019. the proceeds would be used to pay down lg&e's short-term debt balance, fund capital expenditures and for general corporate purposes. lg&e currently plans to remarket, subject to market conditions, $234 million of its pollution control bonds with put dates in 2019.
ku is authorized to incur, subject to market conditions and regulatory approvals, up to $500 million of long-term indebtedness in 2019, the proceeds of which would be used to pay down ku's short-term debt balances, fund capital expenditures and for general corporate purposes. ku currently plans to remarket, subject to market conditions, $96 million of its pollution control bonds with put dates in 2019.
contributions from parent/member (ppl electric, lke, lg&e and ku)
from time to time, lke's member or the parents of ppl electric, lg&e and ku make capital contributions to subsidiaries. the proceeds from these contributions are used to fund capital expenditures and for other general corporate purposes and, in the case of lke, to make contributions to its subsidiaries.
forecasted uses of cash
in addition to expenditures required for normal operating activities, such as purchased power, payroll, fuel and taxes, the registrants currently expect to incur future cash outflows for capital expenditures, various contractual obligations, payment of dividends on its common stock, distributions by lke to its member, and possibly the purchase or redemption of a portion of debt securities.
capital expenditures the table below shows the registrants' current capital expenditure projections for the years 2019 through 2023. expenditures for the domestic regulated utilities are expected to be recovered through rates, pending regulatory approval.
ppl construction expenditures (a)
generating facilities                $855                $268                 $157                $193                $107                $130
distribution facilities             9,327               1,899                1,843               1,880               1,832               1,873
transmission facilities             3,238                 867                  892                 630                 482                 367
environmental                         682                 198                  112                 109                 148                 115
total capital expenditures        $14,551              $3,333               $3,113              $2,916              $2,641              $2,548
distribution facilities         $1,946                $430                 $408                $402              $403              $303
transmission facilities          2,415                 698                  702                 406               362               247
total capital expenditures      $4,361              $1,128               $1,110                $808              $765              $550
lke generating facilities             $855                $268                 $157                $193              $107              $130
distribution facilities          1,816                 432                  370                 395               305               314
transmission facilities            823                 169                  190                 224               120               120
environmental                      682                 198                  112                 109               148               115
total capital expenditures      $4,601              $1,164                 $930              $1,018              $750              $739
lg&amp;e generating facilities             $381                $107                  $62                 $93               $58               $61
distribution facilities          1,165                 287                  239                 262               187               190
transmission facilities            173                  37                   34                  42                27                33
environmental                      261                  71                   39                  54                67                30
total capital expenditures      $2,181                $549                 $423                $497              $371              $341
ku generating facilities             $474                $161                  $95                $100               $49               $69
distribution facilities            651                 145                  131                 133               118               124
transmission facilities            650                 132                  156                 182                93                87
environmental                      421                 127                   73                  55                81                85
total capital expenditures      $2,396                $610                 $503                $517              $374              $392
(a)   construction expenditures include capitalized interest and afudc, which are expected to total approximately $81 million for ppl and $50 million for ppl electric.
capital expenditure plans are revised periodically to reflect changes in operational, market and regulatory conditions. for the years presented, this table includes ppl electric's asset optimization program to replace aging transmission and distribution assets.
in addition to cash on hand and cash from operations, the registrants plan to fund capital expenditures in 2019 with proceeds from the sources noted below.
source                                    ppl   ppl electric   lke   lg&amp;e   ku issuance of common stock                  x issuance of long-term debt securities     x     x              x     x          x equity contributions from parent/member         x              x     x          x short-term debt                           x     x              x     x          x x = expected funding source.
contractual obligations the registrants have assumed various financial obligations and commitments in the ordinary course of conducting business. at december 31, 2018, estimated contractual cash obligations were as follows:
pension benefit plan funding obligations (e)          784                 265                 353                   166                     -
unconditional power purchase obligations               53                  22                  31                     -                     -
unconditional power purchase obligations (g)          564                  27                  53                    54                   430
pension benefit plan obligations (e)                   20                  20                   -                     -                     -
unconditional power purchase obligations (g)          391                  19                  37                    38                   297
unconditional power purchase obligations (g)          173                   8                  16                    16                   133
(a)   reflects principal maturities based on stated maturity or earlier put dates. see note 8 to the financial statements for a discussion of variable-rate remarketable bonds issued on behalf of lg&amp;e and ku. the registrants do not have any significant capital lease obligations.
(b)   assumes interest payments through stated maturity or earlier put dates. for ppl, lke, lg&amp;e and ku the payments herein are subject to change, as payments for debt that is or becomes variable-rate debt have been estimated and for ppl, payments denominated in british pounds sterling have been translated to u.s. dollars at a current foreign currency exchange rate.
(c)   see note 9 to the financial statements for additional information.
(d)   the amounts include agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding and specify all significant terms, including: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction. primarily includes, as applicable, the purchase obligations of electricity, coal, natural gas and limestone, as well as certain construction expenditures, which are also included in the capital expenditures table presented above.
(e)   the amounts for ppl include wpd's contractual deficit pension funding requirements arising from actuarial valuations performed in march 2016. the u.k. electricity regulator currently allows a recovery of a substantial portion of the contributions relating to the plan deficit. the amounts also include contributions made or committed to be made in 2019 for ppl's and lke's u.s. pension plans (for ppl electric, lg&amp;e and ku includes their share of these amounts). based on the current funded status of these plans, except for wpd's plans, no cash contributions are required. see note 11 to the financial statements for a discussion of expected contributions.
(f)   represents contracts to purchase coal, natural gas and natural gas transportation. see note 13 to the financial statements for additional information.
(g)   represents future minimum payments under ovec power purchase agreements through june 2040. see note 13 to the financial statements for additional information.
(h)   represents construction commitments, including commitments for lg&amp;e's and ku's trimble county landfill construction, ccr rule closure and process water program along with cane run plant demolition, which are also reflected in the capital expenditures table presented above.
ppl views dividends as an integral component of shareowner return and expects to continue to pay dividends in amounts that are within the context of maintaining a capitalization structure that supports investment grade credit ratings. in november 2018, ppl declared its quarterly common stock dividend, payable january 2, 2019, at 41.0 cents per share (equivalent to $1.64 per annum). on february 14, 2019, ppl announced that the company is increasing its common stock dividend to 41.25 cents per share on a quarterly basis (equivalent to $1.65 per annum). future dividends will be declared at the discretion of the board of directors and will depend upon future earnings, cash flows, financial and legal requirements and other relevant factors.
subject to certain exceptions, ppl may not declare or pay any cash dividend or distribution on its capital stock during any period in which ppl capital funding defers interest payments on its 2007 series a junior subordinated notes due 2067 or 2013 series b junior subordinated notes due 2073. at december 31, 2018, no interest payments were deferred.
from time to time, as determined by their respective board of directors, the registrants pay dividends or distributions, as applicable, to their respective shareholders or members. certain of the credit facilities of ppl electric, lke, lg&e and ku include minimum debt covenant ratios that could effectively restrict the payment of dividends or distributions.
see note 8 to the financial statements for these and other restrictions related to distributions on capital interests for the registrants and their subsidiaries.
purchase or redemption of debt securities the registrants will continue to evaluate outstanding debt securities and may decide to purchase or redeem these securities in open market or privately negotiated transactions, in exchange transactions or otherwise, depending upon prevailing market conditions, available cash and other factors, and may be commenced or suspended at any time. the amounts involved may be material.
rating agency actions moody's and s&p periodically review the credit ratings of the debt of the registrants and their subsidiaries. based on their respective independent reviews, the rating agencies may make certain ratings revisions or ratings affirmations.
a credit rating reflects an assessment by the rating agency of the creditworthiness associated with an issuer and particular securities that it issues. the credit ratings of the registrants and their subsidiaries are based on information provided by the registrants and other sources. the ratings of moody's and s&p are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold any securities of the registrants or their subsidiaries. such ratings may be subject to revisions or withdrawal by the agencies at any time and should be evaluated independently of each other and any other rating that may be assigned to the securities.
the credit ratings of the registrants and their subsidiaries affect their liquidity, access to capital markets and cost of borrowing under their credit facilities. a downgrade in the registrants' or their subsidiaries' credit ratings could result in higher borrowing costs and reduced access to capital markets. the registrants and their subsidiaries have no credit rating triggers that would result in the reduction of access to capital markets or the acceleration of maturity dates of outstanding debt.
the following table sets forth the registrants' and their subsidiaries' credit ratings for outstanding debt securities or commercial paper programs as of december 31, 2018.
senior unsecured            senior secured             commercial paper issuer                 moody's           s&amp;p   moody's          s&amp;p   moody's           s&amp;p ppl ppl capital funding    baa2              bbb+                                 p-2               a-2
the rating agencies have taken the following actions related to the registrants and their subsidiaries.
in february 2018, moody's assigned a rating of a1 and s&p confirmed its rating of a to the county of trimble, kentucky's $28 million 2.30% pollution control revenue bonds, 2001 series a (louisville gas and electric company project) due 2026, previously issued on behalf of lg&e.
in april 2018, moody's assigned a rating of a1 and s&p confirmed its rating of a to the county of trimble, kentucky's $35 million 2.55% pollution control revenue bonds, 2001 series b (louisville gas and electric company project) due 2027, previously issued on behalf of lg&e.
in april 2018, moody's assigned a rating of a1 and s&p confirmed its rating of a to the county of jefferson, kentucky's $35 million 2.55% pollution control revenue bonds, 2001 series b (louisville gas and electric company project) due 2027, previously issued on behalf of lg&e.
as discussed in note 8 to the financial statements, certain of wpd's senior unsecured notes may be put by the holders to the issuer for redemption if the long-term credit ratings assigned to the notes are withdrawn by any of the rating agencies (moody's or s&p) or reduced to a non-investment grade rating of ba1 or bb+ or lower in connection with a restructuring event. a restructuring event includes the loss of, or a material adverse change to, the distribution licenses under which wpd (east
midlands), wpd (south west), wpd (south wales) and wpd (west midlands) operate and would be a trigger event for each company. these notes totaled £5.1 billion (approximately $6.5 billion) nominal value at december 31, 2018.
various derivative and non-derivative contracts, including contracts for the sale and purchase of electricity and fuel, commodity transportation and storage, interest rate and foreign currency instruments (for ppl), contain provisions that require the posting of additional collateral, or permit the counterparty to terminate the contract, if ppl's, lke's, lg&e's or ku's or their subsidiaries' credit rating, as applicable, were to fall below investment grade. see note 17 to the financial statements for a discussion of "credit risk-related contingent features," including a discussion of the potential additional collateral requirements for ppl, lke and lg&e for derivative contracts in a net liability position at december 31, 2018.
guarantees for subsidiaries (ppl)
ppl guarantees certain consolidated affiliate financing arrangements. some of the guarantees contain financial and other covenants that, if not met, would limit or restrict the consolidated affiliates' access to funds under these financing arrangements, accelerate maturity of such arrangements or limit the consolidated affiliates' ability to enter into certain transactions. at this time, ppl believes that these covenants will not limit access to relevant funding sources. see note 13 to the financial statements for additional information about guarantees.
the registrants have entered into certain agreements that may contingently require payment to a guaranteed or indemnified party. see note 13 to the financial statements for a discussion of these agreements.
risk management market risk
see notes 1, 16, and 17 to the financial statements for information about the registrants' risk management objectives, valuation techniques and accounting designations.
the forward-looking information presented below provides estimates of what may occur in the future, assuming certain adverse market conditions and model assumptions. actual future results may differ materially from those presented. these are not precise indicators of expected future losses, but are rather only indicators of possible losses under normal market conditions at a given confidence level.
interest rate risk the registrants and their subsidiaries issue debt to finance their operations, which exposes them to interest rate risk. the registrants and their subsidiaries utilize various financial derivative instruments to adjust the mix of fixed and floating interest rates in their debt portfolios, adjust the duration of their debt portfolios and lock in benchmark interest rates in anticipation of future financing, when appropriate. risk limits under the risk management program are designed to balance risk exposure to volatility in interest expense and changes in the fair value of the debt portfolios due to changes in the absolute level of interest rates. in addition, the interest rate risk of certain subsidiaries is potentially mitigated as a result of the existing regulatory framework or the timing of rate cases.
exposurehedged           fair value,net - asset(liability) (a)            effect of a10% adversemovementin rates (b)        maturitiesrangingthrough           exposurehedged           fair value,net - asset(liability) (a)            effect of a10% adversemovementin rates (b)
(b)   effects of adverse movements decrease assets or increase liabilities, as applicable, which could result in an asset becoming a liability. sensitivities represent a 10% adverse movement in interest rates, except for cross-currency swaps which also includes a 10% adverse movement in foreign currency exchange rates.
(c)   changes in the fair value of these instruments are recorded in equity and reclassified into earnings in the same period during which the item being hedged affects earnings.
(d)   realized changes in the fair value of such economic hedges are recoverable through regulated rates and any subsequent changes in the fair value of these derivatives are included in regulatory assets or regulatory liabilities.
the registrants are exposed to a potential increase in interest expense and to changes in the fair value of their debt portfolios. the estimated impact of a 10% adverse movement in interest rates on interest expense at december 31, 2018 and 2017 was insignificant for ppl, ppl electric, lke, lg&e and ku. the estimated impact of a 10% adverse movement in interest rates on the fair value of debt at december 31 is shown below.
foreign currency risk (ppl)
ppl is exposed to foreign currency risk primarily through investments in and earnings of u.k. affiliates. under its risk management program, ppl may enter into financial instruments to hedge certain foreign currency exposures, including translation risk of expected earnings, firm commitments, recognized assets or liabilities, anticipated transactions and net investments.
the following foreign currency hedges were outstanding at december 31.
exposurehedged                 fair value,net - asset(liability)      effect of a 10%adverse movement in foreign currencyexchange rates (a)              maturitiesrangingthrough      exposure                   fair value,net - asset(liability)      effect of a 10%adverse movementin foreign currencyexchange rates (a)
(a)   effects of adverse movements decrease assets or increase liabilities, as applicable, which could result in an asset becoming a liability.
commodity price risk ppl is exposed to commodity price risk through its domestic subsidiaries as described below.
•   ppl electric is required to purchase electricity to fulfill its obligation as a plr. potential commodity price risk is insignificant and mitigated through its puc-approved cost recovery mechanism and full-requirement supply agreements to serve its plr customers which transfer the risk to energy suppliers.
•   lg&amp;e's and ku's rates include certain mechanisms for fuel, fuel-related expenses and energy purchases. in addition, lg&amp;e's rates include a mechanism for natural gas supply expenses. these mechanisms generally provide for timely recovery of market price fluctuations associated with these expenses.
volumetric risk ppl is exposed to volumetric risk through its subsidiaries as described below.
•   wpd is exposed to volumetric risk which is significantly mitigated as a result of the method of regulation in the u.k. under the riio-ed1 price control regulations, recovery of such exposure occurs on a two year lag. see note 1 to the financial statements for additional information on revenue recognition under riio-ed1.
•   ppl electric, lg&amp;e and ku are exposed to volumetric risk on retail sales, mainly due to weather and other economic conditions for which there is limited mitigation between rate cases.
defined benefit plans - equity securities price risk see "application of critical accounting policies - defined benefits" for additional information regarding the effect of equity securities price risk on plan assets.
credit risk
credit risk is the risk that the registrants would incur a loss as a result of nonperformance by counterparties of their contractual obligations. the registrants maintain credit policies and procedures with respect to counterparty credit (including requirements that counterparties maintain specified credit ratings) and require other assurances in the form of credit support or collateral in certain circumstances in order to limit counterparty credit risk. however, the registrants, as applicable, have concentrations of suppliers and customers among electric utilities, financial institutions and energy marketing and trading companies. these concentrations may impact the registrants' overall exposure to credit risk, positively or negatively, as counterparties may be similarly affected by changes in economic, regulatory or other conditions.
in january 2017, the puc issued a final order approving ppl electric's plr procurement plan for the period june 2017 through may 2021, which includes a total of eight solicitations for electricity supply semi-annually in april and october. to date, ppl electric has conducted four of its planned eight competitive solicitations.
under the standard supply master agreement (the agreement) for the competitive solicitation process, ppl electric requires all suppliers to post collateral if their credit exposure exceeds an established credit limit. in the event a supplier defaults on its obligation, ppl electric would be required to seek replacement power in the market. all incremental costs incurred by ppl electric would be recoverable from customers in future rates. at december 31, 2018, most of the successful bidders under all of the solicitations had an investment grade credit rating from s&p, and were not required to post collateral under the agreement. a small portion of bidders were required to post an insignificant amount of collateral under the agreement. there is no instance under the agreement in which ppl electric is required to post collateral to its suppliers.
see note 17 to the financial statements for additional information on credit risk.
foreign currency translation (ppl)
the value of the british pound sterling fluctuates in relation to the u.s. dollar. in 2018, changes in this exchange rate resulted in a foreign currency translation loss of $453 million, which primarily reflected a $754 million decrease to pp&e and $150 million decrease to goodwill partially offset by a $445 million decrease to long-term debt and a $6 million decrease to other net liabilities. in 2017, changes in this exchange rate resulted in a foreign currency translation gain of $537 million, which primarily reflected a $935 million increase to pp&e and $198 million increase to goodwill partially offset by a $549 million increase to long-term debt and an increase of $47 million to other net liabilities. in 2016, changes in this exchange rate resulted in a foreign currency translation loss of $1.1 billion, which primarily reflected a $2.1 billion decrease to pp&e and $490 million decrease to goodwill partially offset by a $1.3 billion decrease to long-term debt and a decrease of $208 million to other net liabilities.
related party transactions the registrants are not aware of any material ownership interests or operating responsibility by senior management in outside partnerships, including leasing transactions with variable interest entities, or other entities doing business with the registrants. see note 14 to the financial statements for additional information on related party transactions for ppl electric, lke, lg&e and ku.
acquisitions, development and divestitures the registrants from time to time evaluate opportunities for potential acquisitions, divestitures and development projects. development projects are reexamined based on market conditions and other factors to determine whether to proceed with, modify or terminate the projects. any resulting transactions may impact future financial results.
capacity needs (ppl, lke, lg&e and ku)
as a result of environmental requirements and energy efficiency measures, ku anticipates retiring two older coal-fired electricity generating units at the e.w. brown plant in 2019 with a combined summer rating capacity of 272 mw.
environmental matters extensive federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations are applicable to ppl's, ppl electric's, lke's, lg&e's and ku's air emissions, water discharges and the management of hazardous and solid waste, as well as other aspects of the registrants' businesses. the cost of compliance or alleged non-compliance cannot be predicted with certainty but could be significant. in addition, costs may increase significantly if the requirements or scope of environmental laws or regulations, or similar rules, are expanded or changed. costs may take the form of increased capital expenditures or operating and maintenance expenses, monetary fines, penalties or other restrictions. many of these environmental law considerations are also applicable to the operations of key suppliers, or customers, such as coal producers and industrial power users, and may impact the cost for their products or their demand for the registrants' services. increased capital and operating costs are subject to rate recovery. ppl, ppl electric, lke, lg&e and ku can provide no assurances as to the ultimate outcome of future environmental or rate proceedings before regulatory authorities.
see below for further discussion of the epa's ccr rule and note 13 to the financial statements for a discussion of the more significant environmental matters including: legal matters, naaqs, climate change and elgs. see "financial condition - liquidity and capital resources - forecasted uses of cash - capital expenditures" in "item 7. combined management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" for information on projected environmental capital expenditures for 2019 through 2023. see note 19 to the financial statements for information related to the impacts of ccrs on aros.
over the next several years, lg&e and ku anticipate undertaking extensive measures, including significant capital expenditures, in complying with the provisions of the epa's ccr rule. although lg&e and ku have identified compliance strategies and are finalizing closure plans and schedules as required by the ccr rule, remaining regulatory uncertainties could
substantially impact current plans. as a result of a judicial settlement, legislative amendments, and the epa's review of the current program, the epa is in the process of undertaking significant revisions to the ccr rule. on july 30, 2018, the epa published certain amendments to the ccr rule which include extending the deadline for commencement of closure of certain impoundments from april 2019 to october 31, 2020. the epa has announced that additional amendments to the rule will be proposed. on august 21, 2018, the d.c. circuit court of appeals vacated and remanded portions of the ccr rule, including the provisions allowing unlined impoundments to continue operating and provisions exempting certain inactive impoundments from regulation. the exact impact of the judicial decision will be highly dependent on the epa's rulemaking actions on remand and any subsequent legal challenges. lg&e and ku are evaluating the specific plan impacts of developments to date and will continue to monitor the epa's ongoing regulatory proceedings.
in connection with the ccr rule, lg&e and ku have recorded adjustments to existing aros beginning in 2015 and continue to record adjustments as required. see note 19 to the financial statements for additional information on aros. lg&e and ku continue to perform technical evaluations related to their plans to close impoundments at all of their generating plants. although lg&e and ku believe their recorded liabilities appropriately reflect their obligations under current rules, changes to current compliance strategies as a result of ongoing regulatory proceedings or other developments could result in additional closure costs. it is not currently possible to determine the magnitude of any potential cost increases related to changes in compliance strategies or plans, and the timing of future cash outflows are indeterminable at this time. as rules are revised, technical evaluations are completed, and the timing and details of impoundment closures develop further on a plant by-plant basis, lg&e and ku will updated their cost estimates and record any changes as necessary to their aro liability, which could be material. these costs are subject to rate recovery.
sustainability increasing attention has been focused on a broad range of corporate activities under the heading of "sustainability", which has resulted in a significant increase in the number of requests from interested parties for information on sustainability topics. these parties range from investor groups focused on environmental, social, governance and other matters to non-investors concerned with a variety of public policy matters. often the scope of the information sought is very broad and not necessarily relevant to an issuer's business or industry. as a result, a number of private groups have proposed to standardize the subject matter constituting sustainability, either generally or by industry. those efforts remain ongoing. in addition, certain of these private groups have advocated that the sec promulgate regulations requiring specific sustainability reporting under the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended (the "'34 act"), or that issuers voluntarily include certain sustainability disclosure in their '34 act reports. to date, no new reporting requirements have been adopted or proposed by the sec.
as has been ppl's practice, to the extent sustainability issues have or may have a material impact on the registrants' financial condition or results of operation, ppl discloses such matters in accordance with applicable securities law and sec regulations. with respect to other sustainability topics that ppl deems relevant to investors but that are not required to be reported under applicable securities law and sec regulation, ppl will continue each spring to publish its annual sustainability report and post that report on its corporate website at www.pplweb.com and on www.pplsustainability.com. neither the information in such annual sustainability report nor the information at such websites is incorporated in this form 10-k by reference, and it should not be considered a part of this form 10-k. in preparing its sustainability report, ppl is guided by the framework established by the global reporting initiative, which identifies environmental, social, governance and other subject matter categories. ppl also participates in efforts by the edison electric institute to provide the appropriate subset of sustainability information that can be applied consistently across the electric utility industry and responds to the cdp climate survey.
cybersecurity see "cybersecurity management" in "item 1. business" and "item 1a. risk factors" for a discussion of cybersecurity risks affecting the registrants and the related strategies for managing these risks.
competition see "competition" under each of ppl's reportable segments in "item 1. business - general - segment information" and "item 1a. risk factors" for a discussion of competitive factors affecting the registrants.
new accounting guidance see note 1 and 21 to the financial statements for a discussion of new accounting guidance adopted and pending adoption.
application of critical accounting policies financial condition and results of operations are impacted by the methods, assumptions and estimates used in the application of critical accounting policies. the following accounting policies are particularly important to an understanding of the reported financial condition or results of operations and require management to make estimates or other judgments of matters that are inherently uncertain. changes in the estimates or other judgments included within these accounting policies could result in a significant change to the information presented in the financial statements (these accounting policies are also discussed in note 1 to the financial statements). senior management has reviewed with ppl's audit committee these critical accounting policies, the following disclosures regarding their application, and the estimates and assumptions regarding them.
defined benefits
certain of the registrants and/or their subsidiaries sponsor or participate in, as applicable, certain qualified funded and non-qualified unfunded defined benefit pension plans and both funded and unfunded other postretirement benefit plans. these plans are applicable to certain of the registrants' employees (based on eligibility for their applicable plans). the registrants and certain of their subsidiaries record an asset or liability to recognize the funded status of all defined benefit plans with an offsetting entry to aoci or, in the case of ppl electric, lg&e and ku, regulatory assets and liabilities for amounts that are expected to be recovered through regulated customer rates. consequently, the funded status of all defined benefit plans is fully
recognized on the balance sheets. see notes 7 and 11 to the financial statements for additional information about the plans and the accounting for defined benefits.
a summary of plan sponsors by registrant and whether a registrant or its subsidiaries sponsor (s) or participate in and receives allocations (p) from those plans is shown in the table below.
(a)   does not sponsor or participate in other postretirement benefits plans.
management makes certain assumptions regarding the valuation of benefit obligations and the performance of plan assets. as such, annual net periodic defined benefit costs are recorded in current earnings or regulatory assets and liabilities based on estimated results. any differences between actual and estimated results are recorded in aoci, or in the case of ppl electric, lg&e and ku, regulatory assets and liabilities for amounts that are expected to be recovered through regulated customer rates. these amounts in aoci or regulatory assets and liabilities are amortized to income over future periods. the delayed recognition allows for a smoothed recognition of costs over the working lives of the employees who benefit under the plans. the significant assumptions are:
•   discount rate - the discount rate is used in calculating the present value of benefits, which is based on projections of benefit payments to be made in the future. the objective in selecting the discount rate is to measure the single amount that, if invested at the measurement date in a portfolio of high-quality debt instruments, would provide the necessary future cash flows to pay the accumulated benefits when due.
•   expected return on plan assets - management projects the long-term rates of return on plan assets that will be earned over the life of the plan. these projected returns reduce the net benefit costs the registrants record currently.
•   rate of compensation increase - management projects employees' annual pay increases, which are used to project employees' pension benefits at retirement.
in selecting the discount rate for its u.k. pension plans, wpd starts with a cash flow analysis of the expected benefit payment stream for its plans. these plan-specific cash flows are matched against a spot-rate yield curve to determine the assumed discount rate. the spot-rate yield curve uses an iboxx british pounds sterling denominated corporate bond index as its base. from this base, those bonds with the lowest and highest yields are eliminated to develop an appropriate subset of bonds. historically, wpd used the single weighted-average discount rate derived from the spot rates used to discount the benefit obligation. concurrent with the annual remeasurement of plan assets and obligations at december 31, 2015, wpd began using individual spot rates to measure service cost and interest cost beginning with the calculation of 2016 net periodic defined benefit cost.
an individual bond matching approach, which is used for the u.s. pension plans as discussed below, is not used for the u.k. pension plans because the universe of bonds in the u.k. is not deep enough to adequately support such an approach.
in selecting the discount rates for u.s. defined benefit plans, the plan sponsors start with a cash flow analysis of the expected benefit payment stream for their plans. the plan-specific cash flows are matched against the coupons and expected maturity values of individually selected bonds. this bond matching process begins with the full universe of aa-rated non-callable (or callable with make-whole provisions) bonds, serving as the base from which those with the lowest and highest yields are eliminated to develop an appropriate subset of bonds. individual bonds are then selected based on the timing of each plan's cash flows and parameters are established as to the percentage of each individual bond issue that could be hypothetically purchased and the surplus reinvestment rates to be assumed.
to determine the expected return on plan assets, plan sponsors project the long-term rates of return on plan assets using a best-estimate of expected returns, volatilities and correlations for each asset class. each plan's specific current and expected asset allocations are also considered in developing a reasonable return assumption.
the following table provides the weighted-average assumptions selected for discount rate, expected return on plan assets and rate of compensation increase at december 31 used to measure current year obligations and subsequent year net periodic defined benefit costs under gaap, as applicable.
expected return on plan assets pension - ppl (u.s.)                        7.25   %      7.25   %
(a)   wpd uses individual spot rates from the yield curve used to discount the benefit obligation to measure service cost and interest cost for the calculation of net periodic defined benefit cost. ppl's u.s. plans use a single discount rate derived from an individual bond matching model to measure the benefit obligation, service cost and interest cost. see note 1 to the financial statements for additional details.
a variance in the assumptions listed above could have a significant impact on accrued defined benefit liabilities or assets, reported annual net periodic defined benefit costs and aoci or regulatory assets and liabilities. at december 31, 2018, the defined benefit plans were recorded in the registrants' financial statements as follows.
regulatory assets (a)                                           $963                  $558                 $405             $249              $156
regulatory liabilities                                            37                     5                   32                -                32
pension assets                                                   535                     -                    -                -                 -
pension liabilities                                              783                   285                  286               11                 1
other postretirement and postemploymentbenefit liabilities       239                   120                  100               69                31
defined benefits expense                                       $(184   )                $3                  $24               $6                $3
(a)   as a result of the 2014 kentucky rate case settlement that became effective july 1, 2015, the difference between pension cost calculated in accordance with lg&amp;e's and ku's pension accounting policy and pension cost calculated using a 15 year amortization period for actuarial gains and losses is
recorded as a regulatory asset. at december 31, 2018, the balances were $45 million for ppl and lke, $25 million for lg&e and $20 million for ku. see note 7 to the financial statements for additional information.
the following tables reflect changes in certain assumptions based on the registrants' primary defined benefit plans. the tables reflect either an increase or decrease in each assumption. the inverse of this change would impact the accrued defined benefit liabilities or assets, reported annual net periodic defined benefit costs and aoci or regulatory assets and liabilities by a similar amount in the opposite direction. the sensitivities below reflect an evaluation of the change based solely on a change in that assumption.
expected return on plan assets   (0.25   %)
actuarial assumption             defined benefitasset              defined benefitliabilities      aoci(pre-tax)                     net regulatoryassets          defined benefitcosts ppl discount rates                   $(296             )                          $134                 $342                                      $88                           $43
expected return on plan assets   n/a                                           n/a                 n/a                                       n/a                            30
expected return on plan assets                                                 n/a                 -                                         n/a                             4
expected return on plan assets                                                 n/a                 n/a                                       n/a                             4
expected return on plan assets                                                 n/a                 n/a                                       n/a                             1
expected return on plan assets                                                 n/a                 n/a                                       n/a                             1
the registrants recognized certain provisional amounts relating to the impact of the enactment of the tcja in their december 31, 2017 financial statements, in accordance with sec guidance. included in those provisional amounts were estimates of: tax depreciation, deductible executive compensation, accumulated foreign earnings, foreign tax credits, and deemed dividends from foreign subsidiaries, all of which were based on the interpretation and application of various provisions of the tcja.
in the third quarter of 2018, ppl filed its consolidated federal income tax return, which was prepared using guidance issued by the u.s. treasury department and the irs since the filing of each registrant's 2017 form 10-k. accordingly, the registrants have updated the following provisional amounts and now consider them to be complete: (1) the amount of the deemed dividend and associated foreign tax credits relating to the transition tax imposed on accumulated foreign earnings as of december 31, 2017; (2) the amount of accelerated 100% "bonus" depreciation ppl was eligible to claim in its 2017 federal income tax return; and (3) the related impacts on ppl's 2017 consolidated federal net operating loss to be carried forward to future periods. in addition, the registrants recorded the tax impact of the u.s. federal corporate income tax rate reduction from 35% to 21% on
the changes to deferred tax assets and liabilities resulting from the completed provisional amounts. the completed provisional amounts related to the tax rate reduction had an insignificant impact on the net regulatory liabilities of ppl's u.s. regulated operations. in the fourth quarter of 2018, ppl completed its analysis of the deductibility of executive compensation awarded as of november 2, 2017 and concluded that no material change to the provisional amounts is required.
the registrants' accounting related to the effects of the tcja on financial results for the period ended december 31, 2017 is complete as of december 31, 2018 with respect to all provisional amounts.
in 2018, the irs issued proposed regulations for certain provisions of the tcja, including interest deductibility, base erosion anti-avoidance tax (beat), and global intangible low-taxed income (gilti). ppl has determined that the proposed regulations related to beat and gilti do not materially change ppl's current interpretation of the statutory impact of these rules on the company. proposed regulations relating to the limitation on the deductibility of interest expense were issued in november 2018 and such regulations provide detailed rules implementing the broader statutory provisions. these proposed regulations should not apply to the registrants until the year in which the regulations are issued in final form, which is expected to be 2019. it is uncertain what form the final regulations will take and, therefore, the registrants cannot predict what impact the final regulations will have on the tax deductibility of interest expense. however, if the proposed regulations were issued as final in their current form, the registrants could have a limitation on a portion of their interest expense deduction for tax purposes and such limitation could be significant.
significant management judgment is also required in developing the registrants' provision for income taxes, primarily due to the uncertainty related to tax positions taken or expected to be taken in tax returns, valuation allowances on deferred tax assets and whether the undistributed earnings of wpd are considered indefinitely reinvested.
additionally, significant management judgment is required to determine the amount of benefit recognized related to an uncertain tax position. tax positions are evaluated following a two-step process. the first step requires an entity to determine whether, based on the technical merits supporting a particular tax position, it is more likely than not (greater than a 50% chance) that the tax position will be sustained. this determination assumes that the relevant taxing authority will examine the tax position and is aware of all the relevant facts surrounding the tax position. the second step requires an entity to recognize in the financial statements the benefit of a tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not recognition criterion. the benefit recognized is measured at the largest amount of benefit that has a likelihood of realization, upon settlement, that exceeds 50%. management considers a number of factors in assessing the benefit to be recognized, including negotiation of a settlement.
on a quarterly basis, uncertain tax positions are reassessed by considering information known as of the reporting date. based on management's assessment of new information, a tax benefit may subsequently be recognized for a previously unrecognized tax position, a previously recognized tax position may be derecognized, or the benefit of a previously recognized tax position may be remeasured. the amounts ultimately paid upon resolution of issues raised by taxing authorities may differ materially from the amounts accrued and may materially impact the financial statements in the future. unrecognized tax benefits are classified as current to the extent management expects to settle an uncertain tax position by payment or receipt of cash within one year of the reporting date.
at december 31, 2018, no significant changes in unrecognized tax benefits are projected over the next 12 months.
the need for valuation allowances to reduce deferred tax assets also requires significant management judgment. valuation allowances are initially recorded and reevaluated each reporting period by assessing the likelihood of the ultimate realization of a deferred tax asset. management considers a number of factors in assessing the realization of a deferred tax asset, including the reversal of temporary differences, future taxable income and ongoing prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. any tax planning strategy utilized in this assessment must meet the recognition and measurement criteria utilized to account for an uncertain tax position. management also considers the uncertainty posed by political risk and the effect of this uncertainty on the various factors that management takes into account in evaluating the need for valuation allowances. the amount of deferred tax assets ultimately realized may differ materially from the estimates utilized in the computation of valuation allowances and may materially impact the financial statements in the future.
see note 6 to the financial statements for income tax disclosures, including the impact of the tcja and management's conclusion that the undistributed earnings of wpd are considered indefinitely reinvested. based on this conclusion, ppl global does not record deferred u.s. federal income taxes on wpd's undistributed earnings.
regulatory assets and liabilities
ppl electric, lg&e and ku, are subject to cost-based rate regulation. as a result, the effects of regulatory actions are required to be reflected in the financial statements. assets and liabilities are recorded that result from the regulated ratemaking process that may not be recorded under gaap for non-regulated entities. regulatory assets generally represent incurred costs that have been deferred because such costs are probable of future recovery in regulated customer rates. regulatory liabilities are recognized for amounts expected to be returned through future regulated customer rates. in certain cases, regulatory liabilities are recorded based on an understanding or agreement with the regulator that rates have been set to recover costs that are expected to be incurred in the future, and the regulated entity is accountable for any amounts charged pursuant to such rates and not yet expended for the intended purpose.
management continually assesses whether the regulatory assets are probable of future recovery by considering factors such as changes in the applicable regulatory and political environments, the ability to recover costs through regulated rates, recent rate orders to the registrants and other regulated entities, and the status of any pending or potential deregulation legislation. based on this continual assessment, management believes the existing regulatory assets are probable of recovery. this assessment reflects the current political and regulatory climate at the state and federal levels, and is subject to change in the future. if future recovery of costs ceases to be probable, the regulatory asset would be written-off. additionally, the regulatory agencies can provide flexibility in the manner and timing of recovery of regulatory assets.
see note 7 to the financial statements for regulatory assets and regulatory liabilities recorded at december 31, 2018 and 2017, as well as additional information on those regulatory assets and liabilities. all regulatory assets are either currently being recovered under specific rate orders, represent amounts that are expected to be recovered in future rates or benefit future periods based upon established regulatory practices.
wpd operates in an incentive-based regulatory structure under distribution licenses granted by ofgem. as the regulatory model is incentive-based rather than a cost recovery model, wpd is not subject to accounting for the effects of certain types of regulation as prescribed by gaap for entities subject to cost-based rate regulation and does not record regulatory assets and liabilities. therefore, the accounting treatment of adjustments to base revenue and/or allowed revenue is evaluated based on revenue recognition guidance. see note 1 to the financial statements for additional information.
price risk management (ppl)
see "financial condition - risk management" above, as well as "price risk management" in note 1 to the financial statements.
goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level. ppl has determined its reporting units to be primarily at the same level as its reportable segments. lke, lg&e and ku are individually single operating and reportable segments. a goodwill impairment test is performed annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the reporting unit may be greater than the reporting unit's fair value. additionally, goodwill is tested for impairment after a portion of goodwill has been allocated to a business to be disposed of.
ppl, lke, lg&e and ku may elect either to initially make a qualitative evaluation about the likelihood of an impairment of goodwill or to bypass the qualitative evaluation and test goodwill for impairment using a two-step quantitative test. if the qualitative evaluation (referred to as "step zero") is elected and the assessment results in a determination that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than the carrying amount, the two-step quantitative impairment test is not necessary.
when the two-step quantitative impairment test is elected or required as a result of the step zero assessment, in step one, ppl, lke, lg&e and ku determine whether a potential impairment exists by comparing the estimated fair value of the reporting unit with its carrying amount, including goodwill, on the measurement date. if the estimated fair value exceeds its carrying amount, goodwill is not considered impaired. if the carrying amount exceeds the estimated fair value, the second step is performed to measure the amount of impairment loss, if any.
the second step of the quantitative test requires a calculation of the implied fair value of goodwill, which is determined in the same manner as the amount of goodwill in a business combination. that is, the estimated fair value of a reporting unit is allocated to all of the assets and liabilities of that reporting unit as if the reporting unit had been acquired in a business combination and the estimated fair value of the reporting unit was the price paid to acquire the reporting unit. the excess of the estimated fair value of a reporting unit over the amounts assigned to its assets and liabilities is the implied fair value of goodwill. the implied fair value of the reporting unit's goodwill is then compared with the carrying amount of that goodwill. if the carrying amount exceeds the implied fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. the loss recognized cannot exceed the carrying amount of the reporting unit's goodwill.
ppl, lke, lg&e and ku elected to perform the two-step quantitative impairment test of goodwill for all reporting units in the fourth quarter of 2018. management used both discounted cash flows and market multiples, which required significant assumptions, to estimate the fair value of the reporting units. significant assumptions used in the discounted cash flows include discount and growth rates, outcomes of future rate filings, and projected operating and capital cash flows. projected operating and capital cash flows is based on the registrants' internal business plan, which assumes the occurrence of certain events in the future. significant assumptions used in the market multiples include utility sector market performance and comparable transactions.
ppl's goodwill was $3.2 billion at december 31, 2018, which primarily consists of $2.4 billion related to the acquisition of wpd and $662 million related to the acquisition of lke. the goodwill balances of lke, lg&e and ku at december 31, 2018 were $996 million, $389 million and $607 million. applying an appropriate weighting to both the discounted cash flow and market multiple valuations for the most recent impairment tests performed as of october 1, 2018 did not require the second-step assessment and did not result in any impairment.
a high degree of judgment is required in developing estimates related to fair value conclusions. a decrease in the forecasted cash flows of 10%, an increase in the discount rate by 0.25%, or a 10% decrease in the market multiples would not have resulted in an impairment of goodwill for these reporting units.
aro liabilities are required to be recognized for legal obligations associated with the retirement of long-lived assets. the initial obligation is measured at its estimated fair value. an aro must be recognized when incurred if the fair value of the aro can be reasonably estimated. an equivalent amount is recorded as an increase in the value of the capitalized asset and amortized to expense over the useful life of the asset. for lke, lg&e and ku, all aro accretion and depreciation expenses are reclassified as a regulatory asset. aro regulatory assets associated with certain ccr projects are amortized to expense in accordance with regulatory approvals. for other aros, at the time of retirement, the related aro regulatory asset is offset against the associated cost of removal regulatory liability, pp&e and aro liability.
see note 7 and note 19 to the financial statements for additional information on aros.
in determining aros, management must make significant judgments and estimates to calculate fair value. fair value is developed using an expected present value technique based on assumptions of market participants that consider estimated retirement costs in current period dollars that are inflated to the anticipated retirement date and then discounted back to the date the aro was incurred. changes in assumptions and estimates included within the calculations of the fair value of aros could result in significantly different results than those identified and recorded in the financial statements. estimated aro costs and settlement dates, which affect the carrying value of the aro and the related capitalized asset, are reviewed periodically to ensure that any material changes are incorporated into the latest estimate of the aro. any change to the capitalized asset, positive or negative, is generally amortized over the remaining life of the associated long-lived asset.
at december 31, 2018, the total recorded balances and information on the most significant recorded aros were as follows.
most significant aros totalarorecorded           amountrecorded           % of total        description ppl                 $347                      $245                  71                ponds, landfills and natural gas mains lke                  296                       245                  83                ponds, landfills and natural gas mains lg&amp;e             103                        81                  79                ponds, landfills and natural gas mains ku                   193                       164                  85                ponds and landfills the most significant assumptions surrounding aros are the forecasted retirement costs (including the settlement dates and the timing of cash flows), the discount rates and the inflation rates. at december 31, 2018, a 10% increase to retirement cost would increase these aro liabilities by $33 million. a 0.25% decrease in the discount rate would increase these aro liabilities by $4 million and a 0.25% increase in the inflation rate would increase these aro liabilities by $3 million. there would be no significant change to the annual depreciation expense of the aro asset or the annual accretion expense of the aro liability as a result of these changes in assumptions.
revenue recognition - unbilled revenues (lke, lg&e and ku)
revenues related to the sale of energy are recorded when service is rendered or when energy is delivered to customers. because customers are billed on cycles which vary based on the timing of the actual meter reads taken throughout the month, estimates are recorded for unbilled revenues at the end of each reporting period. for lg&e and ku, such unbilled revenue amounts reflect estimates of deliveries to customers since the date of the last reading of their meters. the unbilled revenue estimates reflect consideration of factors including daily load models, estimated usage for each customer class, the effect of current and different rate schedules, the meter read schedule, the billing schedule, actual weather data and where applicable, the impact of weather normalization or other regulatory provisions of rate structures. see "unbilled revenues" on the registrants' balance sheets for balances at december 31, 2018 and 2017.
other information (all registrants)
ppl's audit committee has approved the independent auditor to provide audit and audit-related services, tax services and other services permitted by sarbanes-oxley and sec rules. the audit and audit-related services include services in connection with statutory and regulatory filings, reviews of offering documents and registration statements, and internal control reviews.