item 1a. risk factors our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described below, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and the trading price of our common stock. the list of risk factors provided in the following sections is not exhaustive; there may be factors not discussed in the following sections or in this form 10-k that adversely impact our results of operations, harm our reputation or inhibit our ability to generate new business prospects.
risks related to our business and industry damage to our reputation could damage our businesses.
maintaining our reputation is critical to attracting and maintaining clients, investors and associates. if we fail to address, or appear to fail to address, issues that may give rise to reputational risk, we could significantly harm our business prospects. these issues may include, but are not limited to, any of the risks discussed in this item 1a, including appropriately dealing with potential conflicts of interest, legal and regulatory requirements, ethical issues, money laundering, cybersecurity and privacy, record-keeping, and sales and trading practices, the failure to sell securities we have underwritten at anticipated price levels, and the proper identification of the legal, reputational, credit, liquidity, and market risks inherent in our products. failure to maintain appropriate service and quality standards, or a failure or perceived failure to treat clients fairly can result in client dissatisfaction, litigation and heightened regulatory scrutiny, all of which can lead to lost revenue, higher operating costs and reputational harm. negative publicity about us, whether or not true, may also harm our future business prospects.
we are affected by domestic and international macroeconomic conditions that impact the global financial markets.
we are engaged in various financial services businesses. as such, we are affected by domestic and international macroeconomic and political conditions, including economic output levels, interest and inflation rates, employment levels, prices of commodities, consumer confidence levels, and fiscal and monetary policy. for example, fed policies determine, in large part, the cost of funds for lending and investing and the return earned on those loans and investments. the market impact from such policies also can decrease materially the value of certain of our financial assets, most notably debt securities. changes in fed policies are beyond our control and, consequently, the impact of these changes on our activities and results of our operations are difficult to predict. macroeconomic conditions also may directly and indirectly impact a number of factors in the global financial markets that may be detrimental to our operating results, including trading levels, investing, and origination activity in the securities markets, security valuations, the absolute and relative level and volatility of interest and currency rates, real estate values, the actual and perceived quality of issuers and borrowers, and the supply of and demand for loans and deposits.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries while we have recently experienced an operating environment that has been favorable for many of our businesses, at times over the last several years we have experienced operating cycles during weak and uncertain u.s. and global economic conditions. if we were to experience a period of sustained downturns in the securities markets, a return to very low levels of short-term interest rates, credit market dislocations, reductions in the value of real estate, an increase in mortgage and other loan delinquencies, and other negative market factors, our revenues could be significantly impaired. periods of reduced revenue and other losses could lead to reduced profitability because certain of our expenses, including, but not limited to, our interest expense on debt, rent, facilities and salary expenses are fixed and our ability to reduce them over short time periods is limited.
u.s. markets may also be impacted by political and civil unrest occurring in other parts of the world. concerns about the european union ("eu"), including britain's notice to the european council of its decision to exit the eu ("brexit") and the stability of the eu's sovereign debt, have caused uncertainty and disruption for financial markets globally. continued uncertainties loom over the outcome of the eu's financial support programs. it is possible that other eu member states may experience financial troubles in the future, or may choose to follow britain's lead and leave the eu. any negative impact on economic conditions and global markets from these developments could adversely affect our business, financial condition and liquidity.
we may be impacted by budget pressures affecting u.s. state and local governments, as well as negative trends in the housing and labor markets. investor concerns regarding these trends could potentially reduce the number and size of transactions in which we participate and, in turn, reduce our fixed income investment banking revenues. in addition, such factors could potentially have an adverse effect on the value of the municipal securities we hold in our trading securities portfolio.
rj bank is affected primarily by economic conditions in north america. market conditions in the u.s. and canada can be assessed through the following metrics: the level and volatility of interest rates; unemployment and under-employment rates; real estate prices; consumer confidence levels and changes in consumer spending; and the number of personal bankruptcies, among others. deterioration of market conditions can diminish loan demand, lead to an increase in mortgage and other loan delinquencies, affect loan repayment performance and result in higher reserves and net charge-offs, which can adversely affect our earnings.
lack of liquidity or access to capital could impair our business and financial condition.
we must maintain appropriate liquidity levels. our inability to maintain adequate liquidity and readily available access to the credit and capital markets could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition. if liquidity from our brokerage or banking operations is inadequate or unavailable, we may be required to scale back or curtail our operations, including limiting our efforts to recruit additional financial advisors, selling assets at unfavorable prices, and cutting or eliminating dividend payments. our liquidity could be negatively affected by the inability of our subsidiaries to generate cash in the form of dividends from earnings, regulatory changes to the liquidity or capital requirements applicable to our subsidiaries that may prevent us from upstreaming cash to the parent company, limited or no accessibility to credit markets for secured and unsecured borrowings by our subsidiaries, diminished access to the capital markets for rjf, and other commitments or restrictions on capital as a result of adverse legal settlements, judgments, or regulatory sanctions. furthermore, as a bank holding company, we may become subject to prohibitions or limitations on our ability to pay dividends and/or repurchase our stock. certain of our regulators have the authority, and under certain circumstances, the duty, to prohibit or to limit dividend payments by regulated subsidiaries to their parent.
the availability of financing, including access to the credit and capital markets, depends on various factors, such as conditions in the debt and equity markets, the general availability of credit, the volume of securities trading activity, the overall availability of credit to the financial services sector and our credit ratings. our cost of capital and the availability of funding may be adversely affected by illiquid credit markets and wider credit spreads. additionally, lenders may from time to time curtail, or even cease to provide, funding to borrowers as a result of future concerns over the strength of specific counterparties, as well as the stability of markets generally. see item 7 "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - liquidity and capital resources" in this report for additional information on liquidity and how we manage our liquidity risk.
we are exposed to credit risk.
we are generally exposed to the risk that third parties that owe us money, securities or other assets will fail to meet their performance obligations due to numerous causes, including bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, or operational failure, among others. we actively buy and sell securities from and to clients and counterparties in the normal course of our broker-dealers' market-making and underwriting businesses, which exposes us to credit risk. although generally collateralized by the underlying security to the transaction, we still face risk associated with changes in the market value of collateral through settlement date. we also hold certain securities, loans and derivatives as part of our trading inventory. deterioration in the actual or perceived credit quality of the underlying issuers of securities or loans, or the non-performance of issuers and counterparties to certain derivative contracts could result in trading losses.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries we borrow securities from, and lend securities to, other broker-dealers, and may also enter into agreements to repurchase and/or resell securities as part of investing and financing activities. a sharp change in the security market values utilized in these transactions may result in losses if counterparties to these transactions fail to honor their commitments.
we manage the risk associated with these transactions by establishing and monitoring credit limits, as well as by monitoring collateral and transaction levels daily. significant deterioration in the credit quality of one of our counterparties could lead to widespread concerns about the credit quality of other counterparties in the same industry, thereby exacerbating our credit risk exposure.
we permit our clients to purchase securities on margin. during periods of steep declines in securities prices, the value of the collateral securing client margin loans may fall below the amount of the purchaser's indebtedness. if clients are unable to provide additional collateral for these margin loans, we may incur losses on those margin transactions. this may cause us to incur additional expenses defending or pursuing claims or litigation related to counterparty or client defaults.
we deposit our cash in depository institutions as a means of maintaining the liquidity necessary to meet our operating needs, and we also facilitate the deposit of cash awaiting investment in depository institutions on behalf of our clients. a failure of a depository institution to return these deposits could severely impact our operating liquidity, result in significant reputational damage, and adversely impact our financial performance.
we also incur credit risk by lending to businesses and individuals through the offering of loans, including c&i loans, commercial and residential mortgage loans, tax-exempt loans, home equity lines of credit, and margin and other loans collateralized by securities. we also incur credit risk through our investments. our credit risk and credit losses can increase if our loans or investments are concentrated among borrowers or issuers engaged in the same or similar activities, industries, or geographies, or to borrowers or issuers who as a group may be uniquely or disproportionately affected by economic or market conditions. the deterioration of an individually large exposure, for example due to natural disasters, health emergencies or pandemics, acts of terrorism, severe weather events or other adverse economic events, could lead to additional loan loss provisions and/or charges-offs, or credit impairment of our investments, and subsequently have a material impact on our net income and regulatory capital.
declines in the real estate market or sustained economic downturns may cause us to write down the value of some of the loans in rj bank's portfolio, foreclose on certain real estate properties or write down the value of some of our securities. credit quality generally may also be affected by adverse changes in the financial performance or condition of our debtors or deterioration in the strength of the u.s. economy.
see item 7 "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - risk management," in this report for additional information regarding our exposure to and approaches to managing credit risk.
we are exposed to market risk.
we are, directly and indirectly, affected by changes in market conditions. market risk generally represents the risk that values of assets and liabilities or revenues will be adversely affected by changes in market conditions. for example, interest rate changes could adversely affect our net interest spread, the difference between the yield we earn on our assets and the interest rate we pay for deposits and other sources of funding, which in turn impacts our net interest income and earnings. interest rate changes could affect the interest earned on assets differently than interest paid on liabilities. in our brokerage operations, a rising interest rate environment generally results in our earning a larger net interest spread and an increase in fees received on our multi-bank deposit sweep program. conversely, in those operations, a falling interest rate environment generally results in our earning a smaller net interest spread. if we are unable to effectively manage our interest rate risk, changes in interest rates could have a material adverse effect on our profitability.
market risk is inherent in the financial instruments associated with our operations and activities, including loans, deposits, securities, short-term borrowings, long-term debt, trading account assets and liabilities, derivatives and private equity investments. market conditions that change from time to time, thereby exposing us to market risk, include fluctuations in interest rates, equity prices, foreign exchange rates, and price deterioration or changes in value due to changes in market perception or actual credit quality of an issuer.
in addition, disruptions in the liquidity or transparency of the financial markets may result in our inability to sell, syndicate or realize the value of security positions, thereby leading to increased concentrations. the inability to reduce our positions in specific securities may not only increase the market and credit risks associated with such positions, but also increase the level of risk-weighted assets on our balance sheet, thereby increasing our capital requirements, which could have an adverse effect on our business results, financial condition and liquidity.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries our private equity investments are carried at fair value with unrealized gains and losses reflected in earnings. the value of our private equity portfolios can fluctuate and earnings from our investments can be volatile and difficult to predict. when, and if, we recognize gains can depend on a number of factors, including general economic conditions, the prospects of the companies in which we invest, when these companies go public, the size of our position relative to the public float and whether we are subject to any resale restrictions.
see item 7 "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - risk management," in this report for additional information regarding our exposure to and approaches to managing market risk.
our business depends on fees generated from the distribution of financial products, fees earned from the management of client accounts, and advisory fees.
a large portion of our revenues are derived from fees generated from the distribution of financial products, such as mutual funds and variable annuities. changes in the structure or amount of the fees paid by the sponsors of these products could directly affect our revenues, business and financial condition. in addition, if these products experience losses or increased investor redemptions, we may receive lower fee revenue from the investment management and distribution services we provide on behalf of the mutual funds and annuities. the investment management fees we are paid may also decline over time due to factors such as increased competition and the renegotiation of contracts. in addition, the market environment in recent years has resulted in a shift to passive investment products, which generate lower fees than actively managed products. a continued trend toward passive investments or changes in market values or in the fee structure of asset management accounts would affect our revenues, business and financial condition. asset management fees often are primarily comprised of base management and incentive fees. management fees are primarily based on assets under management ("aum"). aum balances are impacted by net inflows/outflows of client assets and market values. below-market investment performance by our funds and portfolio managers could result in a loss of managed accounts and could result in reputational damage that might make it more difficult to attract new investors and thus further impact our business and financial condition. if we were to experience the loss of managed accounts, our fee revenue would decline. in addition, in periods of declining market values, our values of aum may resultantly decline, which would negatively impact our fee revenues.
our underwriting, market-making, trading, and other business activities place our capital at risk.
we may incur losses and be subject to reputational harm to the extent that, for any reason, we are unable to sell securities we have underwritten at the anticipated price levels. as an underwriter, we also are subject to heightened standards regarding liability for material misstatements or omissions in prospectuses and other offering documents relating to offerings in which we are involved. as a market maker, we may own positions in specific securities, and these undiversified holdings concentrate the risk of market fluctuations and may result in greater losses than would be the case if our holdings were more diversified. in addition, despite risk mitigation policies, we may incur losses as a result of positions we hold in connection with our market-making or underwriting activities.
from time to time and as part of our underwriting processes, we may carry significant positions in securities of a single issuer or issuers engaged in a specific industry. sudden changes in the value of these positions could impact our financial results.
we have made and, to the limited extent permitted by applicable regulations, may continue to make principal investments in private equity funds and other illiquid investments; however, our current focus is on the divestiture of our existing portfolio. we may be unable to realize our investment objectives if we cannot sell or otherwise dispose of our interests at attractive prices or complete a desirable exit strategy. in particular, these risks could arise from changes in the financial condition or prospects of the portfolio companies in which investments are made, changes in economic conditions or changes in laws, regulations, fiscal policies or political conditions. it could take a substantial period of time to identify attractive investment opportunities and then to realize the cash value of such investments. even if a private equity investment proves to be profitable, it may be several years or longer before any profits can be realized in cash.
any cyber-attack or other security breach of our technology systems, or those of our clients or other third-party vendors we rely on, could subject us to significant liability and harm our reputation.
our operations rely heavily on the secure processing, storage and transmission of sensitive and confidential financial, personal and other information in our computer systems and networks. there have been several highly publicized cases involving financial services companies reporting the unauthorized disclosure of client or other confidential information in recent years, as well as cyber-attacks involving the theft, dissemination and destruction of corporate information or other assets, in some cases as a result of failure to follow procedures by employees or contractors or as a result of actions by third parties. like other financial services firms, we are regularly the target of attempted cyber-attacks, including unauthorized access, mishandling or misuse of information, computer viruses or malware, denial-of-service attacks, phishing or other forms of social engineering, and other events, and we seek to continuously monitor and develop our systems to protect our technology infrastructure and data from misappropriation or corruption. cyber-attacks can
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries originate from a variety of sources, including third parties affiliated with foreign governments, organized crime or terrorist organizations. third parties may also attempt to place individuals within our firm or induce employees, clients or other users of our systems to disclose sensitive information or provide access to our data, and these types of risks may be difficult to detect or prevent. although cybersecurity incidents among financial services firms are on the rise, we have not experienced any material losses relating to cyber-attacks or other information security breaches. however, the techniques used in these attacks are increasingly sophisticated, change frequently and are often not recognized until launched. although we seek to maintain a robust suite of authentication and layered information security controls, including our cyber threat analytics, data encryption and tokenization technologies, anti-malware defenses and vulnerability management program, any one or combination of these controls could fail to detect, mitigate or remediate these risks in a timely manner. despite our implementation of protective measures and endeavoring to modify them as circumstances warrant, our computer systems, software and networks may be vulnerable to human error, natural disasters, power loss, spam attacks, unauthorized access, distributed denial of service attacks, computer viruses and other malicious code, and other events that could result in significant liability and damage to our reputation, and have an ongoing impact on the security and stability of our operations.
we also rely on numerous third-party service providers to conduct other aspects of our business operations, and we face similar risks relating to them. while we regularly conduct security assessments on these third-party vendors, we cannot be certain that their information security protocols are sufficient to withstand a cyber-attack or other security breach. in addition, in order to access our products and services, our customers may use computers and other devices that are beyond our security control systems.
notwithstanding the precautions we take, if a cyber-attack or other information security breach were to occur, this could jeopardize the information we confidentially maintain, or otherwise cause interruptions in our operations or those of our clients and counterparties, exposing us to liability. as attempted attacks continue to evolve in scope and sophistication, we may be required to expend substantial additional resources to modify or enhance our protective measures, to investigate and remediate vulnerabilities or other exposures or to communicate about cyber-attacks to our customers. though we have insurance against some cyber-risks and attacks, we may be subject to litigation and financial losses that exceed our policy limits or are not covered under any of our current insurance policies. a technological breakdown could also interfere with our ability to comply with financial reporting and other regulatory requirements, exposing us to potential disciplinary action by regulators. additionally, the sec issued guidance in february 2018 stating that, as a public company, we are expected to have controls and procedures that relate to cybersecurity disclosure, and are required to disclose information relating to certain cyber-attacks or other information security breaches in disclosures required to be made under the federal securities laws. further, successful cyber-attacks at other large financial institutions or other market participants, whether or not we are affected, could lead to a general loss of customer confidence in financial institutions that could negatively affect us, including harming the market perception of the effectiveness of our security measures or the financial system in general, which could result in reduced use of our financial products and services.
further, in light of the high volume of transactions we process, the large number of our clients, partners and counterparties, and the increasing sophistication of malicious actors, a cyber-attack could occur and persist for an extended period of time without detection. we expect that any investigation of a cyber-attack would take substantial amounts of time, and that there may be extensive delays before we obtain full and reliable information. during such time we would not necessarily know the extent of the harm or how best to remediate it, and certain errors or actions could be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and remediated, all of which would further increase the costs and consequences of such an attack.
we may also be subject to liability under various data protection laws. in providing services to clients, we manage, utilize and store sensitive or confidential client or employee data, including personal data. as a result, we are subject to numerous laws and regulations designed to protect this information, such as u.s. federal, state and international laws governing the protection of personally identifiable information. these laws and regulations are increasing in complexity and number. if any person, including any of our associates, negligently disregards or intentionally breaches our established controls with respect to client or employee data, or otherwise mismanages or misappropriates such data, we could be subject to significant monetary damages, regulatory enforcement actions, fines and/or criminal prosecution. in addition, unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential client or employee data, whether through system failure, employee negligence, fraud or misappropriation, could damage our reputation and cause us to lose clients and related revenue. potential liability in the event of a security breach of client data could be significant. depending on the circumstances giving rise to the breach, this liability may not be subject to a contractual limit or an exclusion of consequential or indirect damages.
see item 7 "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - risk management" in this report for additional information regarding our exposure to and approaches for managing these types of operational risks.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries a continued interruption to our telecommunications or data processing systems, or the failure to effectively update the technology we utilize, could be materially adverse to our business.
our businesses rely extensively on data processing and communications systems. in addition to better serving clients, the effective use of technology increases efficiency and enables us to reduce costs. adapting or developing our technology systems to meet new regulatory requirements, client needs, and competitive demands is critical for our business. introduction of new technology presents challenges on a regular basis. there are significant technical and financial costs and risks in the development of new or enhanced applications, including the risk that we might be unable to effectively use new technologies or adapt our applications to emerging industry standards.
our continued success depends, in part, upon our ability to: (i) successfully maintain and upgrade the capability of our technology systems; (ii) address the needs of our clients by using technology to provide products and services that satisfy their demands; and (iii) retain skilled information technology employees. failure of our technology systems, which could result from events beyond our control, or an inability to effectively upgrade those systems or implement new technology-driven products or services, could result in financial losses, liability to clients, violations of applicable privacy and other applicable laws and regulatory sanctions. see item 7 "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - risk management" of this report for additional information regarding our exposure to and approaches for managing these types of operational risks.
the soundness of other financial institutions and intermediaries affects us.
we face the risk of operational failure, termination or capacity constraints of any of the clearing agents, exchanges, clearing houses or other financial intermediaries that we use to facilitate our securities transactions. as a result of the consolidation over the years among clearing agents, exchanges and clearing houses, our exposure to certain financial intermediaries has increased and could affect our ability to find adequate and cost-effective alternatives should the need arise. any failure, termination or constraint of these intermediaries could adversely affect our ability to execute transactions, service our clients and manage our exposure to risk.
our ability to engage in routine trading and funding transactions could be affected adversely by the actions and commercial soundness of other financial institutions. financial services institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, funding, counterparty or other relationships. we have exposure to many different industries and counterparties, and we routinely execute transactions with counterparties in the financial industry, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, mutual and hedge funds and other institutional clients. defaults by, or even rumors or questions about the financial condition of, one or more financial services institutions, or the financial services industry generally, have historically led to market-wide liquidity problems and could lead to losses or defaults by us or by other institutions. many of these transactions expose us to credit risk in the event of default of our counterparty or client. in addition, our credit risk may be exacerbated when the collateral held by us cannot be realized or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the loan or derivative exposure due us. losses arising in connection with counterparty defaults may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
our risk management and conflicts of interest policies and procedures may leave us exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risk.
we seek to manage, monitor and control our market, credit, operational, legal and regulatory risk through operational and compliance reporting systems, internal controls, management review processes and other mechanisms; however, there can be no assurance that our procedures will be effective. while we use limits and other risk mitigation techniques, those techniques and the judgments that accompany their application cannot anticipate unforeseen economic and financial outcomes or the specifics and timing of such outcomes. our risk management methods may not predict future risk exposures effectively. in addition, some of our risk management methods are based on an evaluation of information regarding markets, clients and other matters that are based on assumptions that may no longer be accurate or may have limited predictive value. a failure to manage our growth adequately, including growth in the products or services we offer, or to manage our risk effectively, could materially and adversely affect our business and financial condition.
financial services firms are subject to numerous actual or perceived conflicts of interest, which are under growing scrutiny by u.s. federal and state regulators and sros such as finra. our risk management processes include addressing potential conflicts of interest that arise in our business. management of potential conflicts of interest has become increasingly complex as we expand our business activities. a perceived or actual failure to address conflicts of interest adequately could affect our reputation, the willingness of clients to transact business with us or give rise to litigation or regulatory actions. therefore, there can be no assurance that conflicts of interest will not arise in the future that could cause result in material harm to our business and financial condition.
for more information on how we monitor and manage market and certain other risks, see item 7 "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - risk management" in this report.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries we continue to experience pricing pressures in areas of our business which may impair our future revenue and profitability.
we continue to experience pricing pressures on trading margins and commissions in fixed income and equity trading. in the fixed income market, regulatory requirements have resulted in greater price transparency, leading to price competition and decreased trading margins. in the equity market, we experience pricing pressure from institutional clients to reduce commissions, partially due to the industry trend toward unbundling fees related to research and execution. our trading margins have been further compressed by the use of electronic and direct market access trading, which has created additional competitive pressure. we believe that price competition and pricing pressures in these and other areas will continue as institutional investors continue to reduce the amounts they are willing to pay, including by reducing the number of brokerage firms they use, and some of our competitors seek to obtain market share by reducing fees, commissions or margins.
we face intense competition.
we are engaged in intensely competitive businesses. we compete on the basis of a number of factors, including the quality of our financial advisors and associates, our products and services, pricing (such as execution pricing and fee levels), and location and reputation in relevant markets. over time there has been substantial consolidation and convergence among companies in the financial services industry, which has significantly increased the capital base and geographic reach of our competitors. see the section entitled "competition" of item 1 of this report for additional information about our competitors.
we compete directly with national full service broker-dealers, investment banking firms, and commercial banks, and to a lesser extent, with discount brokers and dealers and investment advisors. in addition, we face competition from more recent entrants into the market and increased use of alternative sales channels by other firms. we also compete indirectly for investment assets with insurance companies, real estate firms and hedge funds, among others. this competition could cause our business to suffer.
to remain competitive, our future success also depends in part on our ability to develop and enhance our products and services. the inability to develop new products and services, or enhance existing offerings, could have a material adverse effect on our profitability. in addition, we may incur substantial expenditures to keep pace with the constant changes and enhancements being made in technology.
our ability to attract and retain senior professionals, qualified financial advisors and other associates is critical to the continued success of our business.
our ability to develop and retain our clients depends on the reputation, judgment, business generation capabilities and skills of our senior professionals, and the members of our executive committees, as well as employees and financial advisors. to compete effectively we must attract, retain and motivate qualified professionals, including successful financial advisors, investment bankers, trading professionals, portfolio managers and other revenue-producing or specialized personnel. competitive pressures we experience could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
turnover in the financial services industry is high. the cost of recruiting and retaining skilled professionals in the financial services industry has escalated considerably. financial industry employers are increasingly offering guaranteed contracts, upfront payments, and increased compensation. these can be important factors in a current employee's decision to leave us as well as in a prospective employee's decision to join us. as competition for skilled professionals in the industry remains intense, we may have to devote significant resources to attracting and retaining qualified personnel. to the extent we have compensation targets, we may not be able to retain our employees, which could result in increased recruiting expense or result in our recruiting additional employees at compensation levels that are not within our target range. in particular, our financial results may be adversely affected by the costs we incur in connection with any upfront loans or other incentives we may offer to newly recruited financial advisors and other key personnel. if we were to lose the services of any of our investment bankers, senior equity research, sales and trading professionals, asset managers, or executive officers to a competitor or otherwise, we may not be able to retain valuable relationships and some of our clients could choose to use the services of a competitor instead of our services. if we are unable to retain our senior professionals or recruit additional professionals, our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition will be adversely affected. further, new business initiatives and efforts to expand existing businesses generally require that we incur compensation and benefits expense before generating additional revenues.
moreover, companies in our industry whose employees accept positions with competitors frequently claim that those competitors have engaged in unfair hiring practices. we have been subject to several such claims and may be subject to additional claims in the future as we seek to hire qualified personnel, some of whom may work for our competitors. some of these claims may result in material litigation. we could incur substantial costs in defending against these claims, regardless of their merits. such claims could also discourage potential employees who work for our competitors from joining us. certain large broker-dealer competitors have withdrawn from the protocol for broker recruiting ("protocol"), a voluntary agreement among over 1,700 firms that governs, among other things, the client information that financial advisors may take with them when they affiliate with a new firm. the ability to bring such customer
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries data to a new broker-dealer generally means that the financial advisor is better able to move client account balances to his or her new firm.  it is possible that other competitors will similarly withdraw from the protocol. if the broker-dealers from whom we recruit new financial advisors prevent, or significantly limit, the transfer of client data, our recruiting efforts may be adversely affected and we could experience a higher number of claims against us relating to our recruiting efforts.
a downgrade in our credit ratings could have a material adverse effect on our operations, earnings and financial condition.
if our credit ratings were downgraded, or if rating agencies indicate that a downgrade may occur, our business, financial position, and results of operations could be adversely affected, perceptions of our financial strength could be damaged, and as a result, adversely affect our client relationships. such a change in our credit ratings could also adversely affect our liquidity and competitive position, increase our borrowing costs, limit our access to the capital markets, trigger obligations under certain financial agreements, or decrease the number of investors, clients and counterparties willing or permitted to do business with or lend to us, thereby curtailing our business operations and reducing profitability.
we may not be able to obtain additional outside financing to fund our operations on favorable terms, or at all. the impact of a credit rating downgrade to a level below investment grade would result in our breaching provisions in certain of our derivative instruments, and may result in a request for immediate payment and/or ongoing overnight collateralization on our derivative instruments in liability positions. a credit rating downgrade would also result in rjf incurring a higher commitment fee on any unused balance on its $300 million revolving credit facility (the "rjf credit facility"), in addition to triggering a higher interest rate applicable to any borrowings outstanding on the line as of and subsequent to such downgrade (see note 14 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for information on the rjf credit facility).
business growth could increase costs and regulatory and integration risks.
we continue to grow, including through acquisitions and through our recruiting efforts. integrating acquired businesses, providing a platform for new businesses and partnering with other firms involve risks and present financial, managerial and operational challenges. we may incur significant expense in connection with expanding our existing businesses, recruiting financial advisors, or making strategic acquisitions or investments. our overall profitability would be negatively affected if investments and expenses associated with such growth are not matched or exceeded by the revenues derived from such investments or growth.
expansion may also create a need for additional compliance, documentation, risk management and internal control procedures, and often involves hiring additional personnel to address these procedures. to the extent such procedures are not adequate or not adhered to with respect to our expanded business or any new business, we could be exposed to a material loss or regulatory sanction.
moreover, to the extent we pursue acquisitions we may be unable to complete such acquisitions on acceptable terms. we may be unable to integrate any acquired business into our existing business successfully. difficulties we may encounter in integrating an acquired business could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. in addition, we may need to raise capital or borrow funds in order to finance an acquisition, which could result in dilution or increased leverage. we may not be able to obtain financing on favorable terms or perhaps at all.
associate misconduct, which is difficult to detect and deter, could harm us by impairing our ability to attract and retain clients and subject us to significant legal liability and reputational harm.
there is a risk that our associates could engage in misconduct that adversely affects our business. for example, our banking business often requires that we deal with confidential matters of great significance to our clients. if our associates were to improperly use or disclose confidential information provided by our clients, we could be subject to regulatory sanctions and suffer serious harm to our reputation, financial position, current client relationships and ability to attract future clients. we are also subject to a number of obligations and standards arising from our asset management business and our authority over the assets managed by our asset management business. in addition, our financial advisors may act in a fiduciary capacity, providing financial planning, investment advice and discretionary asset management. the violation of these obligations and standards by any of our associates would adversely affect our clients and us. it is not always possible to deter associate misconduct, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective. if our associates engage in misconduct, our business would be adversely affected.
we are exposed to litigation risks, which could materially and adversely impact our business operations and prospects.
many aspects of our business involve substantial risks of liability. we have been named as a defendant or co-defendant in lawsuits and arbitrations involving primarily claims for damages. the risks associated with potential litigation often may be difficult to assess or quantify and the existence and magnitude of potential claims often remain unknown for substantial periods of time. unauthorized
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries or illegal acts of our associates could result in substantial liability. our pcg business segment has historically been more susceptible to litigation than our institutional businesses.
in challenging market conditions, the volume of claims and amount of damages sought in litigation and regulatory proceedings against financial institutions has historically increased. litigation risks include potential liability under securities laws or other laws for: alleged materially false or misleading statements made in connection with securities offerings and other transactions; issues related to the suitability of our investment recommendations; the inability to sell or redeem securities in a timely manner during adverse market conditions; contractual issues; employment claims; and potential liability for other advice we provide to participants in strategic transactions. substantial legal liability could have a material adverse financial impact or cause us significant reputational harm, which in turn could seriously harm our business and future business prospects. in addition to the foregoing financial costs and risks associated with potential liability, the costs of defending individual litigation and claims continue to increase over time. the amount of outside attorneys' fees incurred in connection with the defense of litigation and claims could be substantial and might materially and adversely affect our results of operations.
see item 3 "legal proceedings" of this report for a discussion of our legal matters and see item 7 "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - risk management" of this report for a discussion regarding our approach to managing legal risk.
a significant decline in our domestic client cash balances could negatively impact our net revenues and/or our ability to fund rj bank's growth.
we rely heavily on bank deposits as a low-cost source of funding for rj bank to extend loans to clients and purchase investment securities. our bank deposits are primarily driven by our multi-bank sweep program in which clients' cash deposits in their brokerage accounts are swept into fdic-insured interest-bearing accounts at rj bank and various third-party banks. a significant reduction in our domestic clients' cash balances, a change in the allocation of that cash between rj bank and third-party banks, or a transfer of cash away from rjf, could impact our net revenues and our ability to fund rj bank's growth.
the preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires the use of estimates that may vary from actual results and new accounting standards could adversely affect future reported results.
the preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap") requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. such estimates and assumptions may require management to make difficult, subjective and complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain. one of our most critical estimates is rj bank's allowance for loan losses. at any given point in time, conditions in real estate and credit markets may increase the complexity and uncertainty involved in estimating the losses inherent in rj bank's loan portfolio. if management's underlying assumptions and judgments prove to be inaccurate, the allowance for loan losses could be insufficient to cover actual losses. our financial condition, including our liquidity and capital, and results of operations could be materially and adversely impacted. see item 7 "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - critical accounting estimates" of this report for additional information on the nature of these estimates.
our financial instruments, including certain trading assets and liabilities, available-for-sale securities, certain loans, and private equity investments, among other items, require management to make a determination of their fair value in order to prepare our consolidated financial statements. where quoted market prices are not available, we may make fair value determinations based on internally developed models or other means, which ultimately rely to some degree on our subjective judgment. some of these instruments and other assets and liabilities may have no directly observable inputs, making their valuation particularly subjective and, consequently, based on significant estimation and judgment. in addition, sudden illiquidity in markets or declines in prices of certain securities may make it more difficult to value certain items, which may lead to the possibility that such valuations will be subject to further change or adjustment, as well as declines in our earnings in subsequent periods.
our accounting policies and methods are fundamental to how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations. the financial accounting standards board (the "fasb") and the sec have at times revised the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation of our financial statements. in addition, accounting standard setters and those who interpret the accounting standards may change or even reverse their previous interpretations or positions on how these standards should be applied. these changes can be hard to predict and can materially impact how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations. in some cases, we could be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively, resulting in our restating prior period financial statements. for further discussion of some of our significant accounting policies and standards, see item 7 "management's
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - critical accounting estimates" of this report, and note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k.
the fasb has issued several new accounting standards, including on the topics of credit losses and leases and the federal banking regulators have released implementation guidance and proposed implementation rules for some of these new standards. in particular, the new credit losses standard will replace multiple existing impairment models, including the replacement of the "incurred loss" model for loans with an "expected loss" model. we are evaluating the potential impact that the adoption of these standards and the proposed regulatory implementation rules will have on our financial position, results of operations as well as our regulatory capital. see note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for further information.
our operations could be adversely affected by serious weather conditions.
certain of our principal operations are located in st. petersburg, florida. while we have a business continuity plan that permits significant operations to be conducted out of our southfield, michigan and memphis, tennessee locations and our information systems processing to be conducted out of our information technology data center in the denver, colorado area, our operations could be adversely affected by hurricanes or other serious weather conditions that could affect the processing of transactions, communications, and the ability of our associates to get to our offices, or work from home. as previously discussed, weather events could also adversely impact certain loans within rj bank's portfolio. refer to item 7 "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - risk management" of this form 10-k for a discussion of our operational risk management.
we are exposed to risks from international markets.
we do business in other parts of the world and as a result, are exposed to risks, including economic, market, litigation and regulatory risks. our businesses and revenues derived from non-u.s. operations are subject to risk of loss from currency fluctuations, social or political instability, less established regulatory regimes, changes in governmental or central bank policies, downgrades in the credit ratings of sovereign countries, expropriation, nationalization, confiscation of assets and unfavorable legislative, economic and political developments. action or inaction in any of these operations, including failure to follow proper practices with respect to regulatory compliance and/or corporate governance, could harm our operations and our reputation. we also invest or trade in the securities of corporations located in non-u.s. jurisdictions. revenues from trading non-u.s. securities also may be subject to negative fluctuations as a result of the above-mentioned factors.
our operations and financial results are subject to risks and uncertainties related to our use of a combination of insurance, self-insured retention and self-insurance for a number of risks. we have elected to self-insure our workers compensation, errors and omissions liability and our employee-related health care benefit plans. we have self-insured retention risk related to our property and casualty, and general liability benefit plans.
while we endeavor to purchase insurance coverage appropriate to our risk assessment, we are unable to predict with certainty the frequency, nature or magnitude of claims for direct or consequential damages. our business may be negatively affected if our insurance proves to be inadequate or unavailable. in addition, claims associated with risks we have retained either through our self-insurance retention or by self-insuring, may exceed our recorded reserves which could negatively impact future earnings. insurance claims may divert management resources away from operating our business.
risks related to our regulatory environment financial services firms have been subject to regulatory changes resulting from the dodd-frank act and increased regulatory scrutiny over the last several years, increasing the risk of financial liability and reputational harm resulting from adverse regulatory actions.
financial services firms over the last several years have been operating in an onerous regulatory environment. the industry has experienced increased scrutiny from various regulators, including the sec, the fed, the occ and the cfpb, in addition to stock exchanges, finra and state attorneys general. penalties and fines imposed by regulatory authorities have increased substantially in recent years. we may be adversely affected by changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws, rules and regulations.
the dodd-frank act enacted sweeping changes and an unprecedented increase in the supervision and regulation of the financial services industry (see item 1 "regulation," of this report for a discussion of such changes). the ultimate impact that the dodd-frank act and implementing regulations, as further modified by the egrrcpa and other financial services legislation, will have on us and the financial
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries services industry more broadly cannot be quantified until all of the implementing regulations called for under the legislation have been finalized and fully implemented. nevertheless, it is apparent that these legislative and regulatory changes could affect our revenue, limit our ability to pursue business opportunities, impact the value of our assets, require us to alter at least some of our business practices, impose additional compliance costs, and otherwise adversely affect our businesses.
the dodd-frank act impacts the manner in which we market our products and services, manage our business and operations, and interact with regulators, all of which could materially impact our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. certain provisions of the dodd-frank act that have impacted or may impact our businesses include: the establishment of a uniform fiduciary standard or a best interest standard for broker-dealers; regulatory oversight of incentive compensation; the imposition of increased capital requirements on financial holding companies; prohibition of proprietary trading; restrictions on investments in covered funds; and, to a lesser extent, greater oversight over derivatives trading. there is also increased regulatory scrutiny (and related compliance costs) as we continue to grow and surpass certain consolidated asset thresholds established under the dodd-frank act, which have the effect of imposing enhanced standards and requirements on larger institutions. these include, but are not limited to, rj bank's oversight by the cfpb. the cfpb has had an active enforcement agenda and any action taken by the cfpb could result in requirements to alter or cease offering affected products and services, make such products and services less attractive, impose additional compliance measures, or result in fines, penalties or required remediation. to the extent the dodd-frank act impacts the operations, financial condition, liquidity and capital requirements of unaffiliated financial institutions with whom we transact business, those institutions may seek to pass on increased costs, reduce their capacity to transact, or otherwise present inefficiencies in their interactions with us. we are also required to comply with the volcker rule's provisions. although we have not historically engaged in significant levels of proprietary trading, due to our underwriting and market-making activities and our investments in covered funds, we have experienced and expect to continue to experience increased operational and compliance costs and changes to our private equity investments. any changes to regulations or changes to the supervisory approach may also result in increased compliance costs to the extent we are required to modify our existing compliance policies, procedures and practices.
broker-dealers and investment advisors are subject to regulations covering all aspects of the securities business, including, but not limited to: sales and trading methods; trade practices among broker-dealers; use and safekeeping of clients' funds and securities; capital structure of securities firms; anti-money laundering efforts; recordkeeping; and the conduct of directors, officers and employees. any violation of these laws or regulations could subject us to the following events, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and prospects: civil and criminal liability; sanctions, which could include the revocation of our subsidiaries' registrations as investment advisors or broker-dealers; the revocation of the licenses of our financial advisors; censures; fines; or a temporary suspension or permanent bar from conducting business.
the majority of our affiliated financial advisors are independent contractors. legislative or regulatory action that redefines the criteria for determining whether a person is an employee or an independent contractor could materially impact our relationships with our advisors and our business, resulting in an adverse effect on our results of operations.
regulatory actions brought against us may result in judgments, settlements, fines, penalties or other results, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. there is no assurance that regulators will be satisfied with the policies and procedures implemented by rjf and its subsidiaries. in addition, from time to time, rjf and its subsidiaries may become subject to additional findings with respect to supervisory, compliance or other regulatory deficiencies, which could subject us to additional liability, including penalties, and restrictions on our business activities. among other things, these restrictions could limit our ability to make investments, complete acquisitions, expand into new business lines, pay dividends and/or engage in share repurchases. see item 1 "regulation" of this report for additional information regarding our regulatory environment and item 7 "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - risk management" of this report regarding our approaches to managing regulatory risk.
changes in requirements relating to the standard of conduct for broker-dealers applicable under state law may adversely affect our businesses.
in april 2016, the dol issued its final rule defining the term "fiduciary" and related exemptions in the context of erisa and retirement accounts. on june 21, 2018, the u.s. court of appeals for the fifth circuit court issued an order vacating the dol rule and related exemptions. we dedicated significant resources to interpret and implement policies to comply with the dol rule and continue to evaluate the solutions available to retirement accounts, with additional changes possible. while the overall impact of the recently vacated dol rule may have ultimately been adverse to our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity, we may benefit from the changes to systems, processes, and offerings completed for the dol rule in complying with forthcoming regulatory initiatives.
in april 2018, the sec proposed regulation best interest, which would require a broker-dealer to act in the best interest of a retail customer when making a recommendation of any securities transaction or investment strategy involving securities to such customer.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries we anticipate that if a rule imposing heightened standards on broker-dealers is adopted by the sec or fiduciary rules are adopted at the state level, we will be required to incur costs in order to review and possibly modify the compliance plan and approach that we had previously implemented for the now-vacated dol rule. implementation of any rules addressing similar matters may negatively impact our results including the impact of increased costs related to compliance, legal and information technology.
numerous regulatory changes and enhanced regulatory and enforcement activity relating to the asset management business may increase our compliance and legal costs and otherwise adversely affect our business.
the sec has proposed certain measures that would establish a new framework to replace the requirements of rule 12b-1 under the 1940 act with respect to how mutual funds pay fees to cover the costs of selling and marketing their shares.  the staff of the sec's office of compliance, inspections and examinations has indicated that it is reviewing the use of fund assets to pay for fees to sub-transfer agents and sub-administrators for services that may be deemed to be distribution-related. any adoption of such measures would be phased in over a number of years.  as these measures are neither final nor undergoing implementation throughout the financial services industry, their impact cannot be fully ascertained at this time.  as this regulatory trend continues, it could adversely affect our operations and, in turn, our financial results.
asset management businesses have experienced a number of highly publicized regulatory inquiries, which have resulted in increased scrutiny within the industry and new rules and regulations for mutual funds, investment advisors and broker-dealers. as some of our wholly owned subsidiaries are registered as investment advisors with the sec, increased regulatory scrutiny and rulemaking initiatives may result in additional operational and compliance costs or the assessment of significant fines or penalties against our asset management business, and may otherwise limit our ability to engage in certain activities. it is not possible to determine the extent of the impact of any new laws, regulations or initiatives that have been or may be proposed, or whether any of the proposals will become law. conformance with any new laws or regulations could make compliance more difficult and expensive and affect the manner in which we conduct business, including our product and service offerings.
in addition, u.s. and foreign governments have taken regulatory actions impacting the investment management industry, and may continue to do so including expanding current (or enacting new) standards, requirements and rules that may be applicable to us and our subsidiaries. for example, several states and municipalities in the u.s. have adopted "pay-to-play" rules, which could limit our ability to charge advisory fees. such "pay-to-play" rules could affect the profitability of that portion of our business.
the use of "soft dollars," where a portion of commissions paid to broker-dealers in connection with the execution of trades also pays for research and other services provided to advisors, is periodically reexamined and may be limited or modified in the future. a substantial portion of the research relied on by our investment management business in the investment decision-making process is generated internally by our investment analysts and external research, including external research paid for with soft dollars. this external research is generally used for information gathering or verification purposes, and includes broker-provided research, as well as third-party provided databases and research services. if the use of soft dollars is limited, we may have to bear some of these additional costs.
new regulations regarding the management of hedge funds and the use of certain investment products, including additional recordkeeping and disclosure requirements, may impact our asset management business and result in increased costs.
failure to comply with regulatory capital requirements primarily applicable to rjf, rj bank or our broker-dealer subsidiaries would significantly harm our business.
rjf and rj bank are subject to various regulatory and capital requirements administered by various federal regulators in the u.s. and, accordingly, must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of rjf and rj bank's assets, liabilities and certain off-balance sheet items, as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. the capital amounts and classification for both rjf and rj bank are also subject to qualitative judgments by u.s. federal regulators based on components of our capital, risk-weightings of assets, off-balance sheet transactions, and other factors. quantitative measures established by regulation to ensure capital adequacy require rjf and rj bank to maintain minimum amounts and ratios of common equity tier 1, tier 1 and total capital to risk-weighted assets, tier 1 capital to average assets and capital conservation buffers (as defined in the regulations). failure to meet minimum capital requirements can trigger certain mandatory (and potentially additional discretionary) actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could harm either rjf or rj bank's operations and financial condition.
we are subject to the sec's uniform net capital rule (rule 15c3-1) and finra's net capital rule, which may limit our ability to make withdrawals of capital from our broker-dealer subsidiaries. the uniform net capital rule sets the minimum level of net capital that a broker-dealer must maintain and also requires that a portion of its assets be relatively liquid. finra may prohibit a member firm from expanding its business or paying cash dividends if resulting net capital falls below certain thresholds. in addition, our canada-based
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries broker-dealer subsidiary is subject to similar limitations under applicable regulation in that jurisdiction by iiroc. regulatory capital requirements applicable to some of our significant subsidiaries may impede access to funds that rjf needs to make payments on any such obligations.
see note 21 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for further information on regulations and capital requirements.
the basel iii regulatory capital standards impose additional capital and other requirements on us that could decrease our profitability.
in july 2013, the fed, the occ and the fdic released final u.s. basel iii rules, which implemented the global regulatory capital reforms of basel iii and certain changes required by the dodd-frank act. the u.s. basel iii rules increase the quantity and quality of regulatory capital, establish a capital conservation buffer and make selected changes to the calculation of risk-weighted assets. we became subject to the requirements under the final u.s. basel iii rules as of january 1, 2015, subject to a phase-in period for several of its provisions, including the new minimum capital ratio requirements, the capital conservation buffer and the regulatory capital adjustments and deductions. the increased capital requirements stipulated under the u.s. basel iii rules could restrict our ability to grow during favorable market conditions or require us to raise additional capital. as a result, our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects could be adversely affected.
as a financial holding company, rjf's liquidity depends on payments from its subsidiaries, which may be subject to regulatory restrictions.
rjf is a financial holding company and therefore depends on dividends, distributions and other payments from its subsidiaries in order to meet its obligations, including its debt service obligations. rjf's subsidiaries are subject to laws and regulations that restrict dividend payments or authorize regulatory bodies to prevent or reduce the flow of funds from those subsidiaries to rjf. rjf's broker-dealers and bank subsidiary are limited in their ability to lend or transact with affiliates and are subject to minimum regulatory capital and other requirements, as well as limitations on their ability to use funds deposited with them in broker or bank accounts to fund their businesses. these requirements may hinder rjf's ability to access funds from its subsidiaries. rjf may also become subject to a prohibition or limitations on its ability to pay dividends or repurchase its common stock. the federal banking regulators, including the occ, the fed and the fdic, as well as the sec (through finra) have the authority and under certain circumstances, the obligation, to limit or prohibit dividend payments and stock repurchases by the banking organizations they supervise, including rjf and its bank subsidiaries. see item 7 "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - liquidity and capital resources" of this report for additional information on liquidity and how we manage our liquidity risk.
rj bank is subject to the community reinvestment act and fair lending laws, and failure to comply with these laws could lead to penalties.
the cra, the equal credit opportunity act, the fair housing act and other u.s. federal fair lending laws and regulations impose nondiscriminatory lending requirements on financial institutions. the u.s. department of justice and other federal agencies, including the cfpb, are responsible for enforcing these laws and regulations. an unfavorable cra rating or a successful challenge to an institution's performance under the fair lending laws and regulations could result in a wide variety of sanctions, including the required payment of damages and civil monetary penalties, injunctive relief, and the imposition of restrictions on mergers, acquisitions and expansion activity. private parties may also have the ability to challenge a financial institution's performance under fair lending laws by bringing private class action litigation.
the occ has requested comment on ways to modernize the regulations that implement the cra for national banks, such as rj bank. any revisions to the regulations that implement the cra may negatively impact our business, including through increased costs related to compliance.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations index page introduction                                                  34
executive overview                                            34
capital markets                                               44
asset management                                              46
liquidity and capital resources                               54
sources of liquidity                                          55
statement of financial condition analysis                     58
regulatory                                                    59
critical accounting estimates                                 60
recent accounting developments                                61
risk management                                               62
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis introduction the following management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a") is intended to help the reader understand the results of our operations and financial condition. this md&a is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. where "nm" is used in various percentage change computations, the computed percentage change has been determined to be not meaningful.
executive overview we operate as a financial holding company and bank holding company. results in the businesses in which we operate are highly correlated to general economic conditions and, more specifically, to the direction of the u.s. equity and fixed income markets, market volatility, corporate and mortgage lending markets and commercial and residential credit trends.  overall market conditions, interest rates, economic, political and regulatory trends, and industry competition are among the factors which could affect us and which are unpredictable and beyond our control.  these factors affect the financial decisions made by market participants who include investors, borrowers, and competitors, impacting their level of participation in the financial markets. these factors also impact the level of investment banking activity as well as trading profits and asset valuations, which ultimately affect our business results.
year ended september 30, 2018 compared with the year ended september 30, 2017
during the year ended september 30, 2018, earnings were negatively affected by $105 million due to the impact of the tax cuts and jobs act ("tax act"), primarily related to the remeasurement of u.s. deferred tax assets at a lower enacted federal corporate tax rate. excluding the impact of the tax act and $4 million of acquisition-related expenses, adjusted net income was $965 million (1), a 26% increase compared with adjusted net income of $768 million (1) in the prior year, which excluded expenses related to the jay peak matter, losses on the extinguishment of certain of our senior notes, and acquisition-related expenses. adjusted earnings per diluted share were $6.47 (1), a 24% increase compared with adjusted earnings per diluted share of $5.23 (1) in the prior year.
the increase in net revenues reflected significant growth in client assets, net interest income and account and service fees earned on balances in our rjbdp, and strong investment banking revenues. total client assets under administration reached $790.4 billion at september 30, 2018, a 14% increase, primarily attributable to strong financial advisor recruiting and retention, as well as equity market appreciation. partially offsetting the aforementioned revenue increases, institutional equity and fixed income commissions declined compared with the prior year, reflecting market-driven challenges.
non-interest expenses increased $526 million, or 10%. the increase primarily resulted from increased compensation, commissions and benefits expenses associated with the increase in net revenues, as well as increased staffing levels required to support our continued growth and regulatory compliance requirements. communications and information processing expenses also increased compared with the prior year as a result of our continued investment in technology infrastructure to support our growth. offsetting these increases was a decline in legal expenses, as the settlement of the jay peak matter had a $130 million impact on the prior year, and a decline related to our prior year loss on extinguishment of certain of our senior notes.
our effective tax rate was 34.8% for fiscal 2018, reflecting the impact of the tax act of $105 million, partially offset by a lower blended federal corporate statutory tax rate of 24.5%. excluding the impact of the tax act, our adjusted effective tax rate was 26.7% (1). we estimate our effective tax rate to be approximately 24%-25% for fiscal year 2019, reflecting the lower federal corporate statutory tax rate of 21% for the full year.  our future effective tax rate may be impacted positively or negatively by non-taxable items (such as the gains or losses earned on our company-owned life insurance policies and tax-exempt interest), non-deductible expenses (such as meals and entertainment and certain executive compensation) and vesting and exercises of equity compensation awards.  see note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for further information on the tax act.
(1)   "adjusted net income" and "adjusted earnings per diluted share" are each non-gaap financial measures. please see the "reconciliation of gaap measures to non-gaap measures" in this item 2, for a reconciliation of our non-gaap measures to the most directly comparable gaap measures, and for other important disclosures.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis a summary of our financial results by segment as compared to the prior year is as follows:
   our pcg segment generated net revenues of $5.09 billion, a 15% increase, and pre-tax income of $576 million, an increase of 54% over the prior year, which was negatively impacted by $130 million of legal expenses related to the jay peak matter. the increase in net revenues was primarily attributable to an increase in securities commissions and fees, driven by increased fee-based assets resulting from higher equity markets and continued strong financial advisor recruiting and retention. the segment also benefited from an increase in account and service fees related to client cash balances in our rjbdp and higher net interest income. non-interest expenses increased $468 million, or 12%, primarily resulting from increases in compensation, commissions and benefits expenses and communications and information processing expenses, offset by a decrease in the aforementioned legal expenses.
   our capital markets segment generated net revenues of $964 million, a 5% decrease over the prior year, and pre-tax income declined 36% to $91 million. the decrease in net revenues was primarily due to market-driven challenges and low levels of client activity, which led to decreases in institutional fixed income and equity commissions and net trading profits. investment banking revenues increased due to stronger merger &amp; acquisition activity, partially offset by lower equity underwriting revenues. non-interest expenses decreased slightly compared with the prior year.
   our asset management segment generated a 34% increase in net revenues to $654 million, and pre-tax income increased 37% to $235 million. the increase in net revenues primarily reflected increases in advisory fees from managed programs and, to a lesser degree, non-discretionary asset-based administrative fees. financial assets under management increased 46% over the period year, aided by the acquisition of scout investments, inc. (the "scout group"), which added $27 billion of assets under management in november 2017. non-interest expenses increased $100 million, or 32%, primarily resulting from increased expenses related to the scout group acquisition and increased investment sub-advisory fees.
   rj bank generated a 23% increase in net revenues to $727 million, while pre-tax income increased 20% to $492 million. the increase in net revenues resulted primarily from an increase in net interest income due to growth in interest-earning assets and an increase in net interest margin. non-interest expenses increased $52 million, or 28%, primarily reflecting higher affiliate deposit fees paid to pcg due to an increase in client accounts and an increase in compensation and benefits expenses.
   our other segment reflected a pre-tax loss that was $87 million, a decline of 51% from the prior year, primarily due to a decrease in net interest expense, losses on the extinguishment of certain of our senior notes in the prior year, and lower acquisition-related expenses. the decline in net interest expense reflected a decrease in the outstanding balance and average interest rate of our senior notes payable, as well as an increase in interest income related to the increased interest rates earned on higher corporate cash balances.
year ended september 30, 2017 compared with the year ended september 30, 2016
during the year ended september 30, 2017, earnings were impacted negatively by the jay peak settlement, losses on the early extinguishment of certain of our senior notes and acquisition-related expenses. after excluding the impact of these expenses, which totaled $194 million, our adjusted net income was $768 million,(1) an increase of 35% compared with adjusted net income in the prior year. adjusted earnings per diluted share were $5.23,(1) a 33% increase compared with adjusted earnings per diluted share in the prior year.
net revenues increased in each of our four operating segments, including significant growth in pcg and asset management segments, which benefited from growth in client assets in fee-based accounts, and significant growth in rj bank due to an increase in average interest-earning assets and an increase in net interest margin. investment banking revenues in our capital markets segment were strong and were significantly higher than fiscal year 2016; however institutional sales commissions declined reflecting the low levels of market volatility. total client assets under administration reached $692.9 billion at september 30, 2017, a 15% increase, primarily attributable to strong financial advisor recruiting and retention results and equity market appreciation.
(1)   "adjusted net income" and "adjusted earnings per diluted share" are each non-gaap financial measures. please see the "reconciliation of gaap measures to non-gaap measures" in this item 2, for a reconciliation of our non-gaap measures to the most directly comparable gaap measures, and for other important disclosures.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis non-interest expenses increased $850 million, or 19%. the increase primarily resulted from increased compensation, commissions and benefits expenses, primarily associated with increased revenues and income, as well as increased staffing levels required to support our continued growth, and increased regulatory and compliance requirements. we also had losses on the early extinguishment of certain senior notes and increased legal expenses during the year for the jay peak settlement.
our effective tax rate was 31.2% in the current year, down from the 33.9% for the prior year. the decrease in our effective tax rate compared to the prior year was primarily due to the favorable impact of the adoption of new stock compensation accounting guidance which had a favorable impact on our effective tax rate of 2.7% and our provision for taxes of $25 million (see note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for additional information). also contributing to the decrease was a favorable impact of 1.7% due to the increase in the amount of nontaxable gains arising from the value of our company-owned life insurance policies as a result of an increase in equity market values, compared to a 1.1% favorable impact in the prior year.
a summary of our financial results by segment as compared to the prior year is as follows:
   our private client group segment generated net revenues of $4.42 billion, a 22% increase, while pre-tax income increased 10% to $373 million. the increase in net revenues was primarily attributable to an increase in securities commissions and fees, driven by strong recruiting results, the acquisitions of alex. brown and 3macs in late fiscal 2016 and a stronger market environment compared to the prior year. the segment also benefited from the impact of higher short-term interest rates, resulting in increases in fees related to our rjbdp and interest income. non-interest expenses increased $773 million, or 24%, primarily resulting from an increase in sales commission expense, increased legal expenses related to the jay peak settlement and increased administrative &amp; incentive compensation and benefits expense.
   the capital markets segment generated net revenues of $1.01 billion, a 1% increase, while pre-tax income also increased 1% to $141 million. the increase in net revenues was primarily due to an increase in merger &amp; acquisition and advisory fee revenues and equity underwriting fees, partially offset by a decline in institutional sales commissions and trading profits, reflecting lower levels of volatility, and a decline in tax credit funds syndication revenues resulting from uncertainty over corporate tax reform. non-interest expenses increased $16 million, or 2%, primarily resulting from an increase in incentive compensation and benefits expense largely related to improved investment banking results.
   our asset management segment benefited from increased fee-based client assets, generating a 21% increase in net revenues to $488 million, while pre-tax income increased 30% to $172 million. the increase in net revenues primarily reflected increases in advisory fee revenues from managed programs and in non-discretionary asset-based administration fee revenues as financial assets under management in managed programs and assets held in non-discretionary asset-based programs increased 25% and 32%, respectively over the prior year level. non-interest expenses increased $42 million, or 16%, primarily resulting from increased investment sub-advisory fees and growth-related increases in administrative &amp; incentive compensation and benefits expense.
   rj bank generated a 20% increase in net revenues to $593 million, while pre-tax income increased 21% to $409 million. the increase in pre-tax income resulted primarily from an increase in net interest income and a decrease in the provision for loan losses, partially offset by higher affiliate deposit fees paid to the private client group due to an increase in client account balances. net interest income increased due to both growth in average interest-earning assets and an increase in the net interest margin which benefited from the impact of higher short-term interest rates.
   activities in our other segment generated a pre-tax loss that was $21 million, or 14% more than the prior year, primarily due to the losses on the early extinguishment of certain senior notes payable, combined with higher interest expense related to a higher average balance of our senior notes payable for the fiscal year. total revenues in the segment increased $19 million, or 41%, primarily due to higher net valuation gains from our private equity portfolio and an increase in interest income due to increased short-term interest rates and higher corporate cash balances.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis segments the following table presents our consolidated and segment net revenues and pre-tax income/(loss), the latter excluding noncontrolling interests, for the years indicated.
year ended september 30,                                    % change
capital markets net revenues                          963,773                 1,013,683                 1,001,716                (5       )%            1        %
asset management net revenues                          654,377                   487,658                   404,349                34        %           21        %
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis reconciliation of gaap measures to non-gaap measures we utilize certain non-gaap measures to enhance the understanding of our financial results and related measures. we believe that the non-gaap measures provide useful information by excluding certain material items that may not be indicative of our core operating results. we believe that these non-gaap measures allow for better evaluation of the operating performance of the business and facilitate a meaningful comparison of our results in the current year to those in prior and future years. these non-gaap measures should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with gaap. in addition, our non-gaap measures may not be comparable to similarly-titled non-gaap measures of other companies. the following table provides a reconciliation of gaap measures to non-gaap measures for the periods which include non-gaap adjustments.
acquisition-related expenses                         3,927                  17,995                  40,706
for the twelve months ended september 30, 2018($ in thousands)   pre-tax income including noncontrolling interests            provision for income taxes           effective tax rate
as adjusted for the impact of the tax act                                                                                            $348,706                        26.7           %
net income in the preceding table excludes noncontrolling interests.
for more information on acquisition-related expenses, see note 3 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k.
see note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for more information related to the impact of the tax act.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis net interest analysis the federal reserve bank increased its benchmark short-term interest rate four times in fiscal 2018 in 25 basis point increments, compared with three 25 basis point increases in fiscal 2017 and one 25 basis point increase in fiscal 2016. these increases in short-term interest rates have had a significant impact on our overall financial performance, as we have certain assets and liabilities, primarily held in our pcg and rj bank segments, which are sensitive to changes in interest rates. given the relationship of our interest-sensitive assets to liabilities held in each of these segments, increases in short-term interest rates generally result in an overall increase in our net earnings, although the magnitude of the impact to our net interest margin depends upon the yields on interest-earning assets relative to the cost of interest-bearing liabilities. conversely, any decreases in short-term interest rates and/or increases in the deposit rates paid to clients would likely have a negative impact on our earnings.
refer to the discussion of the specific components of our net interest income within the "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition - results of operations" for our rj bank, pcg and other segments.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis the following table presents our consolidated average balance, interest income and expense and the related yield and rates. average balances are calculated on a daily basis, with the exception of trading instruments, loans to financial advisors, net and corporate cash and all other, which are calculated based on the average of the end-of-month balances for each month within the period.
$ in thousands                                                                            average                 interest              average                 average               interest              average            averagebalance          interestinc./exp.          averageyield/cost balance                inc./exp.           yield/cost                 balance              inc./exp.           yield/cost interest-earning assets:
securities loaned                                                                    381,422                  14,548               3.81       %            456,573                14,049               3.08       %            577,002                     8,777                    1.52          %
available-for-sale securities                                                      2,530,988                  52,420               2.07       %          1,588,484                27,946               1.76       %            561,925                     7,596                    1.35          %
loans held for investment:
loans held for sale                                                                  125,970                   5,057               4.01       %            159,384                 5,156               3.34       %            150,305                     4,551                    3.07          %
loans to financial advisors, net                                                     892,776                  15,078               1.69       %            848,677                13,333               1.57       %            563,548                     8,207                    1.46          %
total interest-earning assets                                                    $31,858,144              $1,043,993               3.28       %        $28,932,809              $802,126               2.77       %        $24,874,346                  $640,397                    2.57          %
interest-bearing liabilities:
bank deposits:
certificates of deposit                                                             $372,052                  $6,217               1.67       %           $293,589                $4,325               1.47       %            345,628                     5,402                    1.56          %
money market, savings and negotiable order of withdrawal ("now") accounts         18,473,046                  59,340               0.32       %         15,566,621                12,859               0.08       %         12,640,068                     4,816                    0.05          %
securities borrowed                                                                  157,310                   7,630               4.85       %            110,416                 6,690               6.06       %             79,613                     3,174                    3.99          %
total interest-bearing liabilities                                               $26,267,894                $201,503               0.77       %        $23,750,893              $153,778               0.65       %        $19,813,948                  $116,056                    0.59          %
fee income on all loans included in interest income for the year ended september 30, 2018, 2017 and 2016, was $24 million, $38 million and $36 million, respectively.
results of operations - private client group through our pcg segment, we provide investment advisory and securities transaction services for which we charge asset-based fees or sales commissions. such revenues are included in "securities commissions and fees." revenues of this segment are correlated with the level of pcg client assets under administration, including fee-based accounts, as well as the overall u.s. equity markets. in
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis periods where equity markets improve, assets under administration and client activity generally increase, thereby having a favorable impact on net revenues.
we also earn certain servicing fees, such as omnibus and education and marketing support ("ems") fees from mutual fund and annuity companies whose products we distribute, and from banks to which we sweep client cash in the rjbdp. such fees are included in "account and service fees." servicing fees earned by mutual fund and annuity companies are generally based on the level of assets or number of positions in such programs. fees earned from our rjbdp are generally based on client cash balances in the program, as well as the level of short-term interest rates relative to interest paid to clients on balances in the rjbdp.
net interest revenue in the pcg segment is generated by interest earnings on margin loans provided to clients and on cash segregated pursuant to regulations, less interest paid on client cash balances. higher client cash balances generally lead to increased interest income, depending on spreads realized in our client interest program. for more information on client cash balances, see our previous discussion of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities in the net interest analysis section of this md&a.
for an overview of our pcg segment operations, refer to the information presented in item 1 "business" of this form 10-k.
operating results year ended september 30,                                    % change
securities commissions and fees:
insurance and annuity products                                    413,591                   385,493                   377,329                 7        %            2        %
equity products                                                   325,514                   303,015                   240,855                 7        %           26        %
new issue sales credits                                            47,200                    72,281                    44,088               (35       )%           64        %
subtotal securities commissions and fees                        4,080,753                 3,566,304                 2,978,406                14        %           20        %
mutual fund and annuity service fees                              331,543                   290,661                   255,405                14        %           14        %
affiliate deposit account servicing fees from rj bank              91,720                    67,981                    43,145                35        %           58        %
client transaction fees and other                                  22,658                    25,103                    23,156               (10       )%            8        %
admin &amp; incentive compensation and benefit costs              835,662                   713,043                   595,541                17        %           20        %
communications and information processing                         234,300                   193,902                   166,507                21        %           16        %
occupancy and equipment costs                                     154,020                   146,394                   125,555                 5        %           17        %
business development                                              115,056                    98,138                    88,535                17        %           11        %
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis selected key metrics client asset balances:                                                   as of september 30,                                    % change
pcg assets under administration           $755.7              $659.5              $574.1               15        %           15        %
pcg assets in fee-based accounts          $366.3              $294.5              $231.0               24        %           27        %
pcg assets under administration increased 15% in each of the fiscal years ended september 30, 2018 and 2017, resulting from equity market appreciation and net client inflows. net client inflows in each year were primarily attributable to strong financial advisor recruiting and retention. pcg assets in fee-based accounts continued to increase as a percentage of overall pcg assets under administration, representing 48% at september 30, 2018, compared to 45% at september 30, 2017 and 40% at september 30, 2016, due in part to clients moving to fee-based alternatives from traditional transaction-based accounts in response to the regulatory environment.
financial advisors:                                            september 30,
(1)   includes 126 registered individuals who met the requirements to be classified as financial advisors in fiscal year 2018 following our periodic review procedures.
(2)   during the year ended september 30, 2017, we refined the criteria to determine our financial advisor population, which resulted in a decrease in our previously reported counts of approximately 100 advisors as of the date of our adoption. the impact of the change in methodology did not have a significant impact on the fiscal 2016 period, and thus we have not revised the number of financial advisors reported in fiscal 2016.
the net increase in financial advisors as of september 30, 2018 compared to september 30, 2017 and september 30, 2016 primarily resulted from strong financial advisor recruiting and high levels of retention throughout fiscal year 2018 and 2017. we believe the increases in financial advisors and assets under administration are a positive indication of potential future revenue growth in this segment.
money market funds                                      3,240                         1,818                         2,009
a significant portion of our clients' cash is included in our rjbdp, a multi-bank sweep program in which clients' cash deposits in their brokerage accounts are swept into interest-bearing deposit accounts at rj bank and various third-party banks. we earn fees from third-party banks which fluctuate based on the amount of cash swept to such banks, as well as changes in short-term interest rates relative to deposit rates paid on client cash balances. fees from third-party banks are recorded in "account and service fees" in our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. pcg also earns fees from rj bank for clients' cash balances swept to rj bank. such fees are included in "affiliate deposit account servicing fees from rj bank" in the "operating results" table above and are eliminated in consolidation.
recent short-term interest rate increases by the fed had a significant impact on fees earned from third-party banks in rjbdp, despite the decline in rjbdp balances at such banks, but have not had as significant of an impact on market deposit rates paid on client cash balances. as a result, rjbdp fees have increased significantly over the prior years. however, we expect market deposit rates to continue to rise with future increases in short-term interest rates. as such, any future increases in short-term interest rates may have less of a positive impact on fees earned from rjbdp depending on the level of deposit rates paid on client cash balances. conversely,
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis any decreases in short-term interest rates and/or increases in the deposit rates paid to clients would likely have a negative impact on our earnings.
year ended september 30, 2018 compared with the year ended september 30, 2017
net revenues of $5.09 billion increased $671 million, or 15%. the portion of segment net revenues that we consider to be recurring was 82% for fiscal 2018, an increase from 79% for fiscal 2017.  recurring revenues include asset-based fees, trailing commissions from mutual funds and variable annuities/insurance products, mutual fund and annuity service fees, fees earned on funds in our rjbdp and interest.
securities commissions and fees increased $514 million, or 14%. the increase in securities commissions and fees revenue was primarily driven by an increase in client assets, resulting from higher equity markets and strong financial advisor recruiting and retention. commissions earned from insurance and annuity products and equity products also increased during the year. offsetting these increases, new issue sales credits declined compared with fiscal 2017 due to lower equity underwriting activity.
total account and service fees increased $120 million, or 18%, primarily due to higher rjbdp fees resulting from an increase in short-term interest rates over the prior year. mutual fund and annuity service fees also increased, reflecting higher ems fees and mutual fund omnibus fees. the increase in ems fees was primarily due to increased assets in the program, while the increase in omnibus fees was a result of both an increase in assets and the number of positions invested in fund families on the omnibus platform.
non-interest expenses increased $468 million, or 12%, primarily due to an increase in sales commissions expense, which increased $397 million, or 15%, in line with the increase in securities commissions and fees. administrative and incentive compensation and benefit costs increased $123 million, or 17%, primarily due to increased staffing levels to support our continued growth and regulatory compliance requirements. communications and information processing expense increased $40 million, or 21%, as a result of our continued investment in technology infrastructure to support our growth. offsetting these increases was a $130 million decrease in expenses related to the jay peak matter, which was settled in fiscal 2017.
year ended september 30, 2017 compared with the year ended september 30, 2016
net revenues of $4.42 billion in fiscal 2017 increased $805 million, or 22%. the portion of segment net revenues that we consider to be recurring was 79% for fiscal 2017, an increase from 77% for fiscal 2016. pre-tax income of $373 million, which was negatively impacted by the jay peak settlement, increased $32 million, or 10%.
securities commissions and fees in fiscal 2017 increased $588 million, or 20%, primarily due to strong recruiting results, the acquisitions of alex. brown and 3macs in late fiscal 2016 and a stronger market environment compared to fiscal 2016.
account and service fees in fiscal 2017 increased $175 million, or 34%, primarily due to higher rjbdp fees resulting from an increase in short-term interest rates during the year. mutual fund and annuity service fees also increased, reflecting higher ems fees and mutual fund omnibus fees. the increase in ems fees was primarily due to increased assets in the program. the increase in omnibus fees was a result of an increase in the number of positions invested in fund families on the omnibus platform.
net interest income increased $40 million, or 41%. interest income increased as a result of the impact of an increase in short-term interest rates on segregated cash balances and increased client margin balances, largely driven by our september 2016 acquisition of alex. brown. the favorable impact of the growth in margin balances was partially offset by a decrease in average client margin rates on the portfolio. interest expense increased, albeit to a much lesser extent, primarily due to an increase in client cash balances and an increase in the interest rate paid to clients on such balances.
non-interest expenses in fiscal 2017 increased $773 million, or 24%.  sales commissions increased $460 million, or 21%, relatively in line with the increase in securities commissions and fees. administrative and incentive compensation and benefit costs increased
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis
$118 million, or 20%, primarily resulting from additional staffing levels, primarily in operations and information technology functions, to support our continued growth and increased regulatory and compliance requirements.
results of operations - capital markets our capital markets segment conducts fixed income and equity institutional sales and trading activities, equity research, investment banking and the syndication and related management of investments that qualify for tax credits. we primarily conduct these activities in the u.s., canada and europe.
we earn institutional sales commissions for the sale of both equity and fixed income products, which are driven primarily through trade volume, resulting from a combination of participation in public offerings, general market activity, and by the capital markets group's ability to find attractive investment opportunities and promote those opportunities to clients.
this segment also includes trading which involves the purchase of securities from, and the sale of securities to, our clients as well as other dealers who may be purchasing or selling securities for their own account or acting as agent for their clients.  profits and losses related to this trading activity are primarily derived from the spreads between bid and ask prices, as well as market trends for the individual securities during the period we hold them. in our fixed income businesses, we also enter into interest rate swaps and futures contracts to facilitate client transactions or to actively manage risk exposures.
we provide various investment banking services, including public and private equity and debt financing activities, public financing activities, merger and acquisition advisory, and other advisory services. revenues from investment banking activities are driven principally by our role in the transaction and the number and dollar value of the transactions with which we are involved.  for an overview of our capital markets segment operations, refer to the information presented in item 1 "business" of this form 10-k.
operating results year ended september 30,                                    % change
securities commissions and fees:
equity                                                                                          $202,809                $222,942                $228,346                (9   )%               (2       )%
subtotal securities commissions and fees                                                         424,493                 490,691                 544,490               (13   )%              (10       )%
equity underwriting fees                                                                          53,262                  72,845                  54,492               (27   )%               34        %
merger &amp; acquisition and advisory fees                                                       296,606                 228,422                 148,503                30   %                54        %
fixed income investment banking                                                                   39,430                  43,234                  41,024                (9   )%                5        %
tax credit funds syndication fees                                                                 51,464                  54,098                  59,424                (5   )%               (9       )%
subtotal investment banking                                                                      440,762                 398,599                 303,443                11   %                31        %
investment advisory fees                                                                          24,661                  21,623                  29,684                14   %               (27       )%
net trading profit                                                                                53,412                  78,155                  87,966               (32   )%              (11       )%
compensation, commissions and benefits                                                           634,522                 645,665                 638,101                (2   )%                1        %
communications and information processing                                                         73,448                  70,140                  72,305                 5   %                (3       )%
occupancy and equipment costs                                                                     34,226                  33,920                  34,250                 1   %                (1       )%
business development                                                                              45,292                  38,389                  39,892                18   %                (4       )%
losses and non-interest expenses of real estate partnerships held by consolidated vies            11,802                  13,663                   9,788               (14   )%               40        %
income before taxes and including noncontrolling interests                                        78,835                 127,204                 131,191               (38   )%               (3       )%
noncontrolling interests                                                                         (11,812    )            (14,032    )             (7,982    )          (16   )%               76        %
pre-tax income excluding noncontrolling interests                                                $90,647                $141,236                $139,173               (36   )%                1        %
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis year ended september 30, 2018 compared with the year ended september 30, 2017
total securities commissions and fees decreased $66 million, or 13%, reflecting decreases in both fixed income and equity institutional commissions. institutional fixed income commissions continued to reflect challenging market conditions and low levels of client activity due to the flattening yield curve and relatively low interest rate volatility. the decline in equity commissions reflected lower equity underwriting activity, as well as market-driven challenges such as the industry trend toward separate payment for research and execution services and the shift from high-touch execution services to low-touch execution services.
net trading profits declined $25 million, or 32%, reflecting the challenging market conditions for fixed income during the current year.
investment banking revenues increased $42 million, or 11%, reflecting strong merger & acquisition activity. merger & acquisition and advisory fees increased $68 million, or 30%, due to both a higher volume of transactions and higher average fees per transaction, and aided by the expansion of our investment banking business in europe. this increase was partially offset by lower equity underwriting revenues, which declined $20 million, or 27%, reflecting lower levels of client activity. fixed income investment banking also declined compared with the prior year, reflecting the impact of lower public finance activity due to higher interest rates and tax reform.
non-interest expenses decreased slightly compared with the prior year, as a decline in compensation, commissions and benefits expense was largely offset by an increase in business development expense.
year ended september 30, 2017 compared with the year ended september 30, 2016
net revenues in fiscal 2017 of $1.01 billion increased $12 million, or 1%, led by higher merger & acquisition and advisory fees and equity underwriting revenues, partially offset by lower institutional sales commissions. pre-tax income of $141 million increased $2 million, or 1%.
total securities commissions and fees for fiscal 2017 decreased $54 million, or 10%. institutional fixed income commissions decreased $48 million, or 15%, driven by lower client trading volumes, as fixed income was faced with a challenging operating environment characterized by low levels of volatility and a flattening yield curve. institutional equity sales commissions decreased $5 million, or 2%, primarily reflecting the impact of low levels of volatility.
merger & acquisition and advisory fees increased $80 million, or 54%, primarily due to a stronger volume of both domestic and foreign merger & acquisition activity in fiscal year 2017 compared to low levels in the prior year, as well as higher average fees per transaction. fiscal year 2017 also benefited from the impact of a full year of revenues related to our june 2016 acquisition of mummert & company corporate finance gmbh ("mummert").
equity underwriting fees increased $18 million, or 34%, primarily due to the improved equity market conditions compared with a difficult fiscal 2016. the total number of both lead-managed and co-managed underwritings increased significantly over the prior year levels.
net revenues related to our public finance underwriting and advisory activities remained solid during our 2017 fiscal year and increased slightly compared with fiscal 2016.
despite the uncertainty related to the outcome of any corporate tax reform initiatives, our tax credit funds reflected good performance during fiscal year 2017. this uncertainty did depress new investment activity amongst syndicators of low-income housing tax credit fund ("lihtc") investments toward the end of fiscal year 2017 and, as a result, our tax credit fund syndication fees decreased $5 million, or 9%, from fiscal year 2016 levels.
net trading profit decreased $10 million, or 11%, compared with a strong fiscal 2016, primarily due to lower market volatility.
non-interest expenses for fiscal 2017 increased $16 million, or 2%.  compensation, commissions and benefits expenses increased $8 million, or 1%, primarily resulting from a net increase in incentive compensation as a result of the increase in investment banking net revenues offset by a decrease in compensation related to lower institutional fixed income commission revenues during fiscal year 2017.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis results of operations - asset management our asset management segment provides investment advisory and related administrative services to our pcg clients through our asset management services division ("ams") and through raymond james trust, n.a. ("rj trust"). the segment also provides investment advisory and asset management services to individual and institutional investors, including through third-party broker-dealers, through carillon tower advisers and its affiliates (collectively, "carillon tower"), which also sponsors a family of mutual funds.
we earn investment advisory fees and related administrative fees based on assets under management in both ams and carillon tower, where decisions are made by in-house or third-party portfolio managers or investment committees on how to invest client assets.
the asset management segment also earns administrative fees on certain asset-based programs offered to pcg clients which are not managed by our asset management segment, but for which the segment provides administrative support, including trade execution, record-keeping and periodic investor reporting.
fees are earned based on balances either at the beginning of the quarter, the end of the quarter, or average daily assets. asset balances are impacted by both the performance of the relevant market and the new sales (inflows) and redemptions (outflows) of client accounts/funds. rising equity markets have historically had a positive impact on revenues as existing accounts increase in value, and individuals and institutions may commit incremental funds in rising markets. for an overview of our asset management segment operations, refer to the information presented in item 1 "business" of this form 10-k.
operating results year ended september 30,                                    % change
investment advisory and related administrative fees:
subtotal investment advisory and related administrative fees           569,589                 417,492                 344,753                36        %           21        %
compensation and benefits                                              169,993                 123,119                 112,998                38        %            9        %
communications and information processing                               38,495                  30,109                  27,027                28        %           11        %
occupancy and equipment costs                                            7,360                   5,046                   4,423                46        %           14        %
business development                                                    11,353                   9,673                   9,500                17        %            2        %
investment sub-advisory fees                                            89,784                  75,497                  56,751                19        %           33        %
income before taxes and including noncontrolling interests             243,695                 176,705                 135,739                38        %           30        %
noncontrolling interests                                                 8,359                   4,969                   3,581                68        %           39        %
pre-tax income excluding noncontrolling interests                     $235,336                $171,736                $132,158                37        %           30        %
selected key metrics managed programs - our investment advisory fees recorded in this segment were earned based on balances either at the beginning of the quarter, end of the quarter or average assets throughout the quarter. for the year ended september 30, 2018, approximately 55% of our fees were determined based on asset balances at the beginning of each quarter, approximately 20% were based on asset balances at the end of each quarter and the remaining 25% were based on average assets throughout each quarter. for the years ended september 30, 2017 and 2016, approximately 70% of our fees were determined based on asset balances at the beginning of each quarter, approximately 15% were based on asset balances at the end of each quarter and the remaining 15% were based on average assets throughout each quarter. as of september 30, 2018, a greater percentage of fees were determined either based on asset balances at the end of the quarter or on average assets throughout the quarter compared to september 30, 2017. this shift in timing is directly attributable to our scout group acquisition.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis financial assets under management:
asset management services division of rj&amp;a ("ams")           $83,289             $69,962             $54,349
subtotal financial assets under management                       146,619             101,793              81,729
less: assets managed for affiliated entities                      (5,702   )          (5,397   )          (4,744   )
total financial assets under management                         $140,917             $96,396             $76,985
in the preceding table, carillon tower includes its subsidiaries and affiliates eagle asset management, clarivest asset management, cougar global investments, and the scout group.
the following table presents fee-billable financial assets under management (including assets managed for affiliates) by objective at the dates indicated.
equity                                            $64,742               $48,936             $41,785
total financial assets under management          $146,619              $101,793             $81,729
activity (including activity in assets managed for affiliated entities):
financial assets under management at beginning of year          $101,793                 $81,729               $69,093
scout group acquisition                                           27,087                       -                     -
net market appreciation/(depreciation) in asset values             8,523                  10,152                 6,309
financial assets under management at end of year                $146,619                $101,793               $81,729
(1)   includes approximately $2.0 billion of client assets resulting from our acquisition of alex. brown.
non-discretionary asset-based programs - our assets held in certain non-discretionary asset-based programs for which the asset management segment does not exercise discretion but provides administrative support (including those managed for affiliated entities) totaled $200.1 billion, $157.0 billion, and $119.3 billion as of september 30, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. the increase in assets in fiscal year 2018 over the prior year level was primarily due to market appreciation and to clients moving to fee-based accounts from traditional transaction-based accounts partly in response to regulatory changes. the majority of the administrative fees associated with these programs are determined based on balances at the beginning of the quarter.
year ended september 30, 2018 compared with the year ended september 30, 2017
total investment advisory and related administrative fee revenues increased $152 million, or 36%, primarily driven by an increase in financial assets under management. the increase in financial assets under management was primarily a result of the scout group acquisition, as well as both net market appreciation and inflows related to financial advisor recruiting. administrative fees also increased over the prior year due to the aforementioned increase in assets held in non-discretionary asset-based programs.
account and service fees and other income increased $15 million, or 21%, primarily reflecting increased shareholder servicing fees as a result of the scout group acquisition, as well as increased trust fee revenue due to an 11% increase in assets in rj trust.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis non-interest expenses increased $100 million, or 32%, primarily the result of a $47 million increase in compensation and benefits expense, a $26 million increase in other expense and a $14 million increase in investment sub-advisory fees. compensation and benefits expense increased primarily due to the scout group acquisition, in addition to annual salary increases and an increase in personnel over the prior year to support the growth of the business. the increase in other expense was primarily due to certain incremental costs associated with the scout group acquisition, including platform fees related to the new funds offered, as well as the amortization of intangible assets arising from the acquisition. the increase in investment sub-advisory fees resulted from increased assets under management in applicable programs.
total investment advisory and related administrative fee revenues increased $73 million, or 21%. investment advisory fee revenues arising from managed programs increased $56 million, or 21%, and fee revenues on non-discretionary asset-based administration activities increased $17 million, or 23%, both resulting from the increases in assets held by such programs, including the impact of the alex. brown acquisition at the end of our 2016 fiscal year. financial assets under management and non-discretionary assets were positively impacted by net financial advisor growth, the move to fee based accounts as a result of anticipated regulatory changes and market appreciation.
account and service fees and other increased $11 million, or 18%, primarily resulting from rj trust which generated increased trust fee revenue arising from the increase in trust assets to $5.5 billion as of september 30, 2017, as well as increased shareholder servicing fees.
non-interest expenses increased $42 million, or 16%, primarily resulting from a $19 million, or 33%, increase in investment sub-advisory fees and a $10 million, or 9%, increase in compensation and benefits expense. the increase in investment sub-advisory fees resulted from the increase in assets under management in applicable programs. the increase in compensation and benefits expense resulted primarily from annual salary increases as well as increases in personnel to support the growth of the business. other expenses increased $10 million, or 17%, as a result of additional regulatory and compliance costs.
the results presented do not include any acquisition-related expenses associated with acquisition of the scout group which closed in november 2017. the acquisition-related expenses incurred in fiscal year 2017 related to this acquisition are reflected in the other segment. see note 3 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for further information about this acquisition.
results of operations - rj bank rj bank provides corporate loans (c&i, cre and cre construction), sbl, tax-exempt and residential loans. rj bank is active in corporate loan syndications and participations. rj bank also provides fdic-insured deposit accounts to clients of our broker-dealer subsidiaries. rj bank generates net interest revenue principally through the interest income earned on loans and an investment portfolio of securities, which is offset by the interest expense it pays on client deposits and on its borrowings. higher interest-earning asset balances generally lead to increased net interest earnings, depending upon spreads realized on net interest-bearing liabilities. for more information on average interest-earning asset and interest- bearing liability balances, see the following discussion in this md&a.
for an overview of our rj bank segment operations, refer to the information presented in item 1 "business" of this form 10-k.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis operating results year ended september 30,                                    % change
compensation and benefits                                  40,670                  33,991                  29,742                20        %           14        %
communications and information processing                   9,713                   7,946                   7,090                22        %           12        %
loan loss provision                                        20,481                  12,987                  28,167                58        %          (54       )%
affiliate deposit account servicing fees to pcg            91,720                  67,981                  43,145                35        %           58        %
year ended september 30, 2018 compared with the year ended september 30, 2017
net interest income increased $130 million, or 23%, due to a $3.19 billion increase in average interest-earning banking assets, as well as an increase in net interest margin. the increase in average interest-earning banking assets was driven by growth in average loans of $2.15 billion and a $967 million increase in our average available-for-sale securities portfolio. the net interest margin increased to 3.22% from 3.10%, due to an increase in asset yields, offset by an increase in the total cost of funds. the increase in asset yields primarily resulted from an increase in the loan portfolio yield due to an increase in interest rates. the total cost of funds increased primarily due to an increase in deposit costs, a result of increased interest rates and balances. corresponding to the increase in average interest-earning banking assets, average interest-bearing banking liabilities increased $3.00 billion.
the loan loss provision increased by $7 million, primarily due to higher corporate loan growth, partially offset by lower reserve rates on pass-rated, corporate loans as a result of improved credit characteristics.
non-interest expenses (excluding the loan loss provision) increased $44 million, or 26%, including a $24 million increase in affiliate deposit account servicing fees to pcg due to an increase in client accounts and a $7 million increase in compensation and benefits expense resulting from compensation increases and staff additions to support the growth of the business.
net interest income increased $96 million, or 20%, primarily due to a $2.92 billion increase in average interest-earning banking assets and an increase in net interest margin. the increase in average interest-earning banking assets was driven by a $1.94 billion increase in average loans and a $1.03 billion increase in our average available-for-sale securities portfolio. the net interest margin increased to 3.10% from 3.04% due to an increase in the total banking assets yield, partially offset by an increase in rj bank's total cost of funds. the increase in the total banking assets yield was primarily due to an increase in the loan portfolio yield resulting from an overall rise in market interest rates. the increase in the total cost of funds primarily resulted from the rise in market interest rates as well as an increase in average fhlb advances. corresponding to the increase in average interest-earning banking assets, average interest-bearing banking liabilities increased $2.83 billion.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis the loan loss provision decreased $15 million, or 54%, due to the change in mix of loan growth during fiscal 2017. growth was significantly lower in the c&i loan portfolio during the year, which has higher allowance percentages, and was higher in the residential mortgage loans, securities-based loans and tax-exempt loans portfolios, which have lower allowance percentages. this positive impact was partially offset by additional provision during the current year for c&i loans and cre loans in specific industry sectors.
during august and september 2017, texas and florida suffered severe damage from hurricanes harvey and irma. we performed an assessment of the impact to our loan portfolio associated with these weather-related events and determined that only our residential mortgage loan portfolio could be impacted. a qualitative adjustment was made to the allowance for loan losses during the 2017 fiscal year with respect to the residential mortgage loan portfolio.
non-interest expenses (excluding the loan loss provision) increased $42 million, or 33%, primarily reflecting a $25 million increase in affiliate deposit account servicing fees to pcg due to an increase in client accounts and a $4 million increase in compensation and benefits expense resulting from compensation increases and staff additions to support the growth of the business.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis the following table presents average balances, interest income and expense, the related interest yields and rates, and interest spreads and margins for rj bank.
$ in thousands                                                                                                           averagebalance          interestinc./exp.           averageyield/cost            averagebalance          interestinc./exp.           averageyield/cost            averagebalance          interestinc./exp.           averageyield/cost interest-earning banking assets:
available-for-sale securities                                                                                         2,429,718                     49,628                     2.04          %          1,462,938                    25,970                     1.78          %            432,626                     6,757                     1.56          %
loans held for investment:
loans held for sale                                                                                                     125,970                      5,057                     4.01          %            159,384                     5,156                     3.34          %            150,305                     4,551                     3.07          %
total interest-earning banking assets                                                                                21,950,803                   $792,970                     3.62          %         18,758,307                  $609,971                     3.28          %         15,840,536                  $501,967                     3.18          %
non-interest-earning banking assets:
unrealized loss on available-for-sale securities                                                                        (44,104       )                                                                    (6,663      )                                                                    (3,172      )
allowance for loan losses                                                                                              (193,220       )                                                                  (194,029      )                                                                  (188,429      )
other assets                                                                                                            379,461                                                                           374,769                                                                          281,961
total non-interest-earning banking assets                                                                               142,137                                                                           174,077                                                                           90,360
total banking assets                                                                                                $22,092,940                                                                       $18,932,384                                                                      $15,930,896
interest-bearing banking liabilities:
bank deposits:
certificates of deposit                                                                                                $372,052                     $6,217                     1.67          %           $293,589                    $4,325                     1.47          %           $345,628                    $5,402                     1.56          %
savings, money market, and now accounts                                                                              18,693,862                     62,628                     0.34          %         15,975,308                    16,230                     0.10          %         13,238,007                     7,087                     0.05          %
total interest-bearing banking liabilities                                                                           20,088,204                    $88,609                     0.44          %         17,089,491                   $35,175                     0.20          %         14,264,413                   $23,277                     0.16          %
non-interest-bearing banking liabilities                                                                                 89,663                                                                            92,762                                                                           71,278
total banking liabilities                                                                                            20,177,867                                                                        17,182,253                                                                       14,335,691
total banking shareholder's equity                                                                                    1,915,073                                                                         1,750,131                                                                        1,595,205
total banking liabilities and shareholders' equity                                                                  $22,092,940                                                                       $18,932,384                                                                      $15,930,896
excess of interest-earning banking assets over interest-bearing banking liabilities/net interest income              $1,862,599                   $704,361                                             $1,668,816                  $574,796                                             $1,576,123                  $478,690
margin (net yield on interest-earning banking assets)                                                                                                                          3.22          %                                                                  3.10          %                                                                  3.04          %
ratio of interest-earning banking assets to interest-bearing banking liabilities                                                                                             109.27          %                                                                109.77          %                                                                111.05          %
fee income on loans included in interest income for the years ended september 30, 2018, 2017 and 2016 was $24 million, $38 million, and $36 million, respectively.
the yield on tax-exempt loans in the preceding table is presented on a tax-equivalent basis utilizing the applicable federal statutory rates for each of the years presented.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis increases and decreases in interest income and interest expense result from changes in average balances (volume) of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, as well as changes in average interest rates. the following table shows the effect that these factors had on the interest earned on our interest-earning assets and the interest incurred on our interest-bearing liabilities. the effect of changes in volume is determined by multiplying the change in volume by the previous year's average yield/cost. similarly, the effect of rate changes is calculated by multiplying the change in average yield/cost by the previous year's volume. changes applicable to both volume and rate have been allocated proportionately.
interest-earning banking assets:
available-for-sale securities                   17,162                 6,496                  23,658               13,682                 5,531                  19,213
loans held for investment:
loans held for sale                             (1,081    )              982                     (99    )   275                  330                                605
total interest-earning banking assets          $88,187               $94,812                $182,999              $70,747               $37,257                $108,004
interest-bearing banking liabilities:
bank deposits:
certificates of deposit                         $1,156                  $736                  $1,892                $(814    )            $(263    )            $(1,077    )
savings, money market, and now accounts          2,762                43,636                  46,398                1,466                 7,677                   9,143
total interest-bearing banking liabilities       7,512                45,922                  53,434                2,868                 9,030                  11,898
change in net interest income                  $80,675               $48,890                $129,565              $67,879               $28,227                 $96,106
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis results of operations - other this segment's results include our private equity activities as well as certain corporate overhead costs of rjf, including the interest cost on our public debt, losses on extinguishment of debt, and the acquisition and integration costs associated with certain acquisitions. for an overview of our other segment operations, refer to the information presented in item 1 "business" of this form 10-k.
operating results year ended september 30,                                    % change
realized/unrealized gains - private equity investments            8,944                  31,386                  23,735               (72       )%           32   %
acquisition-related expenses                                      3,927                  17,995                  40,706               (78       )%          (56   )%
loss before taxes and including noncontrolling interests:       (85,525    )           (158,184    )           (132,846    )           46        %          (19   )%
noncontrolling interests                                         (2,324    )             11,695                  15,702
pre-tax loss excluding noncontrolling interests                $(83,201    )          $(169,879    )          $(148,548    )           51        %          (14   )%
net revenues in this segment increased $15 million, or 49%, due to an increase in our net interest expense, partially offset by lower net gains on our private equity investments.
non-interest expenses decreased $58 million, or 45%, as the prior year included a $46 million loss on extinguishment of debt comprised of a make-whole premium and the acceleration of unamortized debt issuance costs related to the early extinguishment of our senior notes during the prior year. acquisition-related expenses in fiscal year 2018, which were $14 million lower than the prior year, pertained to certain incremental expenses incurred in connection with our acquisition of the scout group, which closed in november 2017. prior year acquisition-related expenses primarily related to our acquisitions of the scout group, as well as our fiscal year 2016 acquisitions of alex. brown and 3macs. see note 3 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for information regarding the components of these expenses.
net revenues in this segment decreased $2 million, or 6%, due to higher net gains arising from our private equity investments portfolio, which increased $8 million, a portion of which relates to noncontrolling interests, compared to fiscal 2016.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis non-interest expenses increased $27 million, or 27%. fiscal year 2017 included $46 million of losses on extinguishment of debt comprised of a make-whole premium and the acceleration of unamortized debt issuance costs related to the early extinguishment of our senior notes during fiscal 2017. acquisition-related expenses in fiscal year 2017, which were $23 million, or 56%, lower than fiscal 2016, pertained to certain incremental expenses incurred in connection with our november 2017 acquisition of the scout group as well as our fiscal year 2016 acquisitions of alex. brown and 3macs. see note 3 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for information regarding the components of these expenses.
certain statistical disclosures by bank holding companies we are required to provide certain statistical disclosures required for bank holding companies under the sec's industry guide 3.  the following table provides certain of those disclosures.
return on average assets                 2.4%           1.9%           1.9%
return on average equity                14.4%          12.2%          11.3%
average equity to average assets        16.5%          15.9%          16.6%
return on average assets is computed by dividing net income attributable to rjf for the year indicated by average assets for each respective fiscal year. average assets is computed by adding total assets as of each quarter-end to the beginning of the year total, and dividing by five.
return on average equity is computed by dividing net income attributable to rjf for the year indicated by average equity attributable to rjf for each respective fiscal year. average equity is computed by adding the total equity attributable to rjf as of each quarter-end to the beginning of the year total, and dividing by five.
average equity to average assets is computed by dividing average equity by average assets as calculated in accordance with the previous explanations.
refer to the "results of operations - rj bank" and "risk management - credit risk" sections of management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations and to the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for the other required disclosures.
liquidity and capital resources liquidity is essential to our business.  the primary goal of our liquidity management activities is to ensure adequate funding to conduct our business over a range of economic and market environments.
senior management establishes our liquidity and capital management framework. this framework includes senior management's review of short- and long-term cash flow forecasts, review of monthly capital expenditures, monitoring of the availability of alternative sources of financing, and daily monitoring of liquidity in our significant subsidiaries. our decisions on the allocation of capital to our business units consider, among other factors, projected profitability and cash flow, risk, and impact on future liquidity needs. our treasury department assists in evaluating, monitoring and controlling the impact that our business activities have on our financial condition, liquidity and capital structure, and maintains our relationships with various lenders. the objective of this framework is to support the successful execution of our business strategies while ensuring ongoing and sufficient liquidity.
liquidity is provided primarily through our business operations and financing activities.  financing activities could include bank borrowings, repurchase agreement transactions or additional capital raising activities under our "universal" shelf registration statement.
cash and cash equivalents decreased $169 million to $3.50 billion at september 30, 2018 due to the firm using $3.48 billion of cash for its investing activities, primarily investments in bank loans and our available-for-sale securities portfolio during the year. offsetting the cash used for investing activities, operating activities provided $1.90 billion of cash during the year. financing activities provided cash of $1.42 billion, primarily driven by an increase in bank deposits, as rj bank retained a higher portion of rjbdp balances, partially offset by repayments of short-term borrowings and payments of dividends to our shareholders during the year.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis we believe our existing assets, most of which are liquid in nature, together with funds generated from operations and available from committed and uncommitted financing facilities provide adequate funds for continuing operations at current levels of activity.
sources of liquidity approximately $1.40 billion of our total september 30, 2018 cash and cash equivalents included cash on hand at the parent, as well as parent cash loaned to rj&a.  the following table presents our holdings of cash and cash equivalents.
rjf maintained depository accounts at rj bank with a balance of $277 million as of september 30, 2018. the portion of this total that was available on demand without restrictions, which amounted to $254 million as of september 30, 2018, is reflected in the rjf total (and is excluded from the rj bank cash balance in the preceding table).
rjf had loaned $735 million to rj&a as of september 30, 2018 (such amount is included in the rj&a cash balance in the preceding table), which rj&a has invested on behalf of rjf in cash and cash equivalents or otherwise deployed in its normal business activities. on october 1, 2018 we deposited approximately $400 million of cash into rj&a's segregated reserve accounts as a result of its year end reserve calculation.
in addition to the cash balances described, we have various other potential sources of cash available to the parent from subsidiaries, as described in the following section.
liquidity available from subsidiaries liquidity is principally available to rjf, the parent company, from rj&a and rj bank.
rj&a is required to maintain net capital equal to the greater of $1 million or 2% of aggregate debit balances arising from client transactions. in addition, covenants in rj&a's committed secured financing facilities require its net capital to be a minimum of 10% of aggregate debit items.  at september 30, 2018, rj&a significantly exceeded both the minimum regulatory requirements and the covenants in its financing arrangements pertaining to net capital. at that date, rj&a had excess net capital of $868 million, of which $438 million was available for dividend while still maintaining the internally-targeted net capital ratio of 15% of aggregate debit items.  there are also limitations on the amount of dividends that may be declared by a broker-dealer without finra approval.
rj bank may pay dividends to rjf without the prior approval of its regulator as long as the dividend does not exceed the sum of rj bank's current calendar year and the previous two calendar years' retained net income, and rj bank maintains its targeted regulatory capital ratios.  at september 30, 2018, rj bank had $226 million of capital in excess of the amount it would need at september 30, 2018 to maintain its targeted regulatory capital ratios, and could pay a dividend of such amount without requiring prior approval of its regulator.
although we have liquidity available to us from our other subsidiaries, the available amounts are not as significant as those previously described and, in certain instances, may be subject to regulatory requirements.
borrowings and financing arrangements committed financing arrangements our ability to borrow is dependent upon compliance with the conditions in our various loan agreements and, in the case of secured borrowings, collateral eligibility requirements. our committed financing arrangements are in the form of either tri-party repurchase agreements or, in the case of the rjf credit facility, an unsecured line of credit. the required market value of the collateral associated with the committed secured facilities ranges from 102% to 125% of the amount financed.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis the following table presents our committed financing arrangements with third-party lenders, which we generally utilize to finance a portion of our fixed income trading instruments held, and the outstanding balances related thereto.
committed secured                        $300,000               $-                    $300,000                           3
committed unsecured                      -                      300,000               300,000                            1
total committed financing arrangements   $300,000               $300,000              $600,000                           4
committed secured                        $-                     $-                    $-
committed unsecured                      -                      -                     -
uncommitted financing arrangements our uncommitted financing arrangements are in the form of secured lines of credit, secured bilateral or tri-party repurchase agreements, or unsecured lines of credit. our arrangements with third-party lenders are generally utilized to finance a portion of our fixed income securities or for cash management purposes. our uncommitted secured financing arrangements generally require us to post collateral in excess of the amount borrowed. as of september 30, 2018, we had outstanding borrowings under two uncommitted secured borrowing arrangements with lenders out of a total of 13 uncommitted financing arrangements (seven uncommitted secured and six uncommitted unsecured). however, lenders are under no contractual obligation to lend to us under uncommitted credit facilities.
the following table presents our borrowings on uncommitted financing arrangements, all of which were in rj&a.
uncommitted secured                  $186,205
uncommitted unsecured                -
other financings rj bank had $875 million in fhlb borrowings outstanding at september 30, 2018, comprised of floating-rate advances totaling $850 million and a $25 million fixed-rate advance, all of which were secured by a blanket lien on rj bank's residential mortgage loan portfolio (see note 14 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for additional information regarding these borrowings). rj bank had an additional $1.79 billion in immediate credit available from the fhlb as of september 30, 2018 and, with the pledge of additional eligible collateral to the fhlb, total available credit of up to 30% of total assets.
rj bank is eligible to participate in the frb's discount-window program; however, we do not view borrowings from the frb as a primary source of funding.  the credit available in this program is subject to periodic review, may be terminated or reduced at the discretion of the frb, and is secured by pledged c&i loans.
we act as an intermediary between broker-dealers and other financial institutions whereby we borrow securities from one broker-dealer and then lend them to another.  where permitted, we have also loaned, to broker-dealers and other financial institutions, securities owned by clients, others or the firm.  we account for each of these types of transaction as collateralized agreements and financings, with the outstanding balances related to the securities loaned included in "securities loaned" on our consolidated statements of financial condition of this form 10-k, in the amount of $423 million as of september 30, 2018. such financings are generally collateralized by cash or other collateral.  see note 7 of the notes to consolidate financial statements of this form 10-k for more information on our securities borrowed and securities loaned.
from time to time we purchase securities under agreements to resell ("reverse repurchase agreements") and sell securities under agreements to repurchase ("repurchase agreements").  we account for each of these types of transactions as collateralized agreements and financings, with the outstanding balances on the repurchase agreements included in "securities sold under agreements to repurchase" on our consolidated statements of financial condition of this form 10-k, in the amount $186 million as of september 30, 2018 (which
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis are reflected in the preceding table of uncommitted financing arrangements). such financings are generally collateralized by non-customer, rj&a-owned securities or by securities that we have received as collateral under reverse repurchase agreements.
the average daily balance outstanding during the five most recent successive quarters, the maximum month-end balance outstanding during the quarter and the period-end balances for repurchase agreements and reverse repurchase agreements is detailed in the following table.
repurchase transactions                                                                                                                              reverse repurchase transactions for the quarter ended:($ in thousands)         average daily balance outstanding            maximum month-end balance outstanding during the quarter              end of period balance outstanding         average daily balance outstanding            maximum month-end balance outstanding during the quarter              end of period balance outstanding september 30, 2018                                        $117,388                                                     $186,205                                              $186,205                                  $354,991                                                     $375,616                                              $372,603
at september 30, 2018, in addition to the financing arrangements previously described, we had $24 million outstanding on a mortgage loan for our st. petersburg, florida home-office complex, that is included in "other borrowings" in our consolidated statements of financial condition of this form 10-k.
at september 30, 2018 we had aggregate outstanding senior notes payable of $1.55 billion. our senior notes payable, exclusive of any unaccreted premiums or discounts and debt issuance costs, was comprised of $250 million par 5.625% senior notes due 2024, $500 million par 3.625% senior notes due 2026, and $800 million par 4.95% senior notes due 2046. see note 15 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for additional information.
rating agency                            rating   outlook standard &amp; poor's ratings services   bbb+     stable moody's investors services               baa1     stable our current long-term debt ratings depend upon a number of factors, including industry dynamics, operating and economic environment, operating results, operating margins, earnings trends and volatility, balance sheet composition, liquidity and liquidity management, capital structure, overall risk management, business diversification and market share, and competitive position in the markets in which we operate. deteriorations in any of these factors could impact our credit ratings.  any rating downgrades could increase our costs in the event we were to obtain additional financing.
should our credit rating be downgraded prior to a public debt offering, it is probable that we would have to offer a higher rate of interest to bond holders.  a downgrade to below investment grade may make a public debt offering difficult to execute on terms we would consider to be favorable.  a downgrade below investment grade could result in the termination of certain derivative contracts and the counterparties to the derivative instruments could request immediate payment or demand immediate and ongoing overnight collateralization on our derivative instruments in liability positions (see note 6 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for additional information). a credit downgrade could damage our reputation and result in certain counterparties limiting their business with us, result in negative comments by analysts, and potentially negatively impact investor perception of us, and cause a decline in our stock price and/or our clients' perception of us. a credit downgrade would result in rjf incurring a higher commitment fee on any unused balance on the $300 million rjf credit facility, in addition to triggering a higher interest rate applicable to any borrowings outstanding on that line as of and subsequent to such downgrade. conversely, an improvement in rjf's current credit rating could have a favorable impact on the commitment fee, as well as the interest rate, applicable to any borrowings on such line. none of our borrowing arrangements contain a condition or event of default related to our credit ratings.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis other sources and uses of liquidity we have company-owned life insurance policies which are utilized to fund certain non-qualified deferred compensation plans and other employee benefit plans. certain of our non-qualified deferred compensation plans and other employee benefit plans are employee-directed while others are company-directed. certain policies which we could readily borrow against had a cash surrender value of $504 million as of september 30, 2018, comprised of $292 million related to employee-directed plans and $212 million related to company-directed plans, and we were able to borrow up to 90%, or $454 million, of the september 30, 2018 total without restriction.  to effect any such borrowing, the underlying investments would be converted to money market investments, therefore requiring us to take market risk related to the employee-directed plans. there were no borrowings outstanding against any of these policies as of september 30, 2018.
between october 1, 2018 and november 19, 2018, we utilized the remaining $214 million under our board authorization to repurchase 2.77 million shares of our common stock at a weighted-average price of $77.25. see item 5 "market for registrant's common equity, related shareholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities" of this form 10-k for more information.
on may 18, 2018, we filed a "universal" shelf registration statement with the sec to be in a position to access the capital markets if and when necessary or perceived by us to be opportune.
see the contractual obligations section of this md&a for information regarding our contractual obligations.
statement of financial condition analysis the assets on our consolidated statements of financial condition consisted primarily of cash and cash equivalents (a large portion of which is segregated for the benefit of clients), receivables including bank loans, financial instruments held for either trading purposes or as investments, and other assets.  a significant portion of our assets were liquid in nature, providing us with flexibility in financing our business.
total assets of $37.41 billion as of september 30, 2018 were $2.53 billion, or 7%, higher than our total assets as of september 30, 2017. the increase in assets was primarily due to a $2.51 billion increase in net bank loans and a $508 million increase in our available-for-sale securities portfolio, in line with our growth plans for such assets, as well as a $576 million increase in brokerage client receivables reflecting client activity. offsetting these increases, cash segregated pursuant to regulations decreased $1.03 billion compared with september 30, 2017.
as of september 30, 2018, our total liabilities of $30.96 billion were $1.77 billion, or 6%, higher than our total liabilities as of september 30, 2017, primarily reflecting a $2.21 billion increase in bank deposits, as rj bank retained a higher portion of rjbdp balances to fund a portion of our loan and available-for-sale securities portfolio growth. brokerage client payables increased $213 million, due to an increase in client cash held at the firm as of september 30, 2018. offsetting these increases was a $615 million decrease in other borrowings due to the repayment of certain borrowings during the year.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis contractual obligations the following table sets forth our contractual obligations and payments due thereunder by fiscal year.
other long-term liabilities:
certificates of deposit (including interest)         468,043               150,790                 111,296                38,854                73,283                93,820           -
subtotal long-term liabilities                       481,786               159,966                 113,489                40,337                74,174                93,820           -
contractual interest payments represent estimated future interest payments related to our senior notes, mortgage note payable, fhlb advances, and unsecured borrowings with original maturities greater than one year based on applicable interest rates at september 30, 2018. estimated future interest payments for fhlb advances include the effect of the related interest rate hedges, which swap variable interest rate payments to fixed interest payments. see notes 14 and 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for information regarding our senior notes payable and other borrowings.
in the normal course of our business, we enter into contractual arrangements whereby we commit to future purchases of products or services from unaffiliated parties. purchase obligations for purposes of this table include amounts associated with agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding and that specify all significant terms including: minimum quantities to be purchased, fixed, minimum or variable price provisions, and the approximate timing of the transaction. our most significant purchase obligations are vendor contracts for data services, communication services, processing services, computer software contracts and our stadium naming rights contract which goes through 2027. most of our contracts have provisions for early termination. for purposes of this table we have assumed we would not pursue early termination of such contracts.
we have entered into investment commitments, lending commitments and other commitments to extend credit for which we are unable to reasonably predict the timing of future payments. see note 17 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for further information.
regulatory refer to the discussion of the regulatory environment in which we operate and the impact on our operations of certain rules and regulations in item 1 "business - regulation" of this form 10-k.
rjf and many of its subsidiaries are each subject to various regulatory capital requirements. as of september 30, 2018, all of our active regulated domestic and international subsidiaries had net capital in excess of minimum requirements. in addition, rjf and rj bank were categorized as "well capitalized" as of september 30, 2018.
the maintenance of certain risk-based regulatory capital levels could impact various capital allocation decisions impacting one or more of our businesses.  however, due to the strong capital position of rjf and its regulated subsidiaries, we do not anticipate these capital requirements will have a negative impact on our future business activities.
see note 21 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for information on regulatory and capital requirements.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis critical accounting estimates the consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with gaap, which require us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during any reporting period in our consolidated financial statements. management has established detailed policies and control procedures intended to ensure the appropriateness of such estimates and assumptions and their consistent application from period to period. for a description of our significant accounting policies, see note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k.
we believe that of our accounting estimates and assumptions, those described in the following sections involve a high degree of judgment and complexity. due to their nature, estimates involve judgment based upon available information. actual results or amounts could differ from estimates and the difference could have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements. therefore, understanding these critical accounting estimates is important in understanding our reported results of operations and financial position.
valuation of financial instruments the use of fair value to measure financial instruments, with related gains or losses recognized in our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income, is fundamental to our financial statements and our risk management processes.
"financial instruments owned" and "financial instruments sold but not yet purchased" are reflected in the consolidated statements of financial condition at fair value. unrealized gains and losses related to these financial instruments are reflected in our net income or our other comprehensive income/(loss) ("oci"), depending on the underlying purpose of the instrument.
we measure the fair value of our financial instruments in accordance with gaap, which defines fair value, establishes a framework that we use to measure fair value and provides for certain disclosures in our financial statements. fair value is defined by gaap as the price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability.
in determining the fair value of our financial instruments in accordance with gaap, we use various valuation approaches, including market and/or income approaches. fair value is a market-based measure considered from the perspective of a market participant. as such, our fair value measurements reflect assumptions that we believe market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. in determining fair value, gaap provides for the following three levels to be used to classify our fair value measurements.
level 1 - inputs are unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
level 2 - inputs that are other than quoted prices in active markets, but which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date (i.e., prices for similar instruments).
level 3 - inputs that cannot be observed in market activity.
gaap requires that we maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when performing our fair value measurements. the availability of observable inputs can vary from instrument to instrument and in certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. in such cases, an instrument's level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. our assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement of an instrument requires judgment and consideration of factors specific to the instrument.
see notes 2, 4, 5 and 6 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for additional information on our financial instruments.
assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of both september 30, 2018 and september 30, 2017, 10% of our total assets and 2% of our total liabilities were financial instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis.
financial instruments owned and measured at fair value on a recurring basis categorized as level 3 amounted to $124 million as of september 30, 2018, and represented 3% of our assets measured at fair value and 2% of our total equity. our level 3 assets were primarily comprised of preferred auction rate securities ("ars") and private equity investments. our level 3 assets declined $77 million compared with september 30, 2017, primarily due to sales of ars and certain private equity investments.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis valuation techniques the fair values for certain of our financial instruments are derived using pricing models and other valuation techniques that involve significant management judgment. the price transparency of financial instruments is a key determinant of the degree of judgment involved in determining the fair value of our financial instruments. financial instruments which are actively traded will generally have a higher degree of price transparency than financial instruments that are thinly traded. in accordance with gaap, the criteria used to determine whether the market for a financial instrument is active or inactive is based on the particular asset or liability. we have determined the market for certain other types of financial instruments, including private equity investments and auction-rate securities, to be uncertain or inactive as of both september 30, 2018 and 2017. as a result, the valuation of these financial instruments included management judgment in determining the relevance and reliability of market information available. we considered the inactivity of the market to be evidenced by several factors, including low levels of price transparency caused by a low volume of trades, stale transaction prices and transaction prices that varied significantly either over time or among market makers.
see notes 2 and 4 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for further information about the level within the fair value hierarchy, specific valuation techniques and inputs, and other significant accounting policies pertaining to financial instruments at fair value.
loss provisions loss provisions arising from legal and regulatory matters the recorded amount of liabilities related to legal and regulatory matters is subject to significant management judgment. for a description of the significant estimates and judgments associated with establishing such accruals, see the "contingent liabilities" section of note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k. in addition, refer to note 17 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for information regarding legal and regulatory matter contingencies as of september 30, 2018.
loan loss provisions arising from operations of rj bank rj bank provides an allowance for loan losses which reflects our continuing evaluation of the probable losses inherent in the loan portfolio. refer to note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for discussion of rj bank's policies regarding the allowance for loan losses, and refer to note 8 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for quantitative information regarding the allowance balance as of september 30, 2018.
at september 30, 2018, the amortized cost of all rj bank loans was $19.7 billion and an allowance for loan losses of $203 million was recorded against that balance. the total allowance for loan losses was equal to 1.04% of the amortized cost of the loan portfolio.
rj bank's process of evaluating its probable loan losses includes a complex analysis of several quantitative and qualitative factors, requiring a substantial amount of judgment. as a result, the allowance for loan losses could be insufficient to cover actual losses. in such an event, any losses in excess of our allowance would result in a decrease in our net income, as well as a decrease in the level of regulatory capital at rj bank.
recent accounting developments for information regarding our recent accounting developments, see note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k.
off-balance sheet arrangements for information regarding our off-balance sheet arrangements, see notes 2 and 17 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis effects of inflation our assets are primarily liquid in nature and are not significantly affected by inflation. however, the rate of inflation affects our expenses, including employee compensation, communications and information processing, and occupancy costs, which may not be readily recoverable through charges for services we provide to our clients.
risk management risks are an inherent part of our business and activities. management of these risks is critical to our fiscal soundness and profitability. our risk management processes are multi-faceted and require communication, judgment and knowledge of financial products and markets. we have a formal enterprise risk management ("erm") program to assess and review aggregate risks across the firm. our management takes an active role in the erm process, which requires specific administrative and business functions to participate in the identification, assessment, monitoring and control of various risks. the results of this process are extensively documented and reported to executive management and the audit and risk committee of the board of directors.
the principal risks related to our business activities are market, credit, liquidity, operational, model, and compliance.
market risk market risk is our risk of loss resulting from the impact of changes in market prices on our inventory, derivative and investment positions. we have exposure to market risk primarily through our broker-dealer trading operations and, to a lesser extent, through our banking operations. our broker-dealer subsidiaries, primarily rj&a, trade taxable and tax-exempt debt obligations and act as an active market maker in over-the-counter equity securities. in connection with these activities, we maintain inventories in order to ensure availability of securities and to facilitate client transactions. we also hold investments in mbs and cmos within rj bank's available-for-sale securities portfolio, and also from time-to-time may hold sba loan securitizations not yet transferred.
see notes 2, 4, 5 and 6 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for fair value and other information regarding our trading inventories, available-for-sale securities and derivative instruments.
changes in value of our trading inventory may result from fluctuations in interest rates, credit spreads, equity prices, macroeconomic factors, asset liquidity and dynamic relationships among these factors. we manage our trading inventory by product type and have established trading desks with responsibility for particular product types. our primary method of controlling risk in our trading inventory is through the establishment and monitoring of risk-based limits and limits on the dollar amount of securities positions held overnight in inventory. a hierarchy of limits exists at multiple levels including firm, division, trading desk (e.g., for otc equities, corporate bonds, municipal bonds), product sub-type (e.g., below-investment-grade positions) and individual trader. position limits in trading inventory accounts are monitored on a daily basis. consolidated position and exposure reports are prepared and distributed daily to senior management. trading positions are carefully monitored for potential limit violations. management likewise monitors inventory levels and trading results, as well as inventory aging, pricing, concentration and securities ratings. for our derivatives positions, which are composed primarily of interest rate swaps but include futures contracts and forward foreign exchange contracts, we monitor daily exposure against established limits with respect to a number of factors, including interest rates, foreign exchange spot and forward rates, spread, ratio, basis and volatility risk. these derivative exposures are monitored both on a total portfolio basis and separately for each agreement for selected maturity periods.
in the normal course of business, we enter into underwriting commitments. rj&a and rj ltd., as a lead or co-lead manager or syndicate member in the underwriting deal, may be subject to market risk on any unsold shares issued in the offering to which we are committed. risk exposure is controlled by limiting participation, the deal size or through the syndication process.
interest rate risk trading activities we are exposed to interest rate risk as a result of our trading inventories (primarily comprised of fixed income instruments) in our capital markets segment. we actively manage the interest rate risk arising from our fixed income trading securities through the use of hedging strategies that involve u.s. treasury securities, futures contracts, liquid spread products and derivatives.
we monitor daily, the value-at-risk ("var") for all of our trading portfolios. var is an appropriate statistical technique for estimating potential losses in trading portfolios due to typical adverse market movements over a specified time horizon with a suitable confidence level. we apply the fed's market risk rule ("mrr") for the purpose of calculating our capital ratios. the mrr, also known as the
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis
"risk-based capital guidelines: market risk" rule released by the fed, occ and fdic, requires us to calculate var numbers for all of our trading portfolios, including fixed income, equity, foreign exchange and derivative instruments.
to calculate var, we use historical simulation. this approach assumes that historical changes in market conditions, such as in interest rates and equity prices, are representative of future changes. simulation is based on daily market data for the previous twelve months. var is reported at a 99% confidence level for a one-day time horizon. assuming that future market conditions change as they have in the past twelve months, we would expect to incur losses greater than those predicted by our one-day var estimates about once every 100 trading days, or about three times per year on average. for regulatory capital calculation purposes, we also report var numbers for a ten-day time horizon.
the fed's mrr requires us to perform daily back testing procedures of our var model, whereby we compare each day's projected var to its regulatory-defined daily trading losses, which exclude fees, commissions, reserves, net interest income and intraday trading. based on these daily "ex ante" versus "ex post" comparisons, we determine whether the number of times that regulatory-defined daily trading losses exceed var is consistent with our expectations at a 99% confidence level. during the year ended september 30, 2018, our regulatory-defined daily loss in our trading portfolios exceeded our predicted var twice.
the following table sets forth the high, low, period end and daily average var for all of our trading portfolios, including fixed income, equity, and derivative instruments, for the period and dates indicated.
the modeling of the risk characteristics of trading positions involves a number of assumptions and approximations. while management believes that its assumptions and approximations are reasonable, there is no uniform industry methodology for estimating var, and different assumptions or approximations could produce materially different var estimates. as a result, var statistics are more reliable when used as indicators of risk levels and trends within a firm than as a basis for inferring differences in risk-taking across firms.
separately, rjf provides additional market risk disclosures to comply with the mrr. the results of the application of this market risk capital rule are available on our website under www.raymondjames.com/investor-relations/financial-report under "market risk rule disclosure."
should markets suddenly become more volatile, actual trading losses may exceed var results presented on a single day and might accumulate over a longer time horizon, such as a number of consecutive trading days. accordingly, management applies additional controls including position limits, a daily review of trading results, review of the status of aged inventory, independent controls on pricing, monitoring of concentration risk, review of issuer ratings and stress testing. we utilize stress testing to complement our var analysis so as to measure risk under historical and hypothetical adverse scenarios. during volatile markets, we may choose to pare our trading inventories to reduce risk.
as a part of our fixed income public finance operations, we enter into forward commitments to purchase agency mbs which are issued on behalf of various state and local housing finance agencies. these activities result in exposure to interest rate risk. in order to hedge the interest rate risk to which we would otherwise be exposed between the date of the commitment and the date of sale of the mbs, we enter into to be announced ("tba") security contracts with investors for generic mbs at specific rates and prices to be delivered on settlement dates in the future. see notes 2 and 17 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for additional information regarding these activities.
banking operations rj bank maintains an earning asset portfolio that is comprised of cash, c&i loans, tax-exempt loans, sbl, commercial and residential real estate loans, mbs and cmos (both of which are held in the available-for-sale securities portfolio), sba loan securitizations and a trading portfolio of corporate loans.  those earning assets are primarily funded by client deposits.  based on its current earning asset portfolio, rj bank is subject to interest rate risk.  in recent years, rj bank has focused its interest rate risk analysis on the risk of market interest rates rising given the federal reserve bank's increases in short-term interest rates since december 2015.  rj bank analyzes interest rate risk based on forecasted net interest income, which is the net amount of interest received and interest paid, and the net portfolio valuation, both in a range of interest rate scenarios.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis one of the objectives of rj bank's asset liability management committee is to manage the sensitivity of net interest income to changes in market interest rates. this committee uses several measures to monitor and limit rj bank's interest rate risk, including scenario analysis and economic value of equity.
rj bank uses simulation models and estimation techniques to assess the sensitivity of net interest income to movements in interest rates. to ensure that rj bank remains within its tolerances established for net interest income, a sensitivity analysis of net interest income to interest rate conditions is estimated under a variety of scenarios. the model estimates the sensitivity by calculating interest income and interest expense in a dynamic balance sheet environment using current repricing, prepayment, and reinvestment of cash flow assumptions over a twelve month time horizon. various interest rate scenarios are modeled in order to determine the effect those scenarios may have on net interest income. scenarios presented include instantaneous interest rate shocks of up 100 and 200 basis points and down 100 basis points. while not presented, additional rate scenarios are performed including interest rate ramps and yield curve shifts that may more realistically mimic the speed of potential interest rate movements. rj bank also performs simulations on time horizons up to five years to assess longer term impacts to various interest rate scenarios. on a quarterly basis, rj bank tests expected model results to actual performance. additionally, any changes made to key assumptions in the model are documented and approved by rj bank's asset liability management committee.
we utilize a hedging strategy using interest rate swaps as a result of rj bank's asset and liability management process previously described.  for further information regarding this risk management objective, see the discussion of this hedging strategy in notes 2 and 6 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k.
the following table is an analysis of rj bank's estimated net interest income over a 12 month period based on instantaneous shifts in interest rates (expressed in basis points) using rj bank's own asset/liability model.
instantaneous changes in rate   net interest income ($ in thousands)   projected change innet interest income
refer to "management's discussion and analysis - net interest analysis" of this form 10-k, for a discussion of the impact changes in short-term interest rates could have on the firm's operations.
the following table shows the contractual maturities of rj bank's loan portfolio at september 30, 2018, including contractual principal repayments.  this table does not include any estimates of prepayments, which could shorten the average loan lives and cause the actual timing of the loan repayments to differ significantly from those shown in the table. loan amounts in the table exclude unearned income and deferred expenses.
$ in thousands                             one year or less           &gt; one year - fiveyears              &gt; 5 years                  total loans held for investment:
total loans held for investment           3,530,021                        6,340,138                     9,707,421                19,577,580
loans held for sale                               -           12                                           153,661                   153,673
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis the following table shows the distribution of the recorded investment of those rj bank loans that mature in more than one year between fixed and adjustable interest rate loans at september 30, 2018. loan amounts in the table exclude unearned income and deferred expenses.
$ in thousands                                fixed                adjustable                   total loans held for investment:
total loans held for investment       1,534,524              14,513,035                16,047,559
loans held for sale                       1,937                 151,736                   153,673
contractual loan terms for c&i, cre, cre construction and residential mortgage loans may include an interest rate floor and/or fixed interest rates for a certain period of time, which would impact the timing of the interest rate reset for the respective loan.
see the discussion within the "management's discussion and analysis - risk management - credit risk - risk monitoring process" section of this form 10-k for additional information regarding rj bank's interest-only residential mortgage loan portfolio.
in our rj bank available-for-sale securities portfolio, we hold primarily fixed-rate agency mbs and cmos which were carried at fair value in our consolidated statements of financial condition at september 30, 2018 with changes in the fair value of the portfolio recorded through oci in our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. at september 30, 2018, our rj bank available-for-sale securities portfolio had a fair value of $2.63 billion with a weighted-average yield of 2.29% and average expected duration of three years. see note 5 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for additional information.
other we hold ars, which are long-term variable rate securities tied to short-term interest rates, that are accounted for as available-for-sale and are carried at fair value on our consolidated statements of financial condition. these securities generally have embedded penalty interest rate provisions in the event auctions fail to set the security's interest rate, which are based upon a stated interest rate spread over what is typically a short-term base interest rate index. as short-term interest rates rise, the penalty rate that is specified in the security increases and the fair value of the security increases, as we estimate that at some level of increase in short-term interest rates, issuers of the securities will have the economic incentive to refinance (and thus prepay) the securities.  see notes 2, 4 and 5 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for additional information on these securities.
equity price risk we are exposed to equity price risk as a consequence of our capital markets activities. our broker-dealer activities are primarily client-driven, with the objective of meeting clients' needs while earning a trading profit to compensate for the risk associated with carrying inventory.  we attempt to reduce the risk of loss inherent in our inventory of equity securities by monitoring those security positions throughout each day and establishing position limits.
foreign exchange risk we are subject to foreign exchange risk due to our investments in foreign subsidiaries as well as transactions and resulting balances denominated in a currency other than the u.s. dollar. for example, a portion of our bank loan portfolio includes loans which are denominated in canadian dollars totaling $1.05 billion and $1.00 billion at september 30, 2018 and september 30, 2017, respectively. a portion of such loans are held by rj bank's canadian subsidiary, which is discussed in the following sections.
investments in foreign subsidiaries rj bank has an investment in a canadian subsidiary, resulting in foreign exchange risk. to mitigate its foreign exchange risk, rj bank utilizes short-term, forward foreign exchange contracts. these derivative agreements are primarily accounted for as net investment
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis hedges in the consolidated financial statements. see notes 2 and 6 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for further information regarding these derivative contracts.
we had foreign exchange risk in our investment in rj ltd. of cad 352 million at september 30, 2018, which was not hedged. foreign exchange gains/losses related to this investment are primarily reflected in oci on our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. see note 18 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for further information regarding all of our components of oci.
we also have foreign exchange risk associated with our investments in subsidiaries located in europe. these investments are not hedged and we do not believe we have material foreign exchange risk either individually, or in the aggregate, pertaining to these subsidiaries.
transactions and resulting balances denominated in a currency other than the u.s. dollar we are subject to foreign exchange risk due to our holdings of cash and certain other assets and liabilities resulting from transactions denominated in a currency other than the u.s. dollar. any currency related gains/losses arising from these foreign currency denominated balances are reflected in "other" revenues in our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. the foreign exchange risk associated with a portion of such transactions and balances denominated in foreign currency are mitigated utilizing short-term, forward foreign exchange contracts. such derivatives are not designated hedges and therefore, the related gains/losses associated with these contracts are included in "other" revenues in our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. see note 6 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for information regarding our derivative contracts.
credit risk credit risk is the risk of loss due to adverse changes in a borrower's, issuer's or counterparty's ability to meet its financial obligations under contractual or agreed upon terms. the nature and amount of credit risk depends on the type of transaction, the structure and duration of that transaction, and the parties involved. credit risk is an integral component of the profit assessment of lending and other financing activities.
we are engaged in various trading and brokerage activities in which our counterparties primarily include broker-dealers, banks and other financial institutions. we are exposed to risk that these counterparties may not fulfill their obligations. the risk of default depends on the creditworthiness of the counterparty and/or the issuer of the instrument. we manage this risk by imposing and monitoring individual and aggregate position limits within each business segment for each counterparty, conducting regular credit reviews of financial counterparties, reviewing security and loan concentrations, holding and calculating the fair value of collateral on certain transactions and conducting business through clearing organizations, which may guarantee performance.
our client activities involve the execution, settlement, and financing of various transactions on behalf of our clients. client activities are transacted on either a cash or margin basis. credit exposure results from client margin accounts, which are monitored daily and are collateralized. we monitor exposure to industry sectors and individual securities and perform analysis on a regular basis in connection with our margin lending activities. we adjust our margin requirements if we believe our risk exposure is not appropriate based on market conditions. in addition, when clients execute a purchase, we are at some risk that the client will renege on the trade. if this occurs, we may have to liquidate the position at a loss. however, most private clients have available funds in the account before the trade is executed.
we offer loans to financial advisors and certain other key revenue producers, primarily for recruiting, transitional cost assistance and retention purposes. we have credit risk and may incur a loss in the event that such borrower declares bankruptcy or is no longer affiliated with us. historically, such losses have not been significant due to our strong advisor retention and successful collection efforts.
we are subject to concentration risk if we hold large positions, extend large loans to, or have large commitments with a single counterparty, borrower, or group of similar counterparties or borrowers (e.g., in the same industry). securities purchased under agreements to resell consist primarily of securities issued by the u.s. government or its agencies. receivables from and payables to clients and securities borrowing and lending activities are conducted with a large number of clients and counterparties and potential concentration is carefully monitored. inventory and investment positions taken and commitments made, including underwritings, may involve exposure to individual issuers and businesses. we seek to limit this risk through careful review of the underlying business and the use of limits established by senior management, taking into consideration factors including the financial strength of the counterparty, the size of the position or commitment, the expected duration of the position or commitment and other positions or commitments outstanding.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis rj bank has substantial c&i, cre, tax-exempt, sbl and residential mortgage loan portfolios.  a significant downturn in the overall economy, deterioration in real estate values or a significant issue within any sector or sectors where rj bank has a concentration could result in large provisions for loan losses and/or charge-offs.
rj bank's strategy for credit risk management includes well-defined credit policies, uniform underwriting criteria, and ongoing risk monitoring and review processes for all corporate, tax-exempt, residential and sbl credit exposures. the strategy also includes diversification on a geographic, industry and customer level, regular credit examinations and management reviews of all corporate and tax-exempt loans as well as individual delinquent residential loans. the credit risk management process also includes an annual independent review of the credit risk monitoring process that performs assessments of compliance with credit policies, risk ratings, and other critical credit information. rj bank seeks to identify potential problem loans early, record any necessary risk rating changes and charge-offs promptly and maintain appropriate reserve levels for probable inherent losses. rj bank utilizes a comprehensive credit risk rating system to measure the credit quality of individual corporate and tax-exempt loans and related unfunded lending commitments, including the probability of default and/or loss given default of each corporate and tax-exempt loan, and commitment outstanding. for its sbl and residential mortgage loans, rj bank utilizes the credit risk rating system used by bank regulators in measuring the credit quality of each homogeneous class of loans.
rj bank's allowance for loan losses methodology is described in note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k. as rj bank's loan portfolio is segregated into six portfolio segments, likewise, the allowance for loan losses is segregated by these same segments.  the risk characteristics relevant to each portfolio segment are as follows.
c&i:  loans in this segment are made to businesses and are generally secured by all assets of the business.  repayment is expected from the cash flows of the respective business.  unfavorable economic and political conditions, including the resultant decrease in consumer or business spending, may have an adverse effect on the credit quality of loans in this segment.
cre:  loans in this segment are primarily secured by income-producing properties.  for owner-occupied properties, the cash flows are derived from the operations of the business, and the underlying cash flows may be adversely affected by the deterioration in the financial condition of the operating business.  the underlying cash flows generated by non-owner-occupied properties may be adversely affected by increased vacancy and rental rates, which are monitored on a quarterly basis.  adverse developments in either of these areas may have a negative effect on the credit quality of loans in this segment.
cre construction: loans in this segment have similar risk characteristics of loans in the cre segment as previously described. in addition, project budget overruns and performance variables related to the contractor and subcontractors may affect the credit quality of loans in this segment. with respect to commercial construction of residential developments, there is also the risk that the builder has a geographical concentration of developments.  adverse developments in all of these areas may significantly affect the credit quality of the loans in this segment.
tax-exempt: loans in this segment are made to governmental and nonprofit entities and are generally secured by a pledge of revenue and, in some cases, by a security interest in or a mortgage on the asset being financed. for loans to governmental entities, repayment is expected from a pledge of certain revenues or taxes. for nonprofit entities, repayment is expected from revenues which may include fundraising proceeds. these loans are subject to demographic risk, therefore much of the credit assessment of tax-exempt loans is driven by the entity's revenue base and general economic environment. adverse developments in either of these areas may have a negative effect on the credit quality of loans in this segment.
residential mortgage (includes home equity loans/lines):  all of rj bank's residential mortgage loans adhere to stringent underwriting parameters pertaining to credit score and credit history, debt-to-income ratio of borrower, loan-to-value ("ltv"), and combined ltv (including second mortgage/home equity loans).  rj bank does not originate or purchase option adjustable rate mortgage ("arm") loans with negative amortization, reverse mortgages, or loans to subprime borrowers.  loans with deeply discounted teaser rates are not originated or purchased.  all loans in this segment are collateralized by residential real estate and repayment is primarily dependent on the credit quality of the individual borrower.  a decline in the strength of the economy, particularly unemployment rates and housing prices, among other factors, could have a significant effect on the credit quality of loans in this segment.
sbl:  loans in this segment are generally secured by marketable securities at advance rates consistent with industry standards. these loans are monitored daily for adherence to ltv guidelines and when a loan exceeds the required ltv, a collateral call is issued. past due loans are minimal as any past due amounts result in a notice to the client for payment or the potential sale of securities which will bring the loan current.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis in evaluating credit risk, rj bank considers trends in loan performance, the level of allowance coverage relative to similar banking institutions, industry or customer concentrations, the loan portfolio composition and macroeconomic factors. there continue to be concerns over the retail and energy sectors. these factors have a potentially negative impact on loan performance and net charge-offs. however, during fiscal year 2018, corporate borrowers have continued to access the markets for new equity and debt.
several factors were taken into consideration in evaluating the allowance for loan losses at september 30, 2018, including the risk profile of the portfolios, net charge-offs during the period, the level of nonperforming loans and delinquency ratios. rj bank also considered the uncertainty related to certain industry sectors and the extent of credit exposure to specific borrowers within the portfolio. finally, rj bank considered current economic conditions that might impact the portfolio. rj bank determined the allowance that was required for specific loan grades based on relative risk characteristics of the loan portfolio. on an ongoing basis, rj bank evaluates its methods for determining the allowance for each class of loans and makes enhancements it considers appropriate. there was no material change in rj bank's methodology for determining the allowance for loan losses during the year ended september 30, 2018.
the following table presents rj bank's changes in the allowance for loan losses.
allowance for loan losses beginning of year                        $190,442              $197,378              $172,257              $147,574              $136,501
provision for loan losses                                            20,481                12,987                28,167                23,570                13,565
foreign exchange translation adjustment                                (495   )               729                   (37   )            (1,644   )              (745   )
allowance for loan losses end of year                              $202,750              $190,442              $197,378              $172,257              $147,574
allowance for loan losses to total bank loans outstanding              1.04   %              1.11   %              1.30   %              1.32   %              1.33   %
see explanation of the loan loss provision in item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - results of operations - rj bank" of this form 10-k. as a result of improved credit quality in the loan portfolio, the total allowance for loan losses to total bank loans outstanding declined to 1.04% at september 30, 2018 from 1.11% at september 30, 2017.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis the following tables present net loan (charge-offs)/recoveries and the percentage of net loan (charge-offs)/recoveries to the average outstanding loan balances by loan portfolio segment.
the level of charge-off activity is a factor that is considered in evaluating the potential for severity of future credit losses. net charge-offs during fiscal 2018 decreased $13 million as compared to the prior year. the decrease was due to the prior year reflecting the resolution of one c&i loan which resulted in a significant charge-off during fiscal 2017.
the following tables present the nonperforming loans balance and total allowance for loan losses balance for the periods presented.
$ in thousands                                                     nonperformingloan balance            allowance for loan losses balance          loan category as a % of total loans receivable            nonperformingloan balance          allowance forloan losses balance          loan category as a % of total loans receivable loans held for investment:
loans held for sale                                                             -                                         -                                           1                         %                         -                                       -                                          -
total nonperforming loans as a % of rj bank total loans                      0.12   %                                                                                                                                  0.23   %
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis september 30,
$ in thousands                                                    nonperforming loan balance            allowance for loan losses balance          loan category as a % of total loans receivable           nonperforming loan balance            allowance for loan losses balance          loan category as a % of total loans receivable loans held for investment:
loans held for sale                                                             -                                         -                                           1                         %                         -                                         -                                           1                         %
total nonperforming loans as a % of rj bank total loans                      0.53   %                                                                                                                                  0.40   %
$ in thousands                                                    nonperforming loan balance             allowance for loan losses balance          loan category as a % of total loans receivable loans held for investment:
loans held for sale                                                             -                                          -                                           -
total nonperforming loans as a % of rj bank total loans                      0.73   %
the level of nonperforming loans is another indicator of potential future credit losses. the amount of nonperforming loans decreased $14 million during the year ended september 30, 2018 primarily due to an $11 million decrease in nonperforming residential mortgage loans. included in nonperforming residential mortgage loans were $22 million in loans for which $11 million in charge-offs were previously recorded, resulting in less exposure within the remaining balance.
the nonperforming loan balances above exclude $12 million, $14 million, $14 million, $15 million and $14 million as of september 30, 2018, 2017, 2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively, of residential troubled debt restructurings ("tdr") which were returned to accrual status in accordance with our policy. total nonperforming assets, including other real estate acquired in the settlement of residential mortgages, amounted to $28 million, $44 million, $86 million, $57 million and $86 million at as of september 30, 2018, 2017, 2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively. total nonperforming assets as a percentage of rj bank total assets were 0.12%, 0.21%, 0.50%, 0.39% and 0.69% at as of september 30, 2018, 2017, 2016, 2015, and 2014 respectively.
loan underwriting policies a component of rj bank's credit risk management strategy is conservative, well-defined policies and procedures. rj bank's underwriting policies for the major types of loans are described below.
sbl and residential mortgage loan portfolios rj bank's residential mortgage loan portfolio consists of first mortgage loans originated by rj bank via referrals from our pcg financial advisors and the general public, as well as first mortgage loans purchased by rj bank. all of rj bank's residential mortgage loans adhere to strict underwriting parameters pertaining to credit score and credit history, debt-to-income ratio of the borrower, ltv, and combined ltv (including second mortgage/home equity loans). as of september 30, 2018, approximately 70% of the residential loans were fully documented loans to industry standards and 96% of the residential mortgage loan portfolio consisted of owner-occupant borrowers (78% for their primary residences and 18% for second home residences). approximately 25% of the first lien residential
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis mortgage loans were arms with interest-only payments based on a fixed rate for an initial period of the loan, typically five to seven years, then become fully amortizing, subject to annual and lifetime interest rate caps. a significant portion of our originated 15 or 30-year fixed-rate mortgage loans are sold in the secondary market. rj bank's sbl portfolio is comprised of loans fully collateralized by client's marketable securities and represented 15% of rj bank's total loan portfolio as of september 30, 2018. the underwriting policy for rj bank's sbl primarily includes a review of collateral, including ltv, with a limited review of repayment history.
while rj bank has chosen not to participate in any government-sponsored loan modification programs, its loan modification policy does take into consideration some of the programs' parameters and supports every effort to assist borrowers within the guidelines of safety and soundness. in general, rj bank considers the qualification terms outlined in the government-sponsored programs as well as the affordability test and other factors. rj bank retains flexibility to determine the appropriate modification structure and required documentation to support the borrower's current financial situation before approving a modification. short sales are also used by rj bank to mitigate credit losses.
corporate and tax-exempt loan portfolios rj bank's corporate and tax-exempt loan portfolios were comprised of approximately 500 borrowers, the majority of which are underwritten, managed and reviewed at our corporate headquarters location, which facilitates close monitoring of the portfolio by credit risk personnel, relationship officers and senior rj bank executives. rj bank's corporate loan portfolio is diversified among a number of industries in both the u.s. and canada and comprised of project finance real estate loans, commercial lines of credit and term loans, the majority of which are participations in shared national credit ("snc") or other large syndicated loans, and tax-exempt loans. rj bank is sometimes involved in the syndication of the loan at inception and some of these loans have been purchased in the secondary trading markets. the remainder of the corporate loan portfolio is comprised of smaller participations and direct loans. there are no subordinated loans or mezzanine financings in the corporate loan portfolio. rj bank's tax-exempt loans are long-term loans to governmental and nonprofit entities. these loans generally have lower overall credit risk, but are subject to other risks that are not usually present with corporate clients, including the risk associated with the constituency served by a local government and the risk in ensuring an obligation has appropriate tax treatment.
regardless of the source, all corporate and tax-exempt loans are independently underwritten to rj bank credit policies and are subject to approval by a loan committee, and credit quality is monitored on an on-going basis by rj bank's lending staff. rj bank credit policies include criteria related to ltv limits based upon property type, single borrower loan limits, loan term and structure parameters (including guidance on leverage, debt service coverage ratios and debt repayment ability), industry concentration limits, secondary sources of repayment, municipality demographics, and other criteria. a large portion of rj bank's corporate loans are to borrowers in industries in which we have expertise, through coverage provided by our capital markets research analysts. more than half of rj bank's corporate borrowers are public companies. rj bank's corporate loans are generally secured by all assets of the borrower, in some instances are secured by mortgages on specific real estate, and with respect to tax-exempt loans, are generally secured by a pledge of revenue. in a limited number of transactions, loans in the portfolio are extended on an unsecured basis. in addition, all corporate and tax-exempt loans are subject to rj bank's regulatory review.
risk monitoring process another component of the credit risk strategy at rj bank is the ongoing risk monitoring and review processes for all residential, sbl, corporate and tax-exempt credit exposures, as well as our rigorous processes to manage and limit credit losses arising from loan delinquencies.  there are various other factors included in these processes, depending on the loan portfolio.
sbl and residential mortgage loans the marketable collateral securing rj bank's sbl is monitored on a daily basis. collateral adjustments are made by the borrower as necessary to ensure rj bank's loans are adequately secured, resulting in minimizing its credit risk. collateral calls have been minimal relative to our sbl portfolio with no losses incurred to date.
we track and review many factors to monitor credit risk in rj bank's residential mortgage loan portfolio. the qualitative factors include, but are not limited to: loan performance trends, loan product parameters and qualification requirements, borrower credit scores, occupancy (i.e., owner-occupied, second home or investment property), level of documentation, loan purpose, geographic concentrations, average loan size and loan policy exceptions.  these qualitative measures, while considered and reviewed in establishing the allowance for loan losses, have not resulted in any material quantitative adjustments to rj bank's historical loss rates.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis the following table presents a summary of delinquent residential mortgage loans, which are comprised of loans which are two or more payments past due as well as loans in the process of foreclosure.
home equity loans/lines                       23                         122                       145                   0.09           %                    0.46           %                    0.55           %
home equity loans/lines                      248                          18                       266                   0.91           %                    0.07           %                    0.98           %
at september 30, 2018, loans over 30 days delinquent (including nonperforming loans) decreased to 0.39% of residential mortgage loans outstanding, compared to 0.73% over 30 days delinquent at september 30, 2017.  our september 30, 2018 percentage continues to compare favorably to the national average for over 30 day delinquencies of 3.53%, as most recently reported by the fed.  rj bank's significantly lower delinquency rate as compared to its peers is the result of our uniform underwriting policies, the lack of subprime loans and the limited amount of non-traditional loan products.
to manage and limit credit losses, we maintain a rigorous process to manage our loan delinquencies. with all residential first mortgages serviced by a third party, the primary collection effort resides with the servicer. rj bank personnel direct and actively monitor the servicers' efforts through extensive communications regarding individual loan status changes and requirements of timely and appropriate collection or property management actions and reporting, including management of third parties used in the collection process (appraisers, attorneys, etc.). additionally, every residential mortgage loan over 60 days past due is reviewed by rj bank personnel monthly and documented in a written report detailing delinquency information, balances, collection status, appraised value, and other data points. rj bank senior management meets monthly to discuss the status, collection strategy and charge-off recommendations on every residential mortgage loan over 60 days past due. updated collateral valuations are obtained for loans over 90 days past due and charge-offs are taken on individual loans based on these valuations.
credit risk is also managed by diversifying the residential mortgage portfolio. the following table details the geographic concentrations (top five states) of rj bank's one-to-four family residential mortgage loans.
loans where borrowers may be subject to payment increases include adjustable rate mortgage loans with terms that initially require payment of interest only.  payments may increase significantly when the interest-only period ends and the loan principal begins to amortize. at september 30, 2018 and 2017, these loans totaled $992 million and $683 million, respectively, or approximately 25% and 20% of the residential mortgage portfolio, respectively.  the weighted average number of years before the remainder of the loans, which were still in their interest-only period at september 30, 2018, begins amortizing is 6.6 years.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis a component of credit risk management for the residential portfolio is the ltv ratio and borrower credit score at origination or purchase. the following table details the most recent weighted-average ltv ratios and fico scores at origination of rj bank's residential first mortgage loan portfolio.
corporate and tax-exempt loans credit risk in rj bank's corporate and tax-exempt loan portfolios are monitored on an individual loan basis for trends in borrower operating performance, payment history, credit ratings, collateral performance, loan covenant compliance, semi-annual snc exam results, municipality demographics and other factors including industry performance and concentrations. as part of the credit review process, the loan grade is reviewed at least quarterly to confirm the appropriate risk rating for each credit. the individual loan ratings resulting from the snc exams are incorporated in rj bank's internal loan ratings when the ratings are received and if the snc rating is lower on an individual loan than rj bank's internal rating, the loan is downgraded. while rj bank considers historical snc exam results in its loan ratings methodology, differences between the snc exam and internal ratings on individual loans typically arise due to subjectivity of the loan classification process. these differences may result in additional provision for loan losses in periods when snc exam results are received. see note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k, specifically the "bank loans, net" section, for additional information on rj bank's allowance for loan loss policies.
other than loans classified as nonperforming, there were no corporate and tax-exempt loans that were delinquent greater than 30 days at september 30, 2018.
credit risk is also managed by diversifying the corporate loan portfolio. rj bank's corporate loan portfolio does not contain a significant concentration in any single industry. the following table details the industry concentrations (top five categories) of rj bank's corporate loans.
hospitality                                                                           5.1%                                                     3.3%   retail real estate                                                                    5.3%                                                     3.6%
business systems and services                                                         4.7%                                                     3.1%   consumer products and services                                                        5.2%                                                     3.5%
consumer products and services                                                        4.6%                                                     3.0%   hospitality                                                                           4.7%                                                     3.2%
retail real estate                                                                    4.3%                                                     2.8%   business systems and services                                                         4.5%                                                     3.1%
liquidity risk see the section "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - liquidity and capital resources" of this form 10-k for information regarding our liquidity and how we manage liquidity risk.
operational risk operational risk generally refers to the risk of loss resulting from our operations, including, but not limited to, business disruptions, improper or unauthorized execution and processing of transactions, deficiencies in our technology or financial operating systems and inadequacies or breaches in our control processes including cybersecurity incidents. see item 1a "risk factors" of this form 10-k for a discussion of certain cybersecurity risks. we operate different businesses in diverse markets and are reliant on the ability of our employees and systems to process a large number of transactions. these risks are less direct than credit and market risk, but managing them is critical, particularly in a rapidly changing environment with increasing transaction volumes and complexity. in the event of a breakdown or improper operation of systems or improper action by employees, we could suffer financial loss, regulatory sanctions and damage to our reputation. in order to mitigate and control operational risk, we have developed and continue to enhance specific policies and procedures that are designed to identify and manage operational risk at appropriate levels throughout the organization and within such departments as accounting, operations, information technology, legal, compliance, risk management and internal audit. these control mechanisms attempt to ensure that operational policies and procedures are being followed and that our various businesses are operating within established corporate policies and limits. business continuity plans exist for critical systems, and redundancies are built into the systems as deemed appropriate.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis we have an operational risk management committee comprised of members of senior management, which reviews and addresses operational risks across our businesses. the committee establishes, and from time-to-time will reassess, risk appetite levels for major operational risks, monitors operating unit performance for adherence to defined risk tolerances, and establishes policies for risk management at the enterprise level.
as more fully described in the discussion of our business technology risks included in various risk factors presented in item 1a "risk factors" of this form 10-k, despite our implementation of protective measures and endeavoring to modify them as circumstances warrant, our computer systems, software and networks may be vulnerable to human error, natural disasters, power loss, spam attacks, unauthorized access, distributed denial of service attacks, computer viruses and other malicious code and other events that could have an impact on the security and stability of our operations.  notwithstanding the precautions we take, if one or more of these events were to occur, this could jeopardize the information we confidentially maintain, including that of our clients and counterparties, which is processed, stored in and transmitted through our computer systems and networks, or otherwise cause interruptions or malfunctions in our operations or the operations of our clients or counterparties. to-date, we have not experienced any material losses relating to cyberattacks or other information security breaches; however, there can be no assurances that we will not suffer such losses in the future.
model risk model risk refers to the possibility of unintended business outcomes arising from the design, implementation or use of models. models are used throughout the firm for a variety of purposes such as the valuation of financial instruments, assessing risk, stress testing, and to assist in the making of business decisions. model risk includes the potential risk that management makes incorrect decisions based upon either incorrect model results or incorrect understanding and use of model results. model risk may also occur when model output experiences a deviation from the expected result. model risk can result in significant financial loss, inaccurate financial or regulatory reporting, misaligned business strategies or damage to our reputation.
model risk management ("mrm") is a separate department within our risk management department and is independent of model owners, users, and developers. our model risk management framework consists primarily of model governance, maintaining the firm-wide model inventory, validating and approving all material models used across the firm, and on-going monitoring. results of validations and issues identified are reported to the enterprise risk management committee and the audit and risk committee of the board of directors. mrm assumes responsibility for the independent and effective challenge of model completeness, integrity and design based on intended use.
compliance risk compliance risk is the risk of legal or regulatory sanctions, financial loss, or reputational damage that we may suffer from a failure to comply with applicable laws, external standards, or internal requirements.  our compliance department plays a key leadership role in the oversight, management, and mitigation of compliance risk throughout the firm, including through conducting an annual compliance risk assessment and monitoring and testing activities, implementing policies, training associates on compliance-related topics, and reporting compliance risk-related issues and metrics to the board of directors and senior management, among other activities.
our board of directors oversees the firm's management and mitigation of compliance risk, setting a culture that encourages ethical conduct and compliance throughout the firm.  senior management communicates and reinforces this culture.  our first line of defense, which includes all of our segments, is responsible for managing and mitigating compliance risk arising from its activities.  the second line of defense - which includes the compliance, legal, and risk management departments, including the anti-money laundering and financial crimes department - supports, oversees, and provides challenge to the first line of defense in its management and mitigation of compliance risk.  the third line of defense, internal audit, independently reviews activities conducted by the previous lines of defense to assess their management and mitigation of compliance risk, providing additional assurance to the board of directors and senior management with a view to enhancing our oversight, management, and mitigation of compliance risk.
the firm has a number of management-level committees through which compliance risk is overseen, managed, and mitigated.  these committees include the anti-money laundering oversight committee, compliance and standards committee, compliance risk and ethics committee, enterprise risk management committee, executive committee, new product approval committee, operational risk management committee, and supplier risk management committee.
we have significantly increased the number of associates who are dedicated to managing and mitigating compliance risk, including anti-money laundering-related matters.  we have also invested in technology to improve our associates' ability to monitor and detect compliance risk, including suspicious activities.  we will continue to devote significant resources to the expansion and support of the firm's framework for managing and mitigating compliance risk.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries