item 1a. risk factors our annual report on form 10-k for fiscal 2018, and information we provide in our annual report to stockholders, press releases, and other investor communications, including those on our corporate website, may contain forward-looking statements with respect to anticipated future events and our projected growth, financial performance, operations, and competitive position that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those forward-looking statements and from our prior expectations and projections. refer to management's discussion and analysis for a more complete identification and discussion of "forward-looking statements."
our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the performance of our common stock may be adversely affected by a number of risk factors. risks and uncertainties that apply to both ross and dd's discounts include, without limitation, the following:
competitive pressures in the apparel and home-related merchandise retailing industry are high.
the retail industry is highly competitive and the marketplace is highly fragmented, as many different retailers compete for market share by utilizing a variety of store and on-line formats and merchandising strategies. we expect competition to increase in the future. there are no significant economic barriers for others to enter our retail sector. we compete for customers, associates, store locations, and merchandise with many other local, regional, and national retailers, traditional department stores, upscale mass merchandisers, other off-price retailers, specialty stores, internet and catalog businesses, and other forms of retail commerce. our retail competitors constantly adjust their pricing, business strategies and promotional activity (particularly during holiday periods) in response to changing market conditions or their own financial condition. the substantial sales growth in e-commerce within the last decade has also encouraged the entry of many new competitors, new business models, and an increase in competition from established companies looking for ways to create successful on-line off-price shopping alternatives. intense pressures from our competitors, our inability to adapt effectively and quickly to a changing competitive landscape, or a failure to effectively execute our off-price model, could reduce demand for our merchandise, decrease our inventory turnover, cause us to take greater markdowns, and negatively affect our sales and margins.
our success depends on our ability to effectively buy and resell merchandise that meets customer demand. we work on an ongoing basis to identify customer trends and preferences, and to obtain merchandise inventory to meet anticipated customer needs. it is very challenging to successfully do this well and consistently across our diverse merchandise categories and in the multiple markets in which we operate throughout the united states. although our off-price business model provides us certain advantages and may allow us greater flexibility than traditional retailers have in adjusting our merchandise mix to ever-changing consumer tastes, our merchandising decisions may still fail to correctly anticipate and match consumer trends and preferences, particularly in our newer geographic markets. failure to correctly anticipate and match the trends, preferences, and demands of our customers could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results.
unseasonable weather and prolonged, extreme temperatures, and events such as storms, affect consumers' buying patterns and willingness to shop, and may adversely affect the demand for merchandise in our stores, particularly in apparel and seasonal merchandise. among other things, weather conditions may also affect our ability to deliver our products to our stores or require us to close certain stores temporarily, thereby reducing store traffic. even if stores are not closed, many customers may be unable to go, or may decide to avoid going to stores in bad weather. as a result, adverse or unseasonable weather in any of our markets could lead to disappointing sales and cause us to increase our markdowns, which may negatively affect our sales and margins.
we are subject to impacts from the macro-economic environment, financial and credit markets, and geopolitical conditions that affect consumer confidence and consumer disposable income.
consumer spending habits for the merchandise we sell are affected by many factors, including prevailing economic conditions, recession and fears of recession, levels of unemployment, salaries and wage rates, housing costs, energy and fuel costs, income tax rates and the timing of tax refunds, inflation, consumer confidence in future economic conditions, consumer perceptions of personal well-being and security, availability of consumer credit, consumer debt levels, and consumers' disposable income. adverse developments in any of these areas could reduce demand for our merchandise, decrease our inventory turnover, cause greater markdowns, and negatively affect our sales and margins. all of our stores are located in the united states and its territories, so we are especially susceptible to changes in the u.s. economy.
we purchase the majority of our inventory based on our sales plans. if our sales plans significantly differ from actual demand, we may experience higher inventory levels and need to take markdowns on excess or slow-moving inventory, resulting in decreased profit margins. we also may have insufficient inventory to meet customer demand, leading to lost sales opportunities. as a regular part of our business, we purchase "packaway" inventory with the intent that it will be stored in our warehouses until a later date. the timing of the release of packaway inventory to our stores varies by merchandise category and by season, but it typically remains in storage less than six months. packaway inventory is frequently a significant portion of our overall inventory. if we make packaway purchases that do not align with consumer preferences at the later time of release to our stores, we could have significant inventory markdowns. changes in packaway inventory levels could impact our operating cash flow. although we have various systems to help protect against loss or theft of our inventory, both when in storage and once distributed to our stores, we may have damaged, lost, or stolen inventory (called "shortage") in higher amounts than we forecast, which would result in write-offs, lost sales, and reduced margins.
we depend on the market availability, quantity, and quality of attractive brand name merchandise at desirable discounts, and on the ability of our buyers to purchase merchandise to enable us to offer customers a wide assortment of merchandise at competitive prices.
opportunistic buying, lean inventory levels, and frequent inventory turns are critical elements of our off-price business strategy. maintaining an overall pricing differential to department and specialty stores is also key to our ability to attract customers and sustain our sales and gross margins. our opportunistic buying places considerable discretion with our merchants, who are in the marketplace continually and who are generally purchasing merchandise for the current or upcoming season. our ability to meet or exceed our operating performance targets depends upon the continuous, sufficient availability of high quality merchandise that we can acquire at prices sufficiently below those paid by conventional retailers and that represent a value to our customers. to the extent that certain of our vendors are better able to manage their inventory levels and reduce the amount of their excess inventory, the amount of high quality merchandise available to us could be materially reduced. to the extent that certain of our vendors decide not to sell to us or go out of business, the amount of high quality merchandise available to us could also be materially reduced. because a significant portion of the apparel and other goods we sell is originally manufactured in other countries, changes in u.s. tariffs, trade relationships, or tax policies that reduce the supply or increase the relative cost of imported goods, could also result in disruptions to our existing supply relationships. shortages or disruptions in the availability to us of high quality, value-priced merchandise would likely have a material adverse effect on our sales and margins.
information or data security breaches, including cyber-attacks on our transaction processing and computer information systems, could result in theft or unauthorized disclosure of customer, credit card, employee, or other private and valuable information that we handle in the ordinary course of our business, disrupt our operations, damage our reputation, and increase our costs.
like other large retailers, we rely on commercially available computer and telecommunications systems to process, transmit, and store payment card and other personal and confidential information, and to provide information or data security for those transactions. some of the key information systems and processes we use to handle payment card transactions and check approvals, and the levels of security technology utilized in payment cards, are controlled by the banking and payment card industry, not by us. cyber criminals may attempt to penetrate our point of sale and other information systems to misappropriate customer or business information, including but not limited to credit/debit card, personnel, or trade information. despite security measures we have in place, and our efforts to prevent, monitor, and mitigate attacks and errors, our facilities and systems (or those of third-party service providers we utilize or connect to) may be vulnerable to security breaches, acts of vandalism, computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, programming and/or human errors, phishing and similar fraudulent attacks, or other similar events. it is also possible that an associate within our company, or a third party we do business with, may purposefully or inadvertently cause a security breach involving such information. the increasing sophistication of cyber criminals and advances in computer capabilities and remote access increases these risks. a breach of our information or data security, a system shut down or other response we may take, or our failure or delay in detecting and mitigating a loss of personal or business information, could result in damage to our reputation, loss of customer confidence, violation (or alleged violation) of applicable laws, and expose us to civil claims, litigation, and regulatory action, and to unanticipated costs and disruption of our operations.
disruptions in our supply chain or in our information systems could impact our ability to process sales and to deliver product to our stores in a timely and cost-effective manner.
various information systems are critical to our ability to operate and to manage key aspects of our business. we depend on the integrity, continuous availability, and consistent operations of these systems to process transactions in our stores, track inventory flow, manage merchandise allocation and distribution logistics, generate performance and financial reports, and support merchandising decisions.
we are currently making, and will continue to make, significant technology investments to improve or replace information processes and systems that are key to managing our business. we must monitor and choose sound investments and implement them at the right pace. the risk of system disruption is increased whenever significant system changes are undertaken. an excessive rate of technological change could detract from the effectiveness of adoption, and could make it more difficult for us to realize benefits from new technology. poorly targeting opportunities, failing to make good investments, or making an investment commitment significantly above or below our needs could damage our competitive position and adversely impact our business and results of operations. additionally, the potential problems and interruptions associated with implementing technology system changes could disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations in the short term. these initiatives might not provide us with the anticipated benefits, or may provide them on a delayed schedule or at a higher cost.
our information systems, including our back-up systems, are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, internal or external security breaches, catastrophic events such as severe storms, fires, earthquakes, floods, acts of terrorism, and design or usage errors by our employees or by third parties. if our information systems or our back-up systems are damaged or cease to function properly, we may have to make significant investments to fix or replace them, and we may suffer interruptions in our operations in the interim. any material interruption in our computer systems could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
a disruption within our logistics or supply chain network could adversely affect our ability to timely and efficiently transport merchandise to our stores or our distribution centers, which could impair our ability to meet customer demand for products and result in lost sales or increased supply chain costs. such disruptions may result from: damage or destruction to our distribution centers; weather-related events; natural disasters; trade restrictions; tariffs; third-party strikes or ineffective cross dock operations; work stoppages or slowdowns; shipping capacity constraints; supply or shipping interruptions or costs; or other factors beyond our control. any such disruptions could negatively impact our financial performance or financial condition.
we need to obtain acceptable new store sites with favorable consumer demographics to achieve our planned growth.
successful growth requires us to find appropriate real estate sites in our targeted market areas. we compete with other retailers and businesses for acceptable store locations. for the purpose of identifying locations we rely, in part, on consumer demographics. while we believe consumer demographics are helpful indicators of acceptable store locations, we recognize that this information cannot predict future consumer preferences and buying trends with complete accuracy. time frames for negotiations and store development vary from location to location and can be subject to unforeseen delays or unexpected cancellations. we may not be able to open new stores or, if opened, operate those new stores profitably. construction and other delays in store openings could have a negative impact on our business and operating results. additionally, we may not be able to renegotiate our current lease terms which could negatively impact our operating results. new stores may not achieve the same sales or profit levels as our existing stores, and adding stores to existing markets may adversely affect the sales and profitability of other existing stores. if we cannot acquire sites on attractive terms, it could limit our ability to grow or adversely affect the economics of our new stores in various markets.
our growth strategy is based on successfully expanding our off-price model in current markets and in new geographic regions. there are significant risks associated with our ability to continue to expand our current business and to enter new markets. stores we open in new markets may take longer to reach expected sales and profit levels on a consistent basis and may have higher construction, occupancy, advertising, or operating costs than stores we open in existing markets, thereby affecting our overall profitability. new markets may have competitive conditions, consumer tastes, and discretionary spending patterns that are more difficult to predict or satisfy than our existing markets. our limited operating experience and limited brand recognition in new markets may require us to build brand awareness in that market through greater investments in advertising and promotional activity than we originally planned. we may find it more difficult in new markets to hire, motivate, and retain qualified associates.
consumer problems or legal issues involving the quality, safety, or authenticity of products we sell could harm our reputation, result in lost sales, and/or increase our costs.
various governmental authorities regulate the quality and safety of merchandise we sell. these regulations and related laws frequently change, and the ultimate cost of compliance cannot be precisely estimated. because of our opportunistic buying strategy, we sometimes obtain merchandise in new categories or from new vendors that we have not dealt with before. although our vendor arrangements typically place contractual responsibility on the vendor for resulting liability and we generally rely on our vendors to provide authentic merchandise that matches the stated quality attributes, and complies with applicable product safety and other laws, vendor non-compliance with consumer product safety laws may subject us to product recalls, make certain products unsalable, or require us to incur significant compliance costs.
regardless of fault, any real or perceived issues with the quality and safety of merchandise we offer, particularly products such as food and children's items, issues with the authenticity of merchandise, or our inability, or that of our vendors, to comply on a timely basis with laws and regulatory requirements, could adversely affect our reputation, result in lost sales, inventory write-offs, uninsured product liability or other legal claims, penalties or losses, merchandise recalls, and increased costs.
as an ordinary part of our business, we are involved in various legal proceedings, regulatory reviews, tax audits, or other legal matters. these may include lawsuits, inquiries, demands, or other claims or proceedings by governmental entities and private plaintiffs, including those relating to employment and employee benefits (including classification, employment rights, discrimination, wage and hour, and retaliation), securities, real estate, tort, commercial, consumer protection, privacy, product compliance and safety, advertising, comparative pricing, intellectual property, tax, escheat, and whistle-blower claims. we continue to be involved in a number of employment-related lawsuits, including class actions which are primarily in california.
we are subject to federal, state, and local rules and regulations in the united states, and to various international laws, which change from time to time. these legal requirements collectively affect multiple aspects of our business, including the cost of health care, workforce management and employee benefits, minimum wages, advertising, comparative pricing, import/export, sourcing and manufacturing, data protection, intellectual property, and others. if we fail to comply (or are alleged not to comply) with any of these requirements, we may be subject to fines, settlements, penalties, or other costs. in addition, an adverse outcome (or the adverse publicity from the claims) in any of these matters may damage our reputation or brand. we are also subject to the continuous examination of our tax returns and reports by federal, state, and local tax authorities, and these examining authorities may challenge positions we take.
significant judgment is required in evaluating and estimating our tax provisions and accruals for legal claims. actual results may differ and our costs may exceed the reserves we establish in estimating the probable outcomes. in addition, applicable accounting principles and interpretations may change from time to time, and those changes could have material effects on our reported operating results and financial condition.
our reputation is partially based on perceptions of various subjective qualities and overall integrity. any incident that erodes the trust or confidence of our customers or the general public could adversely affect our reputation and business, particularly if the incident results in significant adverse publicity or governmental inquiry. such an incident could also include alleged acts or omissions by or situations involving our suppliers (or their contractors or subcontractors), the landlord for our stores, or our associates outside of work, and may pertain to social or political issues or protests largely unrelated to our business. the use of social media platforms, including blogs, social media websites, and other forms of internet-based communications which allow individuals access to a broad audience of consumers and other interested persons, continues to increase. the availability of information (whether correct or erroneous) on social media platforms is virtually immediate, as is its impact. many social media platforms immediately publish the content their subscribers and participants post, often without filters or checks on accuracy of the content. the opportunity for dissemination of information, including inaccurate information, is seemingly limitless and readily available. information concerning our company may be posted on such platforms at any time. information posted may be adverse to our interests or may be inaccurate, which could negatively affect our sales, diminish customer trust, reduce employee morale and productivity, and lead to difficulties in recruiting and retaining qualified associates. the harm may be immediate, without affording us an opportunity for redress or correction.
we must continually attract, train, and retain associates with the retail talent necessary to execute our off-price retail strategies.
like other retailers, we face challenges in recruiting and retaining sufficient talent in our buying organization, management, stores, and other key areas. many of our retail store associates are in entry level or part-time positions with historically high rates of turnover. our ability to control labor costs is subject to numerous external factors, including prevailing wage rates and health and other insurance costs, as well as the impact of legislation or regulations governing minimum wage or healthcare benefits.
any increase in labor costs may adversely impact our profitability or, if we fail to pay such higher wages, may result in increased turnover. excessive turnover may result in higher costs associated with finding, hiring, and training new associates. if we cannot hire enough qualified associates, or if there is a disruption in the supply of personnel we hire from third-party providers, especially during our peak seasons, our operations could be negatively impacted.
because of the distinctive nature of our off-price model, we must also attract, train, and retain our key associates across the company, especially within our buying organization. the loss of one or more of our key personnel, or the inability to effectively identify a suitable successor for a key role could have a material adverse effect on our business. there is no assurance that we will be able to attract or retain highly qualified associates in the future, and any failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our growth, operations, or financial position.
customer traffic and demand for our merchandise is influenced by our advertising and marketing activities, the name recognition and reputation of our brands, and the location of our stores. although we use marketing and advertising programs to attract customers to our stores, particularly through television, our competitors may spend more or use different approaches, which could provide them with a competitive advantage. our advertising and other promotional programs may not be effective or may be perceived negatively, or could require increased expenditures, any of which could adversely affect sales or increase costs.
we are subject to risks associated with selling and importing merchandise produced in other countries.
risks in importing and selling such merchandise include import duties and quotas, compliance with anti-dumping regulations, economic uncertainties and adverse economic conditions (including inflation, recession, and exchange rate fluctuations), foreign government regulations, employment and labor matters, concerns relating to human rights, working conditions, and other issues in factories or countries where merchandise is produced, transparency of sourcing and supply chains, exposure on product warranty and intellectual property issues, consumer perceptions of the safety of imported merchandise, wars and fears of war, political unrest, natural disasters, regulations to address climate change, and trade restrictions.
a predominant portion of the apparel and other goods we sell (even when we purchase it domestically, often as excess inventory sold to us by a domestic vendor) is originally manufactured in other countries. in addition, we directly source a portion of the products sold in our stores from foreign vendors predominantly in asia (including china). we also buy products that originate from foreign sources indirectly through domestic vendors and manufacturers' representatives. although our foreign purchases of merchandise are negotiated and paid for in u.s. dollars, decreases in the value of the u.s. dollar relative to foreign currencies could increase the cost of products we purchase from overseas vendors. when we are the importer of record, we may be subject to regulatory or other requirements similar to those applicable to a manufacturer.
to the extent that our vendors are located overseas or rely on overseas sources for a large portion of their products, any event causing a disruption of imports, including the imposition of import restrictions, war, and acts of terrorism could adversely affect our business. the flow of merchandise from our vendors could also be adversely affected by financial or political instability in any of the countries in which the goods we purchase are manufactured. trade restrictions in the form of tariffs or quotas, or both, applicable to the products we sell could also affect the importation of those products and could increase the cost and reduce the supply of products available to us. we cannot predict whether any of the countries from which our products are sourced, or in which our products are currently manufactured or may be manufactured in the future, will be subject to trade restrictions imposed by the u.s. or foreign governments or the likelihood, type or effect of any such restrictions.
we require our vendors (for both import and domestic purchasing) to contractually confirm that they adhere to various conduct, compliance, and other requirements, including those relating to environmental, employment and labor (including wages and working conditions), health, safety, and anti-bribery standards. from time to time, our vendors, their contractors, or their subcontractors may be alleged to not be in compliance with these standards or with applicable local laws. although we have implemented policies and procedures to facilitate our compliance with laws and regulations relating to doing business in foreign markets and importing merchandise, and to monitor our suppliers, this does not guarantee that suppliers and other third parties with whom we do business will not violate such laws and regulations or our policies. significant or continuing noncompliance with such standards and laws by one or more vendors could have a negative impact on our reputation, could subject us to claims and liability, and could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
a predominant portion of the apparel and other goods we sell is originally manufactured in other countries. the u.s. government has at times indicated a willingness to significantly change existing trade policies, including those with china. this exposes us to risks of disruption and cost increases in our established patterns for sourcing our merchandise, and creates increased uncertainties in planning our sourcing strategies and forecasting our margins. changes in u.s. tariffs, quotas, trade relationships, or tax provisions that reduce the supply or increase the relative cost of goods produced in other countries could increase our cost of goods and/or increase our effective tax rate. although such changes would have implications across the entire industry, we may fail to effectively adapt and to manage the adjustments in strategy that would be necessary in response to those changes. in addition to the general uncertainty and overall risk from potential changes in u.s. laws and policies, as we make business decisions in the face of uncertainty as to potential changes, we may incorrectly anticipate the outcomes, miss out on business opportunities, or fail to effectively adapt our business strategies and manage the adjustments that are necessary in response to those changes. these risks could adversely affect our revenues, increase our effective tax rates, and reduce our profitability.
we may experience volatility in revenues and earnings.
our business has slower and busier periods based on holiday and back-to-school seasons, weather, and other factors. although our off-price business is historically subject to less seasonality than traditional retailers, we may still experience unexpected decreases in sales from time to time, which could result in increased markdowns and reduced margins. significant operating expenses, such as rent expense and associate salaries, do not adjust proportionately with our sales. if sales in a certain period are lower than our plans, we may not be able to adjust these operating expenses concurrently, which could adversely affect our operating results.
our corporate headquarters, los angeles buying office, three distribution centers, three warehouses, and approximately 23% of our stores are located in california. natural or other disasters, such as earthquakes and hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, or other extreme weather and climate conditions, or fires, explosions, and acts of war or terrorism, or public health issues (such as epidemics), in any of our markets could disrupt our operations or our supply chain, or could shut down, damage, or destroy our stores or distribution facilities.
to support our continuing operations, our new store and distribution center growth plans, and our stock repurchase program and quarterly dividends, we must maintain sufficient liquidity.
we depend upon our operations to generate strong cash flows to support our general operating activities, and to supply capital to finance our operations, make capital expenditures and acquisitions, manage our debt levels, and return value to our stockholders through dividends and stock repurchases. if we are unable to generate sufficient cash flows from operations to support these activities, our growth plans and our financial performance would be adversely affected. if necessary to support our operations, we could be forced to suspend our stock repurchase program and/or discontinue payment of our quarterly cash dividends. any failure to pay dividends or repurchase stock, after we have announced our intention to do so, may negatively impact our reputation and investor confidence in us, and may negatively affect our stock price.
we have borrowed on occasion to finance some of our activities. if our access to capital is restricted or our borrowing costs increase, our operations and financial condition could be adversely impacted. in addition, if we do not properly allocate our capital to maximize returns, our operations, cash flows, and returns to stockholders could be adversely affected.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview ross stores, inc. operates two brands of off-price retail apparel and home fashion stores-ross dress for less® ("ross") and dd's discounts®. ross is the largest off-price apparel and home fashion chain in the united states with 1,480 locations in 38 states, the district of columbia, and guam, as of february 2, 2019. ross offers first-quality, in-season, name brand and designer apparel, accessories, footwear, and home fashions for the entire family at savings of 20% to 60% off department and specialty store regular prices every day. we also operate 237 dd's discounts stores in 18 states as of february 2, 2019 that feature a more moderately-priced assortment of first-quality, in-season, name brand apparel, accessories, footwear, and home fashions for the entire family at savings of 20% to 70% off moderate department and discount store regular prices every day.
our primary objective is to pursue and refine our existing off-price strategies to maintain and improve both profitability and financial returns over the long term. in establishing appropriate growth targets for our business, we closely monitor market share trends for the off-price industry and believe our share gains over the past few years were driven mainly by continued focus on value by consumers. our sales and earnings gains in 2018 continued to benefit from efficient execution of our off-price model throughout all areas of our business. our merchandise and operational strategies are designed to take advantage of the expanding market share of the off-price industry as well as the ongoing customer demand for name brand fashions for the family and home at compelling discounts every day.
stores. total stores open at the end of fiscal 2018, 2017, and 2016 were 1,717, 1,622, and 1,533, respectively. the number of stores at the end of fiscal 2018, 2017, and 2016 increased by 6%, 6%, and 6% from the respective prior years. our expansion strategy is to open additional stores based on market penetration, local demographic characteristics, competition, expected store profitability, and the ability to leverage overhead expenses. we continually evaluate opportunistic real estate acquisitions and opportunities for potential new store locations. we also evaluate our current store locations and determine store closures based on similar criteria.
we intend to address the competitive climate for off-price apparel and home goods by pursuing and refining our existing strategies and by continuing to strengthen our organization, diversify our merchandise mix, and more fully develop our systems to improve regional and local merchandise offerings. although our strategies and store expansion program contributed to sales gains in fiscal 2018, 2017, and 2016, we cannot be sure that they will result in a continuation of sales growth or in an increase in net earnings.
we cannot be sure that the gross profit margins realized in fiscal 2018, 2017, and 2016 will continue in future years.
interest expense (income), net. in fiscal 2018, net interest income improved by $17.8 million compared to 2017 primarily due to an increase in interest income, and higher capitalized interest on information systems projects. in fiscal 2017, net interest expense decreased by $8.8 million compared to 2016 primarily due to an increase in interest income. the table below shows the components of interest expense and income for fiscal 2018, 2017, and 2016:
capitalized interest                          (2,497   )            (710   )             (26   )
taxes on earnings. our effective tax rates for fiscal 2018, 2017, and 2016 were approximately 23%, 33% and 37%, respectively. the effective tax rate represents the applicable combined federal and state statutory rates reduced by the federal benefit of state taxes deductible on federal returns. the effective rate is impacted by changes in laws, location of new stores, level of earnings, and the resolution of tax positions with various taxing authorities. we anticipate that our effective tax rate for fiscal 2019 will be between 23% and 24%.
in november 2018, we resolved uncertain federal tax positions related to fiscal 2015 with the internal revenue service. as a result, we recognized a tax benefit of approximately $26.0 million or approximately $0.07 of earnings per share in the consolidated statement of earnings.
in fiscal 2017, the tax cuts and jobs act (the "tax act" or "tax reform") was signed into law. the tax act made significant changes to u.s. corporate taxation including reducing the u.s. federal corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21% effective january 1, 2018, the last month of fiscal 2017. u.s. gaap requires that the impact of tax legislation be recognized in the period in which the law was enacted. we applied a u.s. federal income tax rate of 21% for fiscal 2018 and a blended u.s. federal income tax rate of approximately 34% for fiscal 2017. this rate reduction resulted in an increase to our earnings per share of approximately $0.70 for fiscal 2018. for fiscal 2017, the rate reduction, along with the remeasurement of deferred taxes, resulted in an increase to our earnings per share of approximately $0.21.
earnings per share. diluted earnings per share in fiscal 2018 was $4.26, which includes a per share benefit of approximately $0.70 from tax reform and $0.07 from the favorable resolution of a tax matter, compared to $3.55 in the prior year, which included a per share benefit of approximately $0.21 from tax reform and a $0.10 benefit from the 53rd week. the 20% increase in diluted earnings per share is attributable to an increase of approximately 16% in net earnings (which included a 14% impact from tax reform and a 2% impact from the favorable resolution of a tax matter) and 4% from the reduction in weighted average diluted shares outstanding, largely due to the repurchase of common stock under our stock repurchase program. diluted earnings per share in fiscal 2017 was $3.55, which included a per share benefit of approximately $0.21 from tax reform and $0.10 from the 53rd week, compared to $2.83 in fiscal 2016. the 25% increase in diluted earnings per share was attributable to an increase of approximately 22% in net earnings (which included a 7% impact from tax reform and a 4% impact from the 53rd week) and 3% from the reduction in weighted average diluted shares outstanding, largely due to the repurchase of common stock under our stock repurchase program.
financial condition liquidity and capital resources our primary sources of funds for our business activities are cash flows from operations and short-term trade credit. our primary ongoing cash requirements are for merchandise inventory purchases, payroll, rent, taxes, and capital expenditures in connection with new and existing stores, and investments in distribution centers, information systems, and buying and corporate offices. we also use cash to repurchase stock under our stock repurchase program and to pay dividends, and for the repayment of debt as it becomes due.
cash provided by operating activities                                                 $2,066.7          $1,681.3          $1,558.9
cash used in investing activities                                                       (410.4   )        (354.8   )        (296.2   )
cash used in financing activities                                                     (1,531.5   )      (1,149.4   )        (916.1   )
operating activities net cash provided by operating activities was $2,066.7 million, $1,681.3 million, and $1,558.9 million in fiscal 2018, 2017, and 2016, respectively, and was primarily driven by net earnings excluding non-cash expenses for depreciation and amortization and for deferred taxes. our primary source of operating cash flow is the sale of our merchandise inventory. we regularly review the age and condition of our merchandise and are able to maintain current merchandise inventory in our stores through replenishment processes and liquidation of slower-moving merchandise through clearance markdowns.
the increase in cash flow from operating activities in 2018 compared to fiscal 2017 was primarily driven by higher earnings, the timing of merchandise receipts and related payments versus last year, and lower income tax payments. the timing of merchandise receipts and related payments versus last year resulted in higher accounts payable leverage (defined as accounts payable divided by merchandise inventory) which was 67%, 65%, and 68% as of february 2, 2019, february 3, 2018, and january 28, 2017, respectively.
the increase in cash flow from operating activities in fiscal 2017 compared to fiscal 2016 was primarily driven by higher earnings, partially offset by the timing of merchandise receipts and related payments versus the prior year, and by the timing of income taxes payments.
as a regular part of our business, packaway inventory levels will vary over time based on availability of compelling merchandise purchase opportunities in the marketplace. packaway merchandise is purchased with the intent that it will be stored in our warehouses until a later date. the timing of the release of packaway inventory to our stores is principally driven by the product mix and seasonality of the merchandise, and its relation to our store merchandise assortment plans. as such, the aging of packaway varies by merchandise category and seasonality of purchase, but
typically packaway remains in storage less than six months. we expect to continue to take advantage of packaway inventory opportunities to maximize our ability to deliver bargains to our customers.
investing activities net cash used in investing activities was $410.4 million, $354.8 million, and $296.2 million in fiscal 2018, 2017, and 2016, respectively. the increase in cash used for investing activities in fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016 was primarily due to an increase in our capital expenditures.
in fiscal 2018, 2017, and 2016, our capital expenditures were $413.9 million, $371.4 million, and $297.9 million, respectively. our capital expenditures include costs to build, expand, and improve distribution centers, open new stores and improve existing stores, and for various other expenditures related to our information technology systems, buying, and corporate offices. the increase in capital expenditures in fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017 was primarily due to investments in our distribution centers, and information technology infrastructure investments for our stores, buying, corporate offices, and transportation. the increase in capital expenditures in fiscal 2017 compared to fiscal 2016 was primarily due to information technology infrastructure investments for our stores, buying, and corporate offices. we opened 99, 96, and 93 new stores in fiscal 2018, 2017, and 2016, respectively.
our capital expenditures over the last three years are set forth in the table below:
total capital expenditures                         $413.9          $371.4          $297.9
we are forecasting approximately $600 million in capital expenditures for fiscal year 2019 to fund costs for fixtures and leasehold improvements to open new ross and dd's discounts stores, the upgrade or relocation of existing stores, investments in information technology systems, initial investment in our next distribution center, and for various other expenditures related to our stores, distribution centers, buying and corporate offices. we expect to fund capital expenditures with available cash and cash flows from operations.
financing activities net cash used in financing activities was $1,531.5 million, $1,149.4 million, and $916.1 million in fiscal 2018, 2017, and 2016, respectively. during fiscal 2018, 2017, and 2016, our liquidity and capital requirements were provided by available cash and cash flows from operations.
we repurchased 12.5 million, 13.5 million, and 11.6 million shares of common stock for aggregate purchase prices of approximately $1,075 million, $875 million, and $700 million in fiscal 2018, 2017, and 2016, respectively. we also acquired 0.7 million, 0.7 million, and 0.7 million shares in fiscal 2018, 2017, and 2016, respectively, of treasury stock from our employee stock equity compensation programs, for aggregate purchase prices of approximately $54.4 million, $45.4 million, and $43.3 million during fiscal 2018, 2017, and 2016, respectively.
on december 13, 2018, we repaid at maturity the $85 million principal amount of the series a 6.38% unsecured senior notes.
short-term trade credit represents a significant source of financing for merchandise inventory. trade credit arises from customary payment terms and trade practices with our vendors. we regularly review the adequacy of credit available to us from all sources and expect to be able to maintain adequate trade credit, bank lines, and other credit sources to meet our capital and liquidity requirements, including lease payment obligations, in 2019.
our existing $600 million unsecured revolving credit facility expires in april 2021 and contains a $300 million sublimit for issuance of standby letters of credit (subject to increase in proportion to any increase in the size of the credit facility). the facility also contains an option allowing us to increase the size of our revolving credit facility by up to an additional $200 million, with the agreement of the lenders. interest on any borrowings under this facility is based on libor plus an applicable margin (currently 100 basis points) and is payable quarterly and upon maturity. as of february 2, 2019, we had no borrowings or standby letters of credit outstanding on this facility and our $600 million credit facility remains in place and available.
the revolving credit facility is subject to a financial leverage ratio covenant. as of february 2, 2019, we were in compliance with this covenant.
we estimate that existing cash balances, cash flows from operations, bank credit lines, and trade credit are adequate to meet our operating cash needs and to fund our planned capital investments, repayment of debt, common stock repurchases, and quarterly dividend payments for at least the next twelve months.
1we have a $77.9 million liability for unrecognized tax benefits that is included in other long-term liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. this liability is excluded from the schedule above as the timing of payments cannot be reasonably estimated.
senior notes. as of february 2, 2019, we had outstanding unsecured 3.375% senior notes due september 2024 with an aggregate principal amount of $250 million. interest on the 2024 notes is payable semi-annually.
as of february 2, 2019, we also had outstanding series b unsecured senior notes in the aggregate principal amount of $65 million, held by various institutional investors. the series b notes are due in december 2021 and bear interest at a rate of 6.53%. borrowings under these senior notes are subject to certain financial covenants, including interest coverage and other financial ratios. as of february 2, 2019, we were in compliance with those covenants.
off-balance sheet arrangements operating leases. we currently lease all but two of our store locations. we also lease five warehouse facilities and two buying offices. in addition, we have a ground lease related to our new york buying office. except for certain leasehold improvements and equipment, these leased locations do not represent long-term capital investments.
two of our leased warehouses are in carlisle, pennsylvania with leases expiring in 2019 and 2020, one is in fort mill, south carolina, with the lease expiring in 2024, one is in rock hill, south carolina, with the lease expiring in 2028, and one is in shafter, california, with the lease expiring in 2029. all of the warehouse leases contain renewal provisions.
we currently lease approximately 103,000 and 5,000 square feet of office space for our los angeles and boston buying offices, respectively. the lease terms for these facilities expire in 2022 and 2020, respectively, and contain renewal provisions.
purchase obligations. as of february 2, 2019 we had purchase obligations of approximately $2.6 billion. these purchase obligations primarily consist of merchandise inventory purchase orders, commitments related to construction projects, store fixtures and supplies, and information technology services, transportation, and maintenance contracts.
standby letters of credit and collateral trust. we use standby letters of credit outside of our revolving credit facility in addition to a funded trust to collateralize our insurance obligations. as of february 2, 2019 and february 3, 2018, we had $7.3 million and $8.7 million, respectively, in standby letters of credit outstanding and $58.3 million and $57.1 million, respectively, in a collateral trust. the standby letters of credit are collateralized by restricted cash and the collateral trust consists of restricted cash, cash equivalents, and investments.
trade letters of credit. we had $13.3 million and $20.7 million in trade letters of credit outstanding at february 2, 2019 and february 3, 2018, respectively.
effects of inflation or deflation. we do not consider the effects of inflation or deflation to be material to our financial position and results of operations.
other critical accounting policies the preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires our management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts. these estimates and assumptions are evaluated on an ongoing basis and are based on historical experience and on various other factors that management believes to be reasonable. we believe the following critical accounting policies describe the more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements and are not intended to be a comprehensive list of all of our accounting policies.
in many cases, the accounting treatment of a particular transaction is specifically dictated by generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap"), with no need for management's judgment in their application. there are also areas in which management's judgment in selecting one alternative accounting principle over another would not produce a materially different result. see our audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto under item 8 in this annual report on form 10-k, which contain descriptions of our accounting policies and other disclosures required by gaap.
merchandise inventory. our merchandise inventory is stated at the lower of cost (determined using a weighted average basis) or net realizable value. we purchase inventory that can either be shipped to stores or processed as packaway merchandise with the intent that it will be warehoused and released to stores at a later date. the timing of the release of packaway inventory to our stores is principally driven by the product mix and seasonality of the merchandise, and its relation to the company's store merchandise assortment plans. as such, the aging of packaway varies by merchandise category and seasonality of purchase, but typically packaway remains in storage less than six months. packaway inventory accounted for approximately 46%, 49%, and 49% of total inventories as of february 2, 2019, february 3, 2018, and january 28, 2017, respectively. merchandise inventory includes acquisition, processing, and storage costs related to packaway inventory.
included in the carrying value of our merchandise inventory is a provision for shortage. the shortage reserve is based on historical shortage rates as evaluated through our annual physical merchandise inventory counts and cycle counts. if actual market conditions, markdowns, or shortage are less favorable than those projected by us, or if sales of the merchandise inventory are more difficult than anticipated, additional merchandise inventory write-downs may be required.
long-lived assets. we review our long-lived assets for a potential impairment charge when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of a long-lived asset may not be recoverable based on estimated future cash flows. if analysis of the undiscounted cash flow of an asset group was less than the carrying value of the asset group, an impairment loss would be recognized to write the asset group down to its fair value. if our actual results differ materially from projected results, an impairment charge may be required in the future. in the course of performing our annual analysis, we determined that no long-lived asset impairment charge was required for fiscal 2018, 2017, or 2016.
lease accounting. when a lease contains "rent holidays" or requires fixed escalations of the minimum lease payments, we record rental expense on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease and the difference between the average rental amount charged to expense and the amount payable under the lease is recorded as deferred rent. we begin recording rent expense on the lease possession date. tenant improvement allowances are amortized over the lease term. changes in deferred rent and tenant improvement allowances are included as a component of operating activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows. see "recently issued accounting standards" below.
insurance obligations. we use a combination of insurance and self-insurance for a number of risk management activities, including workers' compensation, general liability, and employee-related health care benefits. our self-insurance and deductible liability is determined actuarially, based on claims filed and an estimate of claims incurred but not reported. should a greater amount of claims occur compared to what is estimated or the costs of medical care increase beyond what was anticipated, our recorded reserves may not be sufficient and additional charges could be required.
income taxes. we account for our uncertain tax positions in accordance with accounting standards codification ("asc") 740. we are required to make assumptions and judgments regarding our income tax exposures. our policy is to recognize interest and/or penalties related to all tax positions in income tax expense. to the extent that accrued interest and penalties do not ultimately become payable, amounts accrued will be reduced and reflected as a reduction of the overall income tax provision in the period that such determination is made.
recently issued accounting standards. we consider the applicability and impact of all asus issued by the fasb. asus not listed below were assessed and determined to be either not applicable or are expected to have minimal impact on our consolidated financial results.
in february 2016, the financial accounting standards board ("fasb") issued accounting standards update ("asu") 2016-02, leases (topic 842), as amended. the asu requires balance sheet recognition for all leases with lease terms greater than one year including a lease liability, which is a lessee's obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease, measured on a discounted basis; and a right-of-use asset, which is an asset that represents the lessee's right to use, or control the use of, a specified asset for the lease term. we plan to adopt the new leases standard effective february 3, 2019 using the optional transition method on a modified retrospective basis by recognizing a cumulative-effect adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings and do not plan to restate comparative periods. in addition, we do not plan to elect the transitional package of practical expedients or the use of hindsight upon adoption. upon the adoption of the asu, we do not expect to record a right-of-use asset and related lease liability for leases with an initial term of 12 months or less, and plan to account for lease and non-lease components as a single lease component.
we are finalizing the expected effect adoption of this new guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements. our current estimate of lease liabilities based on the present value of the remaining minimum rental payments, using discount rates as of the effective date, and the corresponding right-of-use assets, is approximately $2.9 billion. the expected cumulative-effect adjustment to beginning retained earnings is a decrease of approximately $20 million primarily related to the write-off of previously capitalized initial direct costs that are no longer capitalized under the asu, partially offset by the write-off of the deferred gain on a previous sale-leaseback transaction that meets the sale definition under the asu. we do not believe adoption of this asu will have a significant impact to our consolidated statements of earnings, stockholders' equity, and cash flows.
recently adopted accounting standards. in may 2014, the fasb issued asu no. 2014-09, revenue from contracts with customers (accounting standards codification "asc" 606) which, along with subsequent amendments, supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in "revenue recognition (asc 605)." this guidance provides a five-step analysis of transactions to determine when and how revenue is recognized and requires entities to recognize revenue when the customer obtains control of promised goods or services in an amount that reflects the consideration the entity expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. we adopted asc 606 as of february 4, 2018, using the modified retrospective method. results for reporting periods beginning on or after february 4, 2018 are presented under asc 606, while prior period amounts were not adjusted and continue to be reported in accordance with asc 605. upon adoption of asc 606, we recorded a cumulative-effect adjustment to increase beginning retained earnings by $20 million as of february 4, 2018, primarily due to the change in the timing of the recognition of stored value card breakage. the impact of applying asc 606 was not material to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended february 2, 2019.
in november 2016, the fasb issued asu 2016-18, statement of cash flows (topic 230): restricted cash. asu 2016-18 requires restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents be included with cash and cash equivalents when reconciling the total beginning and ending amounts on the statement of cash flows. the standard also requires companies who report cash and restricted cash separately on the balance sheet to reconcile those amounts to the statement of cash flows. we adopted asu 2016-18 as of february 4, 2018, using the retrospective method.
in march 2016, the fasb issued asu 2016-09, compensation - stock compensation (topic 718) - improvements to employee share-based payment accounting. asu 2016-09 provides for changes to accounting for stock compensation including 1) excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies related to share based payment awards will be recognized as income tax benefit or expense in the reporting period in which they occur (previously such amounts were recognized in additional paid-in capital); 2) excess tax benefits will be classified as an operating activity in the statement of cash flows; and 3) the option to elect to estimate forfeitures or account for them when they occur. the impact of recording excess tax benefits in income taxes in our consolidated statement of earnings may be material, depending upon our future stock price on vest date in relation to the fair value of awards on grant date and our future grants of stock-based compensation.
we adopted asu 2016-09 in the first quarter of fiscal 2017, and elected to apply this adoption prospectively, except for forfeitures which we adopted on a modified retrospective basis. accordingly, prior periods have not been adjusted. as a result of adoption, for the fiscal year ended february 3, 2018, we recognized $16.3 million of excess tax benefits related to stock-based payments as a reduction to our provision for income taxes. these items were historically recorded in additional paid-in capital. we also presented cash flows related to excess tax benefits as an operating activity in the consolidated statement of cash flows and elected to account for forfeitures as incurred beginning on january 29, 2017. the impact of this accounting policy election for forfeitures was a cumulative-effect adjustment to decrease retained earnings by $1.1 million as of january 29, 2017.
forward-looking statements our annual report on form 10-k for fiscal 2018, and information we provide in our annual report to stockholders, press releases, and other investor communications including those on our corporate website, may contain a number of forward-looking statements regarding, without limitation, planned store growth, new markets, expected sales, projected earnings levels, capital expenditures, and other matters. these forward-looking statements reflect our then current beliefs, projections, and estimates with respect to future events and our projected financial performance, operations, and competitive position. the words "plan," "expect," "target," "anticipate," "estimate," "believe," "forecast," "projected," "guidance," "looking ahead," and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements.
future economic and industry trends that could potentially impact revenue, profitability, and growth remain difficult to predict. our forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause our actual results to differ materially from those forward-looking statements and our previous expectations and projections. refer to item 1a in this annual report on form 10-k for a more complete discussion of risk factors for ross and dd's discounts. the factors underlying our forecasts are dynamic and subject to change. as a result, any forecasts or forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are given and do not necessarily reflect our outlook at any other point in time. we disclaim any obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements.