item 1a. risk factors.
the following discussion of risk factors known to us contains important information for the understanding of our "forward-looking statements," which are discussed immediately following item 7a. of this form 10-k and elsewhere. these risk factors should also be read in conjunction with item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, and the consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this form 10-k.
we urge you to consider carefully the risks described below, as well as in other reports and materials that we file with the sec and the other information included or incorporated by reference in this form 10-k. if any of the risks described below or elsewhere in this form 10-k were to materialize, our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or prospects could be materially adversely affected. in such case, the trading price of our common stock could decline and you could lose part or all of your investment. additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also materially adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
demand for our products and services is substantially dependent on the levels of expenditures by our customers.  a substantial or an extended decline in oil and gas prices could result in lower expenditures by our customers, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
demand for our products and services depends substantially on expenditures by our customers for the exploration, development and production of oil and natural gas reserves. these expenditures are generally dependent on our customers' views of future oil and natural gas prices and are sensitive to our customers' views of future economic growth and the resulting impact on demand for oil and natural gas.  declines, as well as anticipated declines, in oil and gas prices could result in project modifications, delays or cancellations, general business disruptions, and delays in payment of, or nonpayment of, amounts that are owed to us.  these effects could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
historically, oil and natural gas prices have experienced significant volatility and can be affected by a variety of factors, including:
●   demand for hydrocarbons, which is affected by general economic and business conditions;
●   the ability or willingness of the organization of petroleum exporting countries ("opec") to set and maintain production levels for oil;
●   the level of excess production capacity;
●   political and economic uncertainty and geopolitical unrest;
●   the level of worldwide oil and gas exploration and production activity;
●   weather conditions.
the oil and gas industry has historically experienced periodic downturns, which have been characterized by diminished demand for our products and services as well as and downward pressure on the prices we charge.  sustained market uncertainty can also result in lower demand and pricing for our products and services.  a significant downturn or sustained market uncertainty could result in a reduction in demand for oilfield services and could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
a significant portion of our revenue is derived from our non-united states operations, which exposes us to risks inherent in doing business in each of the over 85 countries in which we operate.
our non-united states operations accounted for approximately 69% of our consolidated revenue in 2018, 74% in 2017 and 80% in 2016.  operations in countries other than the united states are subject to various risks, including:
●   volatility in political, social and economic conditions;
●   trade and economic sanctions or other restrictions imposed by the european union, the united states or other countries;
●   exposure under the united states foreign corrupt practices act ("fcpa") or similar legislation;
●   restrictions on the repatriation of income or capital;
our failure to comply with complex us and foreign laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our operations.
we are subject to complex us and foreign laws and regulations, such as the fcpa, the u.k. bribery act and various other anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws.  we are also subject to trade control regulations and trade sanctions laws that restrict the movement of certain goods to, and certain operations in, various countries or with certain persons.  our ability to transfer people, products and data among certain countries is subject to maintaining required licenses and complying with these laws and regulations.  the internal controls, policies and procedures, and employee training and compliance programs we have implemented to deter prohibited practices may not be effective in preventing employees, contractors or agents from violating or circumventing such internal policies or violating applicable laws and regulations.  any determination that we have violated or are responsible for violations of anti-bribery, trade control, trade sanctions or anti-corruption laws could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition.  violations of international and us laws and regulations or the loss of any required licenses may result in fines and penalties, criminal sanctions, administrative remedies or restrictions on business conduct, and could have a material adverse effect on our reputation and our business, operating results and financial condition.
environmental advocacy groups and regulatory agencies in the united states and other countries have been focusing considerable attention on the emissions of carbon dioxide, methane and other greenhouse gasses and their potential role in climate change.  existing or future legislation and regulations related to greenhouse gas emissions and climate change, as well as government initiatives to conserve energy or promote the use of alternative energy sources, may significantly curtail demand for and production of fossil fuels such as oil and gas in areas of the world where our customers operate, and thus adversely affect future demand for our products and services.  this may, in turn, adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
some international, national, state and local governments and agencies have also adopted laws and regulations or are evaluating proposed legislation and regulations that are focused on the extraction of shale gas or oil using hydraulic fracturing. hydraulic fracturing is a stimulation treatment routinely performed on oil and gas wells in low-permeability reservoirs.  specially engineered
fluids are pumped at high pressure and rate into the reservoir interval to be treated, causing cracks in the target formation.  proppant, such as sand of a particular size, is mixed with the treatment fluid to keep the cracks open when the treatment is complete.  future hydraulic fracturing-related legislation or regulations could limit or ban hydraulic fracturing, or lead to operational delays and increased costs, and therefore reduce demand for our pressure pumping services.  if such additional international, national, state or local legislation or regulations are enacted, it could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
environmental compliance costs and liabilities could reduce our earnings and cash available for operations.
we are subject to increasingly stringent laws and regulations relating to importation and use of hazardous materials, radioactive materials, chemicals and explosives and to environmental protection, including laws and regulations governing air emissions, hydraulic fracturing, water discharges and waste management. we incur, and expect to continue to incur, capital and operating costs to comply with environmental laws and regulations. the technical requirements of these laws and regulations are becoming increasingly complex, stringent and expensive to implement. these laws may provide for "strict liability" for remediation costs, damages to natural resources or threats to public health and safety. strict liability can render a party liable for damages without regard to negligence or fault on the part of the party. some environmental laws provide for joint and several strict liability for remediation of spills and releases of hazardous substances.
we use and generate hazardous substances and wastes in our operations. in addition, many of our current and former properties are, or have been, used for industrial purposes. accordingly, we could become subject to material liabilities relating to the investigation and cleanup of potentially contaminated properties, and to claims alleging personal injury or property damage as the result of exposures to, or releases of, hazardous substances. in addition, stricter enforcement of existing laws and regulations, new laws and regulations, the discovery of previously unknown contamination or the imposition of new or increased requirements could require us to incur costs or become the basis for new or increased liabilities that could reduce our earnings and our cash available for operations.
we could be subject to substantial liability claims, including catastrophic well incidents, which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the technical complexities of our operations expose us to a wide range of significant health, safety and environmental risks. our offerings involve production-related activities, radioactive materials, chemicals, explosives and other equipment and services that are deployed in challenging exploration, development and production environments. an accident involving these services or equipment, or a failure of a product, could cause personal injury, loss of life, damage to or destruction of property, equipment or the environment, or suspension of operations. catastrophic well incidents, including blow outs at a well site, may expose us to additional liabilities.  generally, we rely on contractual indemnities, releases, limitations on liability with our customers and insurance to protect us from potential liability related to such events.  however, our insurance may not protect us against liability for certain kinds of events, including events involving pollution, or against losses resulting from business interruption. moreover, we may not be able to maintain insurance at levels of risk coverage or policy limits that we deem adequate. any damages caused by our services or products that are not covered by insurance, or are in excess of policy limits or subject to substantial deductibles, could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
if we are unable to maintain technology leadership, this could adversely affect any competitive advantage we hold.
the oilfield service industry is highly competitive.  our ability to continually provide competitive technology and services can impact our ability to defend, maintain or increase prices for our products and services, maintain market share, and negotiate acceptable contract terms with our customers.  if we are unable to continue to develop and produce competitive technology or deliver it to our clients in a timely and cost-competitive manner in the various markets we serve, it could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
limitations on our ability to protect our intellectual property rights, including our trade secrets, could cause a loss in revenue and any competitive advantage we hold.
some of our products or services, and the processes we use to produce or provide them, have been granted patent protection, have patent applications pending, or are trade secrets. our business may be adversely affected if our patents are unenforceable, the claims allowed under our patents are not sufficient to protect our technology, our patent applications are denied or our trade secrets are not adequately protected. our competitors may be able to develop technology independently that is similar to ours without infringing on our patents or gaining access to our trade secrets, which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we may be subject to litigation if another party claims that we have infringed upon its intellectual property rights.
the tools, techniques, methodologies, programs and components we use to provide our services may infringe upon the intellectual property rights of others. infringement claims generally result in significant legal and other costs, and may distract management from running our business. royalty payments under licenses from third parties, if available, would increase our costs. additionally, developing non-infringing technologies would increase our costs. if a license were not available, we might not be able to continue providing a particular service or product, which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we require highly skilled personnel to operate and provide technical services and support for our business. competition for the personnel required for our businesses intensifies as activity increases. in periods of high utilization it may become more difficult to find and retain qualified individuals. this could increase our costs or have other adverse effects on our operations.
our business may be materially affected by severe weather in areas where we operate. this may entail the evacuation of personnel and stoppage of services. in addition, if particularly severe weather affects platforms or structures, this may result in a suspension of activities. any of these events could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we rely heavily on information systems to conduct our business, including systems operated by or under the control of third parties.  although we devote significant resources to protect our systems and proprietary data, we have experienced and will continue to experience varying degrees of cyber incidents in the normal conduct of our business. there can be no assurance that the systems we have designed to prevent or limit the effects of cyber incidents or attacks will be sufficient to prevent or detect such incidents or attacks, or to avoid a material adverse impact on our systems when such incidents or attacks do occur.  if our systems, or the systems of third parties for protecting against cybersecurity risks are circumvented or breached, or we are subject to ransomware or other attacks,  this could result in disruptions to our business operations; unauthorized access to (or the loss of company access to) competitively sensitive, confidential or other critical data or systems; loss of customers; financial losses; regulatory fines; misuse or corruption of critical data and proprietary information.
item 7.  management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
the following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, statements relating to our plans, strategies, objectives, expectations, intentions and resources. such forward-looking statements should be read in conjunction with our disclosures under "item 1a. risk factors" of this form 10-k.
2018 executive overview schlumberger full-year 2018 revenue of $32.8 billion increased 8% over 2017. this revenue growth was driven almost entirely by increased activity in north america against a backdrop of increasing oil prices throughout most of the year.
in the oil markets, sentiment was stable and positive for the first three quarters of 2018, providing a rising oil price environment. oecd crude and product stocks continued a downward trend that began in the third quarter of 2016. production cuts from opec and russia in 2017 served to strengthen the oil price. activity picked up globally and, as oil reached its peak price for the year in october, production from major producers, including unconventional us production, began to surprise to the upside. output in libya rebounded sharply; saudi arabia and the united arab emirates each recorded record production output; and dispensations from the iran export sanctions generated aggregate production that more than offset declines elsewhere.
as a result, the market became oversupplied at the beginning of the fourth quarter despite the anticipated slowdown in the permian basin production growth due to capacity takeaway constraints. this, coupled with concerns about global oil demand, caused oil prices to plummet by more than 40% during the fourth quarter of 2018 and led to a sudden and sharp decrease in us land well completion activity during the final months of the year.
in the natural gas markets, consumption of liquified natural gas ("lng") continued to rise enabled by vast sources of new supply. the us became a lng exporter in 2016, when the first shipment left sabine pass in louisiana. us export capacity grew to 37 million tonnes in 2018 and is set to nearly double in 2019. underground gas storage in the us was below average through most of 2018, however, rising gas production from unconventional oil and gas wells in the us northeast, midcontinent and the permian basin helped to keep henry hub prices well below international prices. this will allow the us to join australia and the middle east as significant exporters.
schlumberger financial performance in 2018 was driven largely by north america, where revenue of $12.0 billion grew 26% year-over-year, despite the steep fall-off in activity during the fourth quarter of the year.  this growth was driven by increased land activity that primarily benefited schlumberger's onestim business, where revenue grew 41%.
full-year 2018 international revenue of $20.4 billion was essentially flat  compared with 2017.  during the third quarter of 2018, international revenue grew faster than north america revenue for the first time since 2014, marking the beginning of a positive activity trend after three consecutive years of declining revenue.  this was driven by the increased activity of national oil companies ("nocs"), as they began to invest in longer-term resource development following a sustained period of deep underinvestment and declining production.
the dramatic fall in oil prices in the fourth quarter was largely driven by higher-than-expected us shale production as a result of the surge in activity earlier in the year, and as geopolitics negatively impacted the global demand- and supply-balance sentiments. the combination of these two factors, together with a large sell-off in the equity markets due to concerns around global growth and increasing us interest rates, created a near-perfect storm to close out 2018.
looking ahead to 2019, schlumberger expects a more positive supply- and demand-balance sentiment to lead to a gradual recovery in the price of oil over the course of the year, as the opec and russia production cuts take full effect; the effect of lower activity in north america land in the second half of 2018 impacts production growth; the dispensations from the iran export sanctions expire and are not renewed; and as the us and china continue to work toward a solution to their ongoing trade dispute.
in the meantime, the recent oil price volatility has introduced more uncertainty around the global exploration and production ("e&p") spending outlook for 2019, with customers generally taking a more conservative approach at the start of the year.  however, based on recent discussions with customers, schlumberger is seeing clear signs that e&p investments are starting to normalize and reflect a more sustainable financial stewardship of the global resource base. for the north america land e&p operators, this means that future investments will likely be much closer to the level that can be covered by free cash flow. conversely, in the international markets apart from the middle east and russia, after four years of underinvestment and a focus on maximizing cash flow, the nocs and independents are starting to see the need to invest in their resource base simply to maintain production at current levels.
this means that even with the current oil price levels, schlumberger expects solid, single-digit growth in the international markets, while in north america land the increased cost of capital and focus on aligning investments closer to free cash flow has introduced more uncertainty to the outlook for both drilling and production activity.
charges &amp; credits (4)                                      43                                                 -
(1)   comprised principally of certain corporate expenses not allocated to the segments, stock-based compensation costs, amortization expense associated with certain intangible assets, certain centrally managed initiatives and other nonoperating items.
(4)   charges and credits are described in detail in note 3 to the consolidated financial statements.
fourth-quarter revenue of $8.2 billion declined 4% sequentially driven by lower activity and pricing for most production- and cameron-related businesses in north america land. lower revenue from onesubsea also contributed to the decline. international activity remained resilient despite the oil price drop, with revenue increasing 1% sequentially. the seasonal slowdown in russia was offset by increased revenue in the middle east, asia and africa. revenue from europe and latin america was flat compared with the previous quarter.   sequential performance was heavily impacted by production- and cameron-related activity declines in north america land, as seen by the 12% sequential decrease of revenue in north america. onestim revenue dropped 25% sequentially as a number of fleets were warm-stacked during the latter part of the quarter, and as schlumberger focused on securing dedicated contracts for the first half of 2019 early in the fourth-quarter tendering cycle.
reservoir characterization fourth-quarter revenue of $1.7 billion decreased 1% sequentially driven by the seasonal decline in wireline activity in russia, lower wireline exploration activity offshore north america, and reduced onesurface activity in the middle east. these effects were partially offset by year-end sales of sis software.
reservoir characterization pretax operating margin of 22% was essentially flat compared with the previous quarter as the effect of high-margin sis software sales was offset by the seasonal decline in higher-margin wireline revenue.
drilling pretax operating margin of 13% decreased 105 basis points ("bps") sequentially due to a seasonal activity decline in russia and the increased cost of mobilizing additional resources as ids project activity scaled up across international operations.
fourth-quarter revenue of $2.9 billion declined 10% sequentially. onestim revenue in north america land dropped 25%, accounting for the vast majority of the production revenue decrease, as a number of fleets were warm-stacked during the latter part of the quarter  due to market oversupply conditions.
production pretax operating margin of 7% decreased 310 bps sequentially due to reduced pricing and activity in the onestim business in north america land.
cameron cameron revenue of $1.3 billion declined 3% sequentially as increased international sales in surface systems were more than offset by lower revenue from the onesubsea and valves & measurement product lines.  onesubsea booked more than $600 million in new project orders during the fourth quarter of 2018, indicating that it is now close to the cycle trough of backlog-driven activity.
charges &amp; credits (4)                                 (141    )                                       (3,764   )
(1)   comprised principally of certain corporate expenses not allocated to the segments, stock-based compensation costs, amortization expense associated with certain intangible assets, certain centrally managed initiatives and other nonoperating items. full-year 2018 and 2017 results each include $252 million of amortization expense associated with intangible assets recorded as a result of the acquisition of cameron, which was completed on april 1, 2016.
(4)   charges and credits are described in detail in note 3 to the consolidated financial statements.
full-year 2018 revenue of $32.8 billion increased 8% year-on-year and grew for the second successive year. performance was driven by north america where revenue of $12.0 billion increased 26% due to the onestim business, which grew by 41%. full-year international revenue of $20.4 billion was essentially flat compared with 2017.
full-year 2018 pretax operating income of $4.2 billion grew 7% year-on-year. pretax operating margin of 13% was essentially flat with the previous year, as the impact of higher revenue was offset by reactivation and mobilization costs associated with the ramp-up and strategic positioning for increased activity in both north america and internationally.
reservoir characterization full-year 2018 revenue of $6.5 billion decreased 4% year-on-year primarily due to reduced onesurface revenue following the end of the first phase of an integrated production system project in the middle east and reduced westerngeco activity as marine seismic acquisition contracts wound down during 2018 following the fourth quarter 2017 decision to cease all future marine seismic acquisition activities after satisfying schlumberger's remaining commitments.
drilling full-year 2018 revenue of $9.3 billion increased 10% year-on-year primarily due to higher demand for directional drilling technologies on land in north america and the start of new integrated drilling projects internationally. this benefited drilling & measurements, bits & drilling tools, m-i swaco and integrated drilling services.
production full-year 2018 revenue of $12.4 billion increased 17% year-on-year with most of the revenue increase attributable to the accelerated land activity growth in north america that benefited the onestim pressure pumping businesses in north america land for the first three quarters of 2018. growth was driven by the deployment of additional hydraulic fracturing capacity, market share gains, operational efficiency improvements and improved pricing.
cameron full-year 2018 revenue of $5.2 billion decreased 1% year-on-year.  a 15% revenue increase in the short-cycle business of surface systems, driven by higher north america land activity, was offset by a 12% decline in the long-cycle onesubsea business.
charges &amp; credits (4)                                (3,764    )                                      (3,820   )
(1)   comprised principally of certain corporate expenses not allocated to the segments, stock-based compensation costs, amortization expense associated with certain intangible assets, certain centrally managed initiatives and other nonoperating items. full-year 2017 and 2016 include $252 million and $189 million, respectively, of amortization expense associated with intangible assets recorded as a result of the acquisition of cameron, which was completed on april 1, 2016.
(4)   charges and credits are described in detail in note 3 to the consolidated financial statements.
full-year 2017 revenue of $30.4 billion increased 9% year-on-year.  this included a full year of activity from the acquired cameron businesses versus nine months of activity for the same period in 2016.  excluding the impact of cameron, revenue increased 7% year-
full-year 2017 pretax operating margin was expanded 111 bps to 13%, as improved profitability in north america due to the land activity growth that benefited production and drilling was offset by margin declines in reservoir characterization and cameron.
drilling full-year 2017 revenue of $8.4 billion decreased 2% year-on-year primarily due to the rig count declines internationally and in offshore north america combined with pricing pressure.  revenue also declined as a result of schlumberger's decision in april 2016 to reduce its activities in venezuela to align operations with cash collections.
year-on-year, pretax operating margin increased 210 bps to 14% primarily due to improved profitability in north america due to accelerated land activity and improved pricing. this improvement was partially offset by the negative impact of reduced activity in venezuela.
production full-year 2017 revenue of $10.6 billion increased 21% year-on-year with most of the revenue increase attributable to the accelerated land activity growth in north america that benefited the pressure pumping business which grew 44%. lower spm production levels in ecuador partially offset the revenue increase.
year-on-year, pretax operating margin increased 298 bps to 9% as a result of improved profitability in north america due to the accelerated land activity and improved pricing.  this was partially offset by reduced margins in spm due to lower production in ecuador.
cameron cameron contributed full-year revenue of $5.2 billion.  cameron revenue for 2016 included only nine months of revenue following the april 2016 closing of the acquisition. revenue in 2017 was impacted by a declining project backlog, particularly for the long-cycle businesses of drilling systems and onesubsea.
earnings of equity method investments        89                96                90
the schlumberger effective tax rate has historically been sensitive to the geographic mix of earnings. when the percentage of pretax earnings generated outside of north america increases, the schlumberger effective tax rate generally decreases. conversely, when the percentage of pretax earnings generated outside of north america decreases, the schlumberger effective tax rate generally increases.
as discussed in further detail in note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, on december 22, 2017 the us enacted the tax cuts and jobs act (the "act").  the act, which is also commonly referred to as "us tax reform," significantly changed us corporate income tax laws by, among other things, reducing the us corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21% starting in 2018 and creating a territorial tax system with a one-time mandatory tax on previously deferred foreign earnings of us subsidiaries.
the effective tax rate for each of 2017 and 2016 was significantly impacted by the charges and credits described in note 3 to the consolidated financial statements because they were only partially tax-effective.  excluding the impact of these charges and credits, the effective tax rate was 17% in 2018, 18% in 2017 and 16% in 2016.  the decrease in the effective tax rate in 2018 as compared to 2017, excluding the impact of charges and credits, was primarily due to the impact of us tax reform.  the increase in the effective tax rate in 2017 as compared to 2016, excluding the impact of charges and credits, was primarily attributable to a change in the geographic mix of earnings as the percentage of pretax earnings generated in north america increased compared to 2016.
charges and credits schlumberger recorded significant charges and credits during 2018, 2017 and 2016. these charges and credits, which are summarized below, are more fully described in note 3 to the consolidated financial statements.
the following is a summary of the 2018 charges and credits, of which the $215 million gain on the sale of the marine seismic acquisition business is classified in gain on sale of business in the consolidated statement of income (loss), while the remaining $356 million of other charges are classified in impairments & other.
pretax                tax                 net gain on sale of marine seismic acquisition business   $(215       )         $(19      )         $(196     )
the following is a summary of the 2017 charges and credits, of which $3.211 billion were classified in impairments & other, $245 million were classified in cost of sales and $308 million were classified in merger & integration in the consolidated statement of income (loss):
venezuela investment write-down                              938                  -                     -                       938
the following is a summary of the 2016 charges and credits, of which $3.172 billion were classified in impairments & other, $349 million were classified in merger & integration and $299 million were classified in cost of sales in the consolidated statement of income (loss):
inventory write-downs                                    616                  49                   567
facility impairments                                     165                  58                   107
facility closure costs                                   165                  40                   125
costs associated with exiting certain activities          98                  23                    75
merger-related employee benefits                          83                  13                    70
facility closure costs                                    61                  13                    48
liquidity and capital resources schlumberger had total cash, short-term investments and fixed income investments, held to maturity of $2.8 billion, $5.1 billion and $9.5 billion at december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.  total debt was $16.1 billion, $18.2 billion and $19.6 billion at december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
details of the components of liquidity as well as changes in liquidity follow:
dec. 31,                   dec. 31,                   dec. 31, components of liquidity:                                      2018                  2017                       2016
fixed income investments, held to maturity                                 -                          -             238
changes in liquidity:                                                                       2018       2017                     2016
earnings of equity method investments, less dividends received                               (48   )                  (56   )                 (60   )
pension and other postretirement benefits expense                                             30                      104                     187
pension and other postretirement benefits funding                                            (83   )                 (133   )                (174   )
decrease (increase) in working capital (3)                                                  (442   )                 (823   )                 416
capital expenditures                                                                      (2,160   )               (2,107   )              (2,055   )
multiclient seismic data capitalized                                                        (100   )                 (276   )                (630   )
business acquisitions and investments, net of cash acquired plus debt assumed               (292   )                 (847   )              (4,022   )
(1)   "net debt" represents gross debt less cash, short-term investments and fixed income investments, held to maturity. management believes that net debt provides useful information regarding the level of schlumberger's indebtedness by reflecting cash and investments that could be used to repay debt. net debt is a non-gaap financial measure that should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for or superior to, total debt.
(4)   "free cash flow" represents cash flow from operations less capital expenditures, spm investments and multiclient seismic data costs capitalized. management believes that free cash flow is an important liquidity measure for the company and that it is useful to investors and management as a measure of the ability of our business to generate cash. once business needs and obligations are met, this cash can be used to reinvest in the company for future growth or to return to shareholders through dividend payments or share repurchases. free cash flow does not represent the residual cash flow available for discretionary expenditures. free cash flow is a non-gaap financial measure that should be considered in addition to, not as substitute for or superior to, cash flow from operations.
key liquidity events during 2018, 2017 and 2016 included:
•   cash flow from operations was $5.7 billion in 2018, $5.7 billion in 2017 and $6.3 billion in 2016. operating cash flows for 2018 were essentially flat compared to 2017 as the lower consumption of working capital was offset by decreased depreciation and amortization following the asset impairment charges recorded during the fourth quarter of 2017. the improvement in working capital in 2018 was largely driven by strong accounts receivable collections. the decrease in operating cash flows in 2017 as compared to 2016 was largely attributable to lower earnings before consideration of non-cash charges and credits and depreciation and amortization expense.
the following table summarizes the activity under these share repurchase programs during 2018, 2017 and 2016:
•   capital expenditures were $2.2 billion in 2018, $2.1 billion in 2017 and $2.1 billion in 2016. capital expenditures during 2019 are expected to range between $1.5 billion and $1.7 billion.
•   during the fourth quarter of 2018, schlumberger completed the divestiture of its marine seismic acquisition business for net proceeds of $579 million (after considering $21 million of cash divested).
●   during 2018, 2017 and 2016, schlumberger made contributions of $83 million, $133 million and $174 million, respectively, to its postretirement benefit plans. the us pension plans were 88% funded at both december 31, 2018 and december 31, 2017 based on their projected benefit obligations.
schlumberger's international defined benefit pension plans were a combined 97% funded at both december 31, 2018 and december 31, 2017 based on their projected benefit obligations.
schlumberger expects to contribute approximately $25 million to its postretirement benefit plans in 2019, subject to market and business conditions.
•   the increase in spm investments in 2017 as compared to 2016 is primarily attributable to the purchase of a majority non-operating interest in the palliser block, located in alberta, canada, from cenovous energy.
•   schlumberger paid $2.8 billion of cash in connection with its 2016 acquisition of cameron. additionally, as a result of the acquisition of cameron, schlumberger assumed $3.0 billion of debt (including a $244 million adjustment to increase cameron's long-term fixed rate debt to its estimated fair value) and acquired $2.2 billion of cash and short-term investments.
•   in connection with schlumberger's 2016 acquisition of cameron, cameron was merged with schlumberger holdings corporation ("shc"), an indirect wholly-owned united states subsidiary of schlumberger. under the terms of the agreement, cameron shareholders received 0.716 shares of schlumberger limited common stock and a cash payment of $14.44 in exchange for each cameron share of common stock outstanding. in connection with this transaction, shc acquired approximately 138 million shares of common stock from schlumberger limited and transferred those shares to cameron's shareholders.
in order to partially fund the purchase of the 138 million shares of common stock from schlumberger limited that were transferred to cameron stockholders, shc issued $6 billion of notes during the fourth quarter of 2015 consisting of the following:
as of december 31, 2018, schlumberger had $2.8 billion of cash and short-term investments on hand. schlumberger also has separate committed credit facility agreements aggregating $6.5 billion with commercial banks, of which $4.1 billion was available and unused as of december 31, 2018. the $6.5 billion of committed credit facility agreements support commercial paper programs. schlumberger believes these amounts are sufficient to meet future business requirements for at least the next 12 months.
(3)   represents an estimate of contractual obligations in the ordinary course of business. although these contractual obligations are considered enforceable and legally binding, the terms generally allow schlumberger the option to reschedule and adjust its requirements based on business needs prior to the delivery of goods.
refer to note 18, pension and other benefit plans, of the consolidated financial statements for details regarding schlumberger's pension and other postretirement benefit obligations.
as discussed in note 14, income taxes, of the consolidated financial statements, included in the schlumberger consolidated balance sheet at december 31, 2018 is approximately $1.4 billion of liabilities associated with uncertain tax positions in the over 100 jurisdictions in which schlumberger conducts business. due to the uncertain and complex application of tax regulations, combined with the difficulty in predicting when tax audits throughout the world may be concluded, schlumberger cannot make reliable estimates of the timing of cash outflows relating to these liabilities.
schlumberger has outstanding letters of credit/guarantees that relate to business performance bonds, custom/excise tax commitments, facility lease/rental obligations, etc.  these were entered into in the ordinary course of business and are customary practices in the various countries where schlumberger operates.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states requires schlumberger to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent liabilities and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses. the following accounting policies involve "critical accounting estimates" because they are particularly dependent on estimates and assumptions made by schlumberger about matters that are inherently uncertain.
schlumberger bases its estimates on historical experience and on various assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.
allowance for doubtful accounts schlumberger maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts in order to record accounts receivable at their net realizable value.  judgment is involved in recording and making adjustments to this reserve.  allowances have been recorded for receivables believed to be uncollectible, including amounts for the resolution of potential credit and other collection issues such as disputed invoices.  adjustments to the allowance may be required in future periods depending on how such potential issues are resolved, or if the financial condition of schlumberger's customers were to deteriorate resulting in an impairment of their ability to make payments.
as a large multinational company with a long history of operating in a cyclical industry, schlumberger has extensive experience in working with its customers during difficult times to manage its accounts receivable.  during weak economic environments or when there is an extended period of weakness in oil and gas prices, schlumberger typically experiences delays in the payment of its receivables.  however, except as described below, schlumberger has not had material write-offs due to uncollectible accounts receivable over the recent industry downturn.  schlumberger operates in more than 85 countries.   as of december 31, 2018, only three of those countries individually accounted for greater than 5% of schlumberger's net receivables balance, of which only one (the united states) accounted for greater than 10% of such receivables.
in april 2016, schlumberger announced that it was reducing its activity in venezuela to align operations with cash collections as a result of insufficient payments on outstanding receivables.  schlumberger also previously disclosed that its judgment regarding the collectibility of its receivables and promissory notes in venezuela is sensitive to the political and economic conditions in the country and that, if conditions in venezuela worsen, schlumberger may be required to record adjustments to the carrying value of these assets.  during the fourth quarter of 2017, conditions in venezuela further deteriorated such that schlumberger determined it was appropriate to write-off the remaining outstanding receivable balance of approximately $469 million and record an impairment charge of $105 million related to the aforementioned promissory notes.
goodwill, intangible assets and long-lived assets schlumberger records the excess of purchase price over the fair value of the tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed as goodwill. the goodwill relating to each of schlumberger's reporting units is tested for impairment annually as well as when an event, or change in circumstances, indicates an impairment may have occurred.
under generally accepted accounting principles, schlumberger has the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances leads to a determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of one or more of its reporting units is greater than its carrying amount. if, after assessing the totality of events or circumstances, schlumberger determines it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is greater than its carrying amount, there is no need to perform any further testing. however, if schlumberger concludes otherwise, then it is required to perform a quantitative impairment test by calculating the fair value of the reporting unit and comparing the fair value with the carrying amount of the reporting unit. if the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value, an impairment loss is recorded based on that difference.
schlumberger has the option to bypass the qualitative assessment for any reporting unit in any period and proceed directly to performing the quantitative goodwill impairment test.
schlumberger elected to perform the qualitative assessment described above for purposes of its annual goodwill impairment test in 2018. based on this assessment, schlumberger concluded it was more likely than not that the fair value of each of its reporting units was greater than its carrying amount. accordingly, no further testing was required.
long-lived assets, including fixed assets, intangible assets and investments in spm projects, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable.  in reviewing for impairment, the carrying value of such assets is compared to the estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected from the use of the assets and their eventual disposition.  if such cash flows are not sufficient to support the asset's recorded value, an impairment charge is recognized to reduce the carrying value of the long-lived asset to its estimated fair value.  the determination of future cash flows as well as the estimated fair value of long-lived assets involves significant estimates on the part of management.  if there is a material change in economic conditions or other circumstances influencing the estimate of future cash flows or fair value, schlumberger could be required to recognize impairment charges in the future.
income taxes schlumberger conducts business in more than 100 tax jurisdictions, a number of which have tax laws that are not fully defined and are evolving. schlumberger's tax filings are subject to regular audits by the tax authorities. these audits may result in assessments for additional taxes that are resolved with the authorities or, potentially, through the courts. schlumberger recognizes the impact of a tax position in its financial statements if that position is more likely than not of being sustained on audit, based on the technical merits of the position.  tax liabilities are recorded based on estimates of additional taxes that will be due upon the conclusion of these audits. estimates of these tax liabilities are made based upon prior experience and are updated in light of changes in facts and circumstances. however, due to the uncertain and complex application of tax regulations, the ultimate resolution of audits may result in liabilities that could be materially different from these estimates. in such an event, schlumberger will record additional tax expense or tax benefit in the period in which such resolution occurs.
revenue recognition for certain long-lived construction-type contracts schlumberger recognizes revenue for certain long-term construction-type contracts over time.  these contracts involve significant design and engineering efforts in order to satisfy custom designs for customer-specific applications.  under this method, revenue is recognized as work progresses on each contract. progress is measured by the ratio of actual costs incurred to date on the project in relation to total estimated project costs.  approximately 5% and 7% of schlumberger's revenue in 2018 and 2017, respectively, was recognized under this method.
the estimate of total project costs has a significant impact on both the amount of revenue recognized as well as the related profit on a project. revenue and profits on contracts can also be significantly affected by change orders and claims.  profits are recognized based on the estimated project profit multiplied by the percentage complete.  due to the nature of these projects, adjustments to estimates of contract revenue and total contract costs are often required as work progresses.  any expected losses on a project are recorded in full in the period in which they become probable.
multiclient seismic data schlumberger capitalizes the costs associated with obtaining multiclient seismic data.  the carrying value of the multiclient seismic data library at december 31, 2018 and 2017 was $601 million and $727 million, respectively.  such costs are charged to cost of services based on the percentage of the total costs to the estimated total revenue that schlumberger expects to receive from the sales of such data.  however, under no circumstances will an individual survey carry a net book value greater than a 4-year, straight-line amortized value.
the carrying value of surveys is reviewed for impairment annually as well as when an event or change in circumstance indicates an impairment may have occurred.  adjustments to the carrying value are recorded when it is determined that estimated future revenues, which involve significant judgment on the part of schlumberger, would not be sufficient to recover the carrying value of the surveys.  significant adverse changes in schlumberger's estimated future cash flows could result in impairment charges in a future period.  for purposes of performing the annual impairment test of the multiclient library, surveys are primarily analyzed for impairment on a survey-by-survey basis.
pension and postretirement benefits schlumberger's pension and postretirement benefit obligations are described in detail in note 18 to the consolidated financial statements. the obligations and related costs are calculated using actuarial concepts, which include critical assumptions related to the discount rate, expected rate of return on plan assets and medical cost trend rates. these assumptions are important elements of expense and/or liability measurement and are updated on an annual basis, or upon the occurrence of significant events.
the discount rate that schlumberger uses reflects the prevailing market rate of a portfolio of high-quality debt instruments with maturities matching the expected timing of payment of the related benefit obligations. the following summarizes the discount rates utilized by schlumberger for its various pension and postretirement benefit plans:
●   the discount rate utilized to determine the liability for schlumberger's united states pension plans and postretirement medical plan was 4.30% at december 31, 2018 and 3.70% at december 31, 2017.
●   the weighted-average discount rate utilized to determine the liability for schlumberger's international pension plans was 4.00% at december 31, 2018 and 3.55% at december 31, 2017.
●   the weighted-average discount rate utilized to determine expense for schlumberger's united states pension plans and postretirement medical plan decreased from 4.20% in 2017 to 3.70% in 2018.
the expected rate of return for schlumberger's retirement benefit plans represents the average rate of return expected to be earned on plan assets over the period that benefits included in the benefit obligation are expected to be paid. the expected rate of return for schlumberger's united states pension plans has been determined based upon expected rates of return for the investment portfolio, with consideration given to the distribution of investments by asset class and historical rates of return for each individual asset class. the weighted average expected rate of return on plan assets for the united states pension plans was 7.25% in both 2018 and 2017. the weighted average expected rate of return on plan assets for the international pension plans was 7.40% in both 2018 and 2017. a lower expected rate of return would increase pension expense.
schlumberger's medical cost trend rate assumptions are developed based on historical cost data, the near-term outlook and an assessment of likely long-term trends. the overall medical cost trend rate assumption utilized to determine the 2018 postretirement medical expense was 7.00%, graded to 5.0% over the next nine years. the overall medical trend rate assumption utilized to determine the postretirement medical liability at december 31, 2018 was 7.00%, graded to 5.0% over the next nine years.
the following illustrates the sensitivity to changes in certain assumptions, holding all other assumptions constant, for schlumberger's united states and international pension plans:
change in assumption   pretax expense          liability
the following illustrates the sensitivity to changes in certain assumptions, holding all other assumptions constant, for schlumberger's united states postretirement medical plans:
change in assumption                       pretax expense           liability