item 1a.    risk factors our business is subject to many risks. set forth below are the material risks we face. risks are listed in the categories where they primarily apply, but other categories may also apply.
competitive and reputational risks our continued success is dependent on positive perceptions of target which, if eroded, could adversely affect our business and our relationships with our guests and team members.
we believe that one of the reasons our guests prefer to shop at target, our team members choose target as a place of employment, and our vendors choose to do business with us is the reputation we have built over many years for serving our four primary constituencies: guests, team members, shareholders, and the communities in which we operate. to be successful in the future, we must continue to preserve target's reputation. reputational value is based in large part on perceptions, and broad access to social media makes it easy for anyone to provide public feedback that can influence perceptions of target. it may be difficult to control negative publicity, regardless of whether it is accurate. target's position or perceived lack of position on social, environmental, public policy or other sensitive issues, and any perceived lack of transparency about those matters, could harm our reputation with certain groups or guests. while reputations may take decades to build, negative incidents can quickly erode trust and confidence and can result in consumer boycotts, governmental investigations, or litigation. in addition, vendors and others with whom we do business may affect our reputation. for example, cvs operates clinics and pharmacies within our stores, and our guests' perceptions of and experiences with cvs may affect our reputation. negative reputational incidents could adversely affect our business through lost sales, loss of new store and development opportunities, or team member retention and recruiting difficulties.
if we are unable to positively differentiate ourselves from other retailers, our results of operations could be adversely affected.
in the past, we have been able to compete successfully by differentiating our guests' shopping experience through a careful combination of price, merchandise assortment, store environment, convenience, guest service, loyalty programs, and marketing efforts. guest perceptions regarding the cleanliness and safety of our stores, the functionality, reliability, and speed of our digital channels and fulfillment options, our in-stock levels, and the value of our promotions are among the factors that affect our ability to compete. in addition, our ability to create a personalized guest experience through the collection and use of accurate and relevant guest data is important to our ability to differentiate from other retailers. no single competitive factor is dominant, and actions by our competitors on any of these factors or the failure of our strategies could adversely affect our sales, gross margins, and expenses.
the retail industry's continuing migration to digital channels has affected the ways we differentiate ourselves from other retailers. in particular, consumers are able to quickly and conveniently comparison shop and determine real-time product availability using digital tools, which can lead to decisions based solely on price or the functionality of the digital tools. consumers may also use third-party channels or devices, such as voice assistants and smart home devices, to initiate shopping searches and place orders, which could sometimes make us dependent on the capabilities and search algorithms of those third parties to reach those consumers. any difficulties in executing our differentiation efforts, actions by our competitors in response to these efforts, or failures by vendors in managing their own channels, content and technology systems to support these efforts could adversely affect our sales, gross margins, and expenses.
our business has evolved from an in-store experience to interaction with guests across multiple channels (in-store, online, mobile, social media, voice assistants, and smart home devices, among others). our guests are using those channels to shop with us and provide feedback and public commentary about our business. we must anticipate and meet changing guest expectations and counteract developments and investments by our competitors. our evolving retailing efforts include implementing technology, software and processes to be able to conveniently and cost-effectively fulfill guest orders directly from any point within our system of stores and distribution centers and from our vendors. we also need to collect accurate, relevant, and usable guest data to personalize our offerings. providing flexible fulfillment options and implementing new technology is complex and may not meet expectations for accurate order fulfillment, faster and guaranteed delivery times, low-price or free shipping, and desired payment methods. even when we are successful in meeting expectations for fulfillment, if we are unable to offset increased costs of fulfilling orders outside of our traditional in-store channel with efficiencies, cost-savings or expense reductions, our results of operations could be adversely affected.
if we do not anticipate and respond quickly to changing consumer preferences, our sales and profitability could suffer.
a large part of our business is dependent on our ability to make trend‐right decisions and effectively manage our inventory in a broad range of merchandise categories, including apparel, accessories, home décor, electronics, toys, seasonal offerings, food, and other merchandise. if we do not obtain accurate and relevant data on guest preferences, predict changing consumer tastes, preferences, spending patterns and other lifestyle decisions, emphasize the correct categories, implement competitive and effective pricing and promotion strategies, or personalize our offerings to our guests, we may experience lost sales, spoilage, and increased inventory markdowns, which could adversely affect our results of operations by reducing our profitability.
investments and infrastructure risks if our capital investments in remodeling existing stores, building new stores, and improving technology and supply chain infrastructure do not achieve appropriate returns, our competitive position, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
our business depends, in part, on our ability to remodel existing stores and build new stores in a manner that achieves appropriate returns on our capital investment. our current store remodel program is larger than historic levels and is being implemented using a custom approach based on the condition of each store and characteristics of the surrounding neighborhood. when building new stores, we compete with other retailers and businesses for suitable locations for our stores. many of our expected new store sites are smaller, non-standard footprints located in fully developed markets, which require changes to our supply chain practices and are generally more time-consuming, expensive and uncertain undertakings than expansion into undeveloped suburban and ex-urban markets. pursuing the wrong remodel or new store opportunities and any delays, cost increases, disruptions or other uncertainties related to those opportunities could adversely affect our results of operations.
we are currently making, and expect to continue to make, significant investments in technology and selective acquisitions to improve guest experiences across multiple channels and improve our supply chain and inventory management systems. the effectiveness of these investments can be less predictable than remodeling stores, and might not provide the anticipated benefits or desired rates of return. in addition, if we are unable to successfully protect any intellectual property rights resulting from our investments, the value received from those investments may be eroded, which could adversely affect our financial condition.
pursuing the wrong investment opportunities, being unable to make new concepts scalable, making an investment commitment significantly above or below our needs, or failing to effectively incorporate acquired businesses into our business could result in the loss of our competitive position and adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations.
a significant disruption in our computer systems and our inability to adequately maintain and update those systems could adversely affect our operations and negatively affect our guests.
we rely extensively on our computer systems to manage and account for inventory, process guest transactions, manage and maintain the privacy of guest data, communicate with our vendors and other third parties, service target-branded credit and debit card accounts, and summarize and analyze results. we also rely on continued and unimpeded access to the internet to use our computer systems. our systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, malicious attacks, security breaches, and catastrophic events. if our systems are damaged or fail to function properly or reliably, we may incur substantial repair or replacement costs, experience data loss or theft and impediments to our ability to manage inventories or process guest transactions, and encounter lost guest confidence, which could require additional promotional activities to attract guests and otherwise adversely affect our results of operations.
we continually invest to maintain and update our computer systems. implementing significant system changes increases the risk of computer system disruption. the potential problems and interruptions associated with implementing technology initiatives, as well as providing training and support for those initiatives, could disrupt or reduce our operational efficiency, and could negatively impact guest experience and guest confidence.
data security and privacy risks if our efforts to provide information security are unsuccessful or if we are unable to meet increasingly demanding regulatory requirements, we may face additional costly government enforcement actions and private litigation, and our reputation and results of operations could suffer.
we regularly receive and store information about our guests, team members, vendors and other third parties. we have programs in place to detect, contain, and respond to data security incidents. however, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently and may be difficult to detect for long periods of time, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventive measures. in addition, hardware, software, or applications we develop or procure from third parties may contain defects in design or manufacture or other problems that could unexpectedly compromise information security. unauthorized parties may also attempt to gain access to our systems or facilities, or those of third parties with whom we do business, through fraud, trickery, or other forms of deceiving our team members, contractors, and vendors.
prior to 2013, all data security incidents we encountered were insignificant. our 2013 data breach was significant and went undetected for several weeks. both we and our vendors have had data security incidents since the 2013 data breach; however, to date these other incidents have not been material to our results of operations. based on the prominence and notoriety of the 2013 data breach, even minor additional data security incidents could draw greater scrutiny. if we, our vendors, or other third parties with whom we do business experience additional significant data security incidents or fail to detect and appropriately respond to significant incidents, we could be exposed to additional government enforcement actions and private litigation. in addition, our guests could lose confidence in our ability to protect their information, discontinue using our redcards or loyalty programs, or stop shopping with us altogether, which could adversely affect our sales, reputation and results of operations.
the legal and regulatory environment regarding information security, cybersecurity, and privacy is increasingly demanding and has enhanced requirements for handling personal data. complying with new data protection requirements may cause us to incur substantial costs, require changes to our business practices, limit our ability to obtain data used to provide a differentiated guest experience, and expose us to further litigation and regulatory risks, each of which could adversely affect our results of operations.
supply chain and third party risks changes in our relationships with our vendors, changes in tax or trade policy, interruptions in our supply chain or increased commodity or supply chain costs could adversely affect our results of operations.
we are dependent on our vendors to supply merchandise to our distribution centers, stores, and guests. as we continue to add capabilities, operating our fulfillment network becomes more complex and challenging. if our fulfillment network does not operate properly or if a vendor fails to deliver on its commitments, we could experience merchandise out-of-stocks, delivery delays or increased delivery costs, which could lead to lost sales and decreased guest confidence, and adversely affect our results of operations.
a large portion of our merchandise is sourced, directly or indirectly, from outside the u.s., with china as our single largest source, so any major changes in tax or trade policy, such as the imposition of additional tariffs or duties on imported products, could require us to take certain actions, such as raising prices on products we sell, which could adversely affect our results of operations.
political or financial instability, currency fluctuations, the outbreak of pandemics, labor unrest, transport capacity and costs, port security, weather conditions, natural disasters or other events that could slow or disrupt port activities and affect foreign trade are beyond our control and could materially disrupt our supply of merchandise, increase our costs, and/or adversely affect our results of operations. there have been periodic labor disputes impacting the u.s. ports that have caused us to make alternative arrangements to continue the flow of inventory, and if these types of disputes recur, worsen, or occur in other countries through which we source products, it may have a material impact on our costs or inventory supply. changes in the costs of procuring commodities used in our merchandise or the costs related to our supply chain, could adversely affect our results of operations.
a disruption in relationships with third party service providers could adversely affect our operations.
we rely on third parties to support our business, including portions of our technology infrastructure, development and support, our digital platforms and fulfillment operations, credit and debit card transaction processing, extensions of credit for our 5% redcard rewards loyalty program, the clinics and pharmacies operated by cvs within our stores, the infrastructure supporting our guest contact centers, aspects of our food offerings, and delivery services. if we are unable to contract with third parties having the specialized skills needed to support those strategies or integrate their products and services with our business, or if they fail to meet our performance standards and expectations, then our reputation and results of operations could be adversely affected. for example, if our guests unfavorably view cvs's operations, our ability to discontinue the relationship is limited and our results of operations could be adversely affected.
legal, regulatory, global and other external risks our earnings depend on the state of macroeconomic conditions and consumer confidence in the u.s.
nearly all of our sales are in the u.s., making our results highly dependent on u.s. consumer confidence and the health of the u.s. economy. in addition, a significant portion of our total sales is derived from stores located in five states: california, texas, florida, minnesota and illinois, resulting in further dependence on local economic conditions in these states. deterioration in macroeconomic conditions or consumer confidence could negatively affect our business in many ways, including slowing sales growth, reducing overall sales, and reducing gross margins.
these same considerations impact the success of our credit card program. although we no longer own a consumer credit card receivables portfolio, we share in the profits generated by the credit card program with td bank group (td), which owns the receivables generated by our proprietary credit cards. deterioration in macroeconomic conditions or changes in consumer preferences concerning our credit card program could adversely affect the volume of new credit accounts, the amount of credit card program balances, and the ability of credit card holders to pay their balances. these conditions could result in us receiving lower profit‐sharing payments.
uncharacteristic or significant weather conditions, alone or together with natural disasters, could adversely affect our operations.
uncharacteristic or significant weather conditions can affect consumer shopping patterns, particularly in apparel and seasonal items, which could lead to lost sales or greater than expected markdowns and adversely affect our short-term results of operations. in addition, our three largest states by total sales are california, texas and florida, areas where natural disasters are more prevalent. natural disasters in those states or in other areas where our sales are concentrated could result in significant physical damage to or closure of one or more of our stores, distribution centers or key vendors, and cause delays in the distribution of merchandise from our vendors to our distribution centers, stores, and guests, which could adversely affect our results of operations by increasing our costs and lowering our sales.
with over 300,000 team members, our workforce costs represent our largest operating expense, and our business is dependent on our ability to attract, train, and retain the appropriate mix of qualified team members, contractors, and temporary staffing and effectively organize and manage those resources as our business and strategic priorities change. many team members are in entry-level or part-time positions with historically high turnover rates. our ability to meet our changing labor needs while controlling our costs is subject to external factors such as labor laws and regulations, unemployment levels, prevailing wage rates, benefit costs, changing demographics, and our reputation and relevance within the labor market. if we are unable to attract and retain a workforce meeting our needs, our operations, guest service levels, support functions, and competitiveness could suffer and our results of operations could be adversely affected. we are periodically subject to labor organizing efforts. if we become subject to one or more collective bargaining agreements in the future, it could adversely affect our labor costs and how we operate our business. we also have support offices in india and china, and any extended disruption of our operations in those locations, whether due to labor difficulties or otherwise, could adversely affect our operations and financial results.
if our merchandise offerings do not meet applicable safety standards or target's or our guests' expectations regarding safety, supply chain transparency and responsible sourcing, we could experience lost sales and increased costs and be exposed to legal and reputational risk. all of our vendors must comply with applicable product safety laws, and we are dependent on them to ensure that the products we buy comply with all safety standards. events that give rise to actual, potential or perceived product safety concerns, including food or drug contamination, could expose us to government enforcement action or private litigation and result in costly product recalls and other liabilities. our sourcing vendors must also meet our expectations across multiple areas of social compliance, including supply chain transparency and responsible sourcing. we have a social compliance audit process, but we are also dependent on our vendors to ensure that the products we buy comply with our standards. negative guest perceptions regarding the safety of the products we sell and events that give rise to actual, potential or perceived compliance concerns could hurt our reputation, result in lost sales, cause our guests to seek alternative sources for their needs, and make it difficult and costly for us to regain the confidence of our guests.
our failure to comply with federal, state, local, and international laws, or changes in these laws could increase our costs, reduce our margins, and lower our sales.
our business is subject to a wide array of laws and regulations in the u.s. and other countries in which we operate. our expenses could increase, and our operations could be adversely affected by significant legislative changes or other legal developments on workforce-related issues, including an employer's obligation to recognize collective bargaining units, the process by which collective bargaining agreements are negotiated or imposed, the classification of exempt and non-exempt employees, the distinction between employees and contractors, minimum wage requirements, advance scheduling notice requirements, and health care mandates. changes in the legal or regulatory environment affecting data privacy and information security, product safety, payment methods and related fees, responsible sourcing, supply chain transparency, or environmental protection, among others, could cause our expenses to increase without an ability to pass through any increased expenses through higher prices. in addition, if we fail to comply with other applicable laws and regulations, including wage and hour laws, the foreign corrupt practices act and local anti-bribery laws, we could be subject to reputation and legal risk, including government enforcement action and class action civil litigation, which could adversely affect our results of operations by increasing our costs, reducing our margins, and lowering our sales.
financial risks increases in our effective income tax rate could adversely affect our business, results of operations, liquidity, and net income.
a number of factors influence our effective income tax rate, including changes in tax law and related regulations, tax treaties, interpretation of existing laws, and our ability to sustain our reporting positions on examination. changes in any of those factors could change our effective tax rate, which could adversely affect our net income. in addition, our operations outside of the u.s. may cause greater volatility in our effective tax rate.
if we are unable to access the capital markets or obtain bank credit, our financial position, liquidity, and results of operations could suffer.
we are dependent on a stable, liquid, and well-functioning financial system to fund our operations and capital investments. our continued access to financial markets depends on multiple factors including the condition of debt capital markets, our operating performance, and maintaining strong credit ratings. if rating agencies lower our credit ratings, it could adversely affect our ability to access the debt markets, our cost of funds, and other terms for new debt issuances. each of the credit rating agencies reviews its rating periodically, and there is no guarantee our current credit rating will remain the same. in addition, we use a variety of derivative products to manage our exposure to market risk, principally interest rate and equity price fluctuations. disruptions or turmoil in the financial markets could reduce our ability to fund our operations and capital investments, and lead to losses on derivative positions resulting from counterparty failures, which could adversely affect our financial position and results of operations.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations executive summary fiscal 2018 included the following notable items:
◦   comparable digital channel sales increased 36 percent, contributing 1.8 percentage points to comparable sales growth.
as described in note 2 to the financial statements, certain prior-year amounts have been adjusted to reflect the impact of adopting accounting standards update (asu) no. 2014-09-revenue from contracts with customers (topic 606), asu no. 2016-02-leases (topic 842), and asu no. 2017-07-compensation - retirement benefits (topic 715) throughout this document to conform to the current year presentation.
sales were $74,433 million for 2018, an increase of $2,647 million or 3.7 percent from the prior year, due to a comparable sales increase of 5.0 percent and the contribution from new stores, partially offset by the impact of the extra week in 2017. operating income in 2018 decreased by $114 million or 2.7 percent from 2017 to $4,110 million. the analysis of results of operations discussion provides more information. operating cash flow provided by continuing operations was $5,970 million for 2018, a decrease of $891 million, or 13.0 percent, from $6,861 million for 2017. refer to the cash flows discussion within the liquidity and capital resources section of md&a on page 24 for additional information.
note:  amounts may not foot due to rounding. adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations (adjusted eps), a non-gaap metric, excludes the impact of certain items. management believes that adjusted eps is useful in providing period-to-period comparisons of the results of our continuing operations. a reconciliation of non-gaap financial measures to gaap measures is provided on page 21.
we report after-tax return on invested capital (roic) from continuing operations because we believe roic provides a meaningful measure of our capital-allocation effectiveness over time. for the trailing twelve months ended february 2, 2019, roic was 14.7 percent, compared with 15.4 percent for the trailing twelve months ended february 3, 2018. excluding the discrete impacts of the tax cuts and jobs act (tax act), roic was 14.6 percent and 13.6 percent for the trailing twelve months ended february 2, 2019, and february 3, 2018, respectively. a reconciliation of roic is provided on page 23.
sales sales include all merchandise sales, net of expected returns, and gift card breakage. note 3 of the financial statements defines gift card "breakage". comparable sales is a measure that highlights the performance of our stores and digital channel sales by measuring the change in sales for a period over the comparable, prior-year period of equivalent length. comparable sales include all sales, except sales from stores open less than 13 months, digital acquisitions we have owned less than 13 months, stores that have been closed, and digital acquisitions that we no longer operate. comparable sales measures vary across the retail industry. as a result, our comparable sales calculation is not necessarily comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. digital channel sales include all sales initiated through mobile applications and our websites. our stores fulfill the majority of digital channel sales, including through store pick up or drive up and delivery via our wholly owned subsidiary, shipt. digital channel sales may also be fulfilled through our distribution centers, our vendors, or other third parties.
the increase in 2018 sales compared with 2017 is due to a 5.0 percent comparable sales increase and the contribution from new stores, partially offset by the extra week in 2017, which contributed $1,167 million of sales, or 1.6 percent of 2017 sales. the increase in 2017 sales is due to a comparable sales increase of 1.3 percent, the extra week in 2017, and the contribution from new stores. the extra week contributed 1.7 percentage points of increase over 2016. inflation did not materially affect sales in any period presented.
digital channel percentage points contribution to comparable sales change    1.8   1.2        1.0
digitally originated    7.1   5.5         4.4
note 3 to the financial statements provides sales by product category. the collective interaction of a broad array of macroeconomic, competitive, and consumer behavioral factors, as well as sales mix and transfer of sales to new stores makes further analysis of sales metrics infeasible.
td bank group (td) offers credit to qualified guests through target-branded credit cards: the target credit card and the target mastercard credit card (target credit cards). additionally, we offer a branded proprietary target debit card. collectively, we refer to these products as redcards®. guests receive a 5 percent discount on nearly all purchases and free shipping when they use a redcard at target. we monitor the percentage of purchases that are paid for using redcards (redcard penetration) because our internal analysis has indicated that a meaningful portion of incremental purchases on our redcards are also incremental sales for target.
target debit card           13.0   %    13.1   %    13.0   %
target credit cards         10.9   11.3        11.2
note: amounts may not foot due to rounding. in 2018, we refined our calculation of redcard penetration. the prior period amounts have been updated to conform with the current methodology, resulting in an increase of 0.2 percentage points to the total redcard penetration for 2017 and 2016.
gross margin rate our gross margin rate was 28.4 percent in 2018, 28.8 percent in 2017, and 29.2 percent in 2016. the 2018 decrease was primarily due to increased digital fulfillment and supply chain costs. the benefit of merchandising strategies, including cost savings initiatives and efforts to improve pricing and promotions, was partially offset by the impact of our sales mix.
the 2017 decrease was primarily due to increased digital fulfillment costs and supply chain costs. benefits from cost savings initiatives were offset by net investments in pricing and promotions.
provision for income taxes our 2018 effective income tax rate from continuing operations increased to 20.3 percent from 19.9 percent in 2017, primarily due to lower discrete favorable benefits of the tax act, which were $36 million in 2018 compared with $343 million in 2017, and less rate benefit from our global sourcing operations in 2018 compared with 2017. the lower 2018 benefit of discrete tax act-related items was substantially offset by the full-year benefit of a 21 percent federal statutory rate in 2018 compared with a 33.7 percent blended federal statutory rate in 2017.
note 19 of the financial statements provides additional information.
reconciliation of non-gaap financial measures to gaap measures to provide additional transparency, we have disclosed non-gaap adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations (adjusted eps). this metric excludes certain items presented below. we believe this information is useful in providing period-to-period comparisons of the results of our continuing operations. this measure is not in accordance with, or an alternative to, generally accepted accounting principles in the u.s. (gaap). the most comparable gaap measure is diluted earnings per share from continuing operations. adjusted eps should not be considered in isolation or as a substitution for analysis of our results as reported under gaap. other companies may calculate adjusted eps differently than we do, limiting the usefulness of the measure for comparisons with other companies.
(c)   represents discrete items related to the tax act. refer to the provision for income taxes discussion within md&amp;a and note 19 of the financial statements.
(d)   for 2017, represents an insurance recovery related to the 2013 data breach. for 2016, represents items related to the 2015 sale of our pharmacy and clinic businesses.
earnings from continuing operations before interest expense and income taxes (ebit) and earnings before interest expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization (ebitda) are non-gaap financial measures which we believe provide meaningful information about our operational efficiency compared with our competitors by excluding the impact of differences in tax jurisdictions and structures, debt levels, and, for ebitda, capital investment. these measures are not in accordance with, or an alternative for, gaap. the most comparable gaap measure is net earnings from continuing operations. ebit and ebitda should not be considered in isolation or as a substitution for analysis of our results as reported under gaap. other companies may calculate ebit and ebitda differently, limiting the usefulness of the measure for comparisons with other companies.
ebit and ebitda                                                                                                                percent change
ebit (b)                                       $4,137                  $4,283                    $4,952            (3.4   )%     (13.5   )%
ebitda (b)                                     $6,611                  $6,759                    $7,270            (2.2   )%      (7.0   )%
(b)   adoption of the new accounting standards resulted in a $29 million and $17 million decrease in ebit and a $2 million and $3 million increase in ebitda for 2017 and 2016, respectively.
(c)   represents total depreciation and amortization, including amounts classified within depreciation and amortization and within cost of sales.
we have also disclosed after-tax roic, which is a ratio based on gaap information. we believe this metric is useful in assessing the effectiveness of our capital allocation over time. other companies may calculate roic differently, limiting the usefulness of the measure for comparisons with other companies.
after-tax return on invested capital trailing twelve months numerator(dollars in millions)                 february 2,                  february 3, 2018 as adjusted (a)
ebit                                                 4,137                                             4,283
net operating profit after taxes                    $3,364                                            $3,495
+ shareholders' equity                                          11,297                               11,651                             10,915
+ operating lease liabilities (e)                                2,170                                2,072                              1,970
invested capital                                               $23,186                              $22,476                            $22,902
average invested capital (g)                                   $22,831                              $22,689
after-tax return on invested capital (d)(h)                                         14.7   %      15.4   %
after-tax return on invested capital excluding discrete impacts of tax act (d)      14.6   %      13.6   %
(b)   represents the add-back to operating income driven by the hypothetical interest expense we would incur if the property under our operating leases were owned or accounted for as finance leases. calculated using the discount rate for each lease and recorded as a component of rent expense within sg&amp;a expenses. operating lease interest is added back to operating income in the roic calculation to control for differences in capital structure between us and our competitors.
(c)   calculated using the effective tax rates for continuing operations, which were 20.3 percent and 19.9 percent for the trailing twelve months ended february 2, 2019, and february 3, 2018, respectively. for the trailing twelve months ended february 2, 2019, and february 3, 2018, includes tax effect of $839 million and $851 million, respectively, related to ebit, and $17 million and $16 million, respectively, related to operating lease interest.
(d)   the effective tax rate for the trailing twelve months ended february 2, 2019, and february 3, 2018, includes discrete tax benefits of $36 million and $343 million, respectively, related to the tax act.
(e)   total short-term and long-term operating lease liabilities included within accrued and other current liabilities and noncurrent operating lease liabilities on the consolidated statements of financial position.
(f)   included in other assets and liabilities on the consolidated statements of financial position.
(g)   average based on the invested capital at the end of the current period and the invested capital at the end of the comparable prior period.
analysis of financial condition liquidity and capital resources our period-end cash and cash equivalents balance decreased to $1,556 million from $2,643 million in 2017 primarily because we repatriated cash previously held by entities located outside the u.s. and deployed it during 2018 in support of our business objectives. our cash and cash equivalents balance includes short-term investments of $769 million and $1,906 million as of february 2, 2019, and february 3, 2018, respectively. our investment policy is designed to preserve principal and liquidity of our short-term investments. this policy allows investments in large money market funds or in highly rated direct short-term instruments that mature in 60 days or less. we also place dollar limits on our investments in individual funds or instruments.
capital allocation we follow a disciplined and balanced approach to capital allocation based on the following priorities, ranked in order of importance: first, we fully invest in opportunities to profitably grow our business, create sustainable long-term value, and maintain our current operations and assets; second, we maintain a competitive quarterly dividend and seek to grow it annually; and finally, we return any excess cash to shareholders by repurchasing shares within the limits of our credit rating goals.
operating cash flows operating cash flow provided by continuing operations was $5,970 million in 2018 compared with $6,861 million in 2017 and $5,337 million in 2016. the 2018 operating cash flow decrease was primarily due to a larger increase in inventory in 2018 compared with 2017, partially offset by lower income tax payments in 2018 due to the tax act.
the 2017 operating cash flow increase was due to increased payables leverage primarily driven by changes in vendor payment terms in 2017, partially offset by an inventory increase in 2017 compared with a decrease during 2016. the operating cash flow increase was also partially due to the payment of approximately $500 million of taxes during 2016 related to the sale of our pharmacy and clinic businesses.
inventory year-end inventory was $9,497 million, compared with $8,597 million in 2017. we increased inventory in 2018 to support higher sales, including market share opportunities in toys and baby-related merchandise. in addition, inventory levels were increased to support new brand launches and our efforts to improve in-stock levels.
capital expenditures capital expenditures increased in 2018 from the prior year primarily due to increased investments in existing stores as we further accelerated our current store remodel program. this investment acceleration follows an increase in 2017 as we accelerated our store remodel program.
in addition to these cash investments, we entered into leases related to new stores in 2018, 2017, and 2016 with total future minimum lease payments of $473 million, $438 million, and $550 million, respectively.
we expect capital expenditures in 2019 at a level consistent with 2018 as we continue the current store remodel program, open additional small-format stores, and make other investments in our business. we also expect to continue our current rate of investment in store leases.
dividends we paid dividends totaling $1,335 million ($2.52 per share) in 2018 and $1,338 million ($2.44 per share) in 2017, a per share increase of 3.3 percent. we declared dividends totaling $1,347 million ($2.54 per share) in 2018, a per share increase of 3.3 percent over 2017. we declared dividends totaling $1,356 million ($2.46 per share) in 2017, a per share increase of 4.2 percent over 2016. we have paid dividends every quarter since our 1967 initial public offering, and it is our intent to continue to do so in the future.
share repurchases during 2018, 2017, and 2016 we returned $2,067 million, $1,026 million, and $3,686 million, respectively, to shareholders through share repurchase. see part ii, item 5 of this annual report on form 10-k and note 21 to the financial statements for more information.
financing our financing strategy is to ensure liquidity and access to capital markets, to maintain a balanced spectrum of debt maturities, and to manage our net exposure to floating interest rate volatility. within these parameters, we seek to minimize our borrowing costs. our ability to access the long-term debt and commercial paper markets has provided us with ample sources of liquidity. our continued access to these markets depends on multiple factors, including the condition of debt capital markets, our operating performance, and maintaining strong credit ratings. as of february 2, 2019, our credit ratings were as follows:
credit ratings     moody's   standard and poor's   fitch long-term debt     a2        a                     a-
if our credit ratings were lowered, our ability to access the debt markets, our cost of funds, and other terms for new debt issuances could be adversely impacted. each of the credit rating agencies reviews its rating periodically and there is no guarantee our current credit ratings will remain the same as described above.
in 2018, we funded our holiday sales period working capital needs through internally generated funds and the issuance of commercial paper. in 2017, we funded our holiday sales period working capital needs through internally generated funds.
we have additional liquidity through a committed $2.5 billion revolving credit facility obtained through a group of banks. in october 2018, we extended this credit facility by one year to october 2023. no balances were outstanding at any time during 2018, 2017, or 2016.
most of our long-term debt obligations contain covenants related to secured debt levels. in addition to a secured debt level covenant, our credit facility also contains a debt leverage covenant. we are, and expect to remain, in compliance with these covenants. additionally, at february 2, 2019, no notes or debentures contained provisions requiring acceleration of payment upon a credit rating downgrade, except that certain outstanding notes allow the note holders to put the notes to us if within a matter of months of each other we experience both (i) a change in control and (ii) our long-term credit ratings are either reduced and the resulting rating is non-investment grade, or our long-term credit ratings are placed on watch for possible reduction and those ratings are subsequently reduced and the resulting rating is non-investment grade.
note 16 of the financial statements provides more information about financing activities.
we believe our sources of liquidity will continue to be adequate to maintain operations, finance anticipated expansion and strategic initiatives, fund debt maturities, pay dividends, and execute purchases under our share repurchase program for the foreseeable future. we continue to anticipate ample access to commercial paper and long-term financing.
commitments and contingencies contractual obligations as of                                                                           payments due by period february 2, 2019                                                 less than             1-3             3-5         after 5
finance lease liabilities (b)                      1,461                98             196             193             974
operating lease liabilities (b)                    2,904               245             470             443           1,746
real estate liabilities (d)                          121               121               -               -               -
(d)   real estate liabilities include costs incurred but not paid related to the construction or remodeling of real estate and facilities.
(f)   purchase obligations include all legally binding contracts such as firm minimum commitments for inventory purchases, merchandise royalties, equipment purchases, marketing-related contracts, software acquisition/license commitments, and service contracts. we issue inventory purchase orders in the normal course of business, which represent authorizations to purchase that are cancelable by their terms. we do not consider purchase orders to be firm inventory commitments; therefore, they are excluded from the table above. if we choose to cancel a purchase order, we may be obligated to reimburse the vendor for unrecoverable outlays incurred prior to cancellation. we also issue trade letters of credit in the ordinary course of business, which are excluded from this table as these obligations are conditioned on terms of the letter of credit being met.
(g)   real estate obligations include legally binding minimum lease payments for leases signed but not yet commenced, and commitments for the purchase, construction, or remodeling of real estate and facilities.
(h)   we have not included obligations under our pension plans in the contractual obligations table above because no additional amounts are required to be funded as of february 2, 2019. our historical practice regarding these plans has been to contribute amounts necessary to satisfy minimum pension funding requirements, plus periodic discretionary amounts determined to be appropriate.
off balance sheet arrangements:    other than the unrecorded contractual obligations noted above, we do not have any arrangements or relationships with entities that are not consolidated into the financial statements.
critical accounting estimates our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with gaap, which requires us to make estimates and apply judgments that affect the reported amounts. in the notes to consolidated financial statements, we describe the significant accounting policies used in preparing the consolidated financial statements. our management has discussed the development, selection, and disclosure of our critical accounting estimates with the audit & finance committee of our board of directors. the following items require significant estimation or judgment:
inventory and cost of sales:    the vast majority of our inventory is accounted for under the retail inventory accounting method using the last-in, first-out method. our inventory is valued at the lower of cost or market. we reduce inventory for estimated losses related to shrink and markdowns. our shrink estimate is based on historical losses verified by physical inventory counts. historically, our actual physical inventory count results have shown our estimates to be reliable. market adjustments for markdowns are recorded when the salability of the merchandise has diminished. we believe the risk of inventory obsolescence is largely mitigated because our inventory typically turns in less than three months. inventory was $9,497 million and $8,597 million at february 2, 2019 and february 3, 2018, respectively, and is further described in note 9 of the financial statements.
we establish a receivable for vendor income that is earned but not yet received. based on the agreements in place, this receivable is computed by estimating when we have completed our performance and when the amount is earned. the majority of the year-end vendor income receivables are collected within the following fiscal quarter, and we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that the assumptions used in our estimate will change significantly. historically, adjustments to our vendor income receivable have not been material. vendor income receivable was $468 million and $416 million at february 2, 2019 and february 3, 2018, respectively. vendor income is described further in note 5 of the financial statements.
long-lived assets:    long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable. the evaluation is performed at the lowest level of identifiable cash flows independent of other assets, which is primarily at the store level. an impairment loss would be recognized when estimated undiscounted future cash flows from the operation and/or disposition of the assets are less than their carrying amount. measurement of an impairment loss would be based on the excess of the carrying amount of the asset group over its fair value. fair value is measured using discounted cash flows or independent opinions of value, as appropriate. we recorded impairments of $92 million, $91 million, and $43 million in 2018, 2017, and 2016, respectively, which are described further in note 11 of the financial statements.
we applied the hindsight practical expedient for measurement of lease assets and liabilities, and associated leasehold improvement assets, in our adoption of asu no. 2016-02-leases (topic 842), which required significant judgment to determine the reasonably certain lease term for existing leases in transition to the new standard. using hindsight shortened lease terms for many leases. operating lease assets and liabilities were $1,965 million and $2,170 million, respectively, at february 2, 2019. finance lease assets and liabilities were $872 million and $1,021 million, respectively, at february 2, 2019. leases are described further in notes 2 and 18 of the financial statements.
insurance/self-insurance:    we retain a substantial portion of the risk related to certain general liability, workers' compensation, property loss, and team member medical and dental claims. however, we maintain stop-loss coverage to limit the exposure related to certain risks. liabilities associated with these losses include estimates of both claims filed and losses incurred but not yet reported. we use actuarial methods which consider a number of factors to estimate our ultimate cost of losses. general liability and workers' compensation liabilities are recorded at our estimate of their net present value; other liabilities referred to above are not discounted. our workers' compensation and general liability accrual was $423 million and $419 million at february 2, 2019 and february 3, 2018, respectively. we believe that the amounts accrued are appropriate; however, our liabilities could be significantly affected if future occurrences or loss developments differ from our assumptions. for example, a 5 percent increase or decrease in average claim costs would impact our self-insurance expense by $21 million in 2018. historically, adjustments to our estimates have not been material. refer to item 7a, quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk, for further disclosure of the market risks associated with these exposures. we maintain insurance coverage to limit our exposure to certain events, including network security matters.
income taxes:    we pay income taxes based on the tax statutes, regulations, and case law of the various jurisdictions in which we operate. significant judgment is required in determining the timing and amounts of deductible and taxable items, and in evaluating the ultimate resolution of tax matters in dispute with tax authorities.
we recognized the income tax effects of the tax act in our 2018 and 2017 financial statements in accordance with staff accounting bulletin no. 118, which provides sec staff guidance for the application of asc topic 740, income taxes. note 19 of the financial statements provides additional information.
the benefits of uncertain tax positions are recorded in our financial statements only after determining it is likely the uncertain tax positions would withstand challenge by taxing authorities. we periodically reassess these probabilities and record any changes in the financial statements as appropriate. liabilities for uncertain tax positions, including interest and penalties, were $334 million and $363 million at february 2, 2019 and february 3, 2018, respectively, and primarily relate to continuing operations. we believe the resolution of these matters will not have a material adverse impact on our consolidated financial statements. income taxes are described further in note 19 of the financial statements.
pension accounting:    we maintain a funded, qualified defined benefit pension plan, as well as several smaller and unfunded nonqualified plans for certain current and retired team members. the costs for these plans are determined based on actuarial calculations using the assumptions described in the following paragraphs. eligibility and the level of benefits varies depending on team members' full-time or part-time status, date of hire, age, and/or length of service. the benefit obligation and related expense for these plans are determined based on actuarial calculations using assumptions about the expected long-term rate of return, the discount rate, and compensation growth rates. the assumptions, with adjustments made for any significant plan or participant changes, are used to determine the period-end benefit obligation and establish expense for the next year.
our 2018 expected long-term rate of return on plan assets of 6.30 percent is determined by the portfolio composition, historical long-term investment performance, and current market conditions. a 1 percentage point decrease in our expected long-term rate of return would increase annual expense by $39 million.
the discount rate used to determine benefit obligations is adjusted annually based on the interest rate for long-term high-quality corporate bonds, using yields for maturities that are in line with the duration of our pension liabilities. our benefit obligation and related expense will fluctuate with changes in interest rates. a 1 percentage point decrease to the weighted average discount rate would increase annual expense by $68 million.
based on our experience, we use a graduated compensation growth schedule that assumes higher compensation growth for younger, shorter-service pension-eligible team members than it does for older, longer-service pension-eligible team members.
pension benefits are further described in note 24 of the financial statements.
legal and other contingencies:    we believe the accruals recorded in our consolidated financial statements properly reflect loss exposures that are both probable and reasonably estimable. we do not believe any of the currently identified claims or litigation may materially affect our results of operations, cash flows, or financial condition. however, litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and unfavorable rulings could occur. if an unfavorable ruling were to occur, it may cause a material adverse impact on the results of operations, cash flows, or financial condition for the period in which the ruling occurs, or future periods. refer to note 15 of the financial statements for further information on contingencies.
forward-looking statements this report contains forward-looking statements, which are based on our current assumptions and expectations. these statements are typically accompanied by the words "expect," "may," "could," "believe," "would," "might," "anticipates," or words of similar import. the principal forward-looking statements in this report include: our financial performance, statements regarding the adequacy of and costs associated with our sources of liquidity, the continued execution of our share repurchase program, our expected capital expenditures and new lease commitments, the impact of changes in the expected effective income tax rate on net income, including those resulting from the tax act, the expected compliance with debt covenants, the expected impact of new accounting pronouncements, our intentions regarding future dividends, contributions and payments related to our pension plan, the expected returns on pension plan assets, the expected timing and recognition of compensation expenses, the effects of macroeconomic conditions, the adequacy of our reserves for general liability, workers' compensation and property loss, the expected outcome of, and adequacy of our reserves for investigations, inquiries, claims and litigation, expected changes to our contractual obligations and liabilities, the expected ability to recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities and the timing of such recognition, the resolution of tax matters, the expected impact of changes in information technology systems, and changes in our assumptions and expectations.
all such forward-looking statements are intended to enjoy the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the private securities litigation reform act of 1995, as amended. although we believe there is a reasonable basis for the forward-looking statements, our actual results could be materially different. the most important factors which could cause our actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements are set forth on our description of risk factors in item 1a to this form 10-k, which should be read in conjunction with the forward-looking statements in this report. forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we do not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statement.