item 1a.    risk factors you should carefully consider the following risks and all of the other information set forth in this report, including without limitation our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto and "item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations-critical accounting estimates."
catastrophe losses could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, our financial position and/or liquidity, and could adversely impact our ratings, our ability to raise capital and the availability and cost of reinsurance. our property and casualty insurance operations expose us to claims arising out of catastrophes. catastrophes can be caused by various natural events, including, among others, hurricanes, tornadoes and other windstorms, earthquakes, hail, wildfires, severe winter weather, floods, tsunamis, volcanic eruptions and other naturally-occurring events, such as solar flares. catastrophes can also be man-
made, such as terrorist attacks and other intentionally destructive acts including those involving nuclear, biological, chemical and radiological events, cyber events, explosions and destruction of infrastructure. the geographic distribution of our business subjects us to catastrophe exposures in the united states and canada, which include, but are not limited to: hurricanes from maine through texas; tornadoes and hail storms throughout the central, mid-atlantic and southeastern regions of the united states; earthquakes in california, the new madrid region and the pacific northwest region of north america; wildfires, particularly in western states and canada; and terrorism in major cities in the united states. in addition to our operations in the united states and canada, our international operations subject us to catastrophe exposures in the united kingdom, the republic of ireland and brazil as well as to a variety of worldwide catastrophe exposures through our lloyd's operations.
the incidence and severity of catastrophes are inherently unpredictable, and it is possible that both the frequency and severity of natural and man-made catastrophic events could increase. severe weather events over the last two decades have underscored the unpredictability of future climate trends, and potentially changing climate conditions could add to the frequency and severity of natural disasters and create additional uncertainty as to future trends and exposures. during that time period, the insurance industry experienced increased catastrophe losses due to a number of potential causal factors, including, in addition to weather/climate variability, more people living in high-risk areas, population growth in areas with weaker enforcement of building codes, urban expansion and an increase in the average size of a house. for example, hurricane activity has impacted areas further inland than previously experienced by us, and demographic changes have resulted in larger populations in coastal areas which historically have been subject to severe storms and related storm surge, thus expanding our potential for losses from hurricanes. additionally, both the frequency and severity of tornado and hail storms in the united states have been more volatile during the last decade. the frequency and severity of wildfire losses have been elevated in more recent years. demographic changes in areas prone to wildfires have expanded our potential for losses from wildfires. moreover, we could experience more than one severe catastrophic event in any given period.
all of the catastrophe modeling tools that we use, or that we rely on from outside parties, to evaluate certain of our catastrophe exposures are based on assumptions and judgments that are subject to error and mis-estimation and may produce estimates that are materially different than actual results. in addition, compared to models for hurricanes, models for earthquakes are less reliable due to there being a more limited number of significant historical events to analyze, while models for tornadoes and hail storms are newer and may be even less reliable due to the highly random geographic nature and size of these events. as a result, models for earthquakes and tornado and hail storms may have even greater difficulty predicting risks and estimating losses. further, changes in climate conditions could cause our underlying modeling data to be less predictive, thus limiting our ability to effectively evaluate and manage catastrophe risk. as compared to natural catastrophes, modeling for man-made catastrophes, such as terrorism and cyber events, is even more difficult and less reliable, and for some events (both natural and man-made), models are either in early stages of development and, therefore, not widely adopted, or are not available. see "we may be adversely affected if our pricing and capital models provide materially different indications than actual results" below as well as "item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations-catastrophe modeling" and "-changing climate conditions."
the extent of losses from a catastrophe is a function of the total amount of insured exposure affected by the event, the severity of the event and the coverage provided, which can be both property and casualty coverages. increases in the value and geographic concentration of insured property, the number of policyholders exposed to certain events and the effects of inflation could increase the severity of claims from catastrophic events in the future. for example, the specific geographic location impacted by tornadoes is inherently random and unpredictable and the specific location impacted by a tornado may or may not be highly populated and may or may not have a high concentration of our insured exposures. similarly, the potential for losses from a cyber event can be larger to the extent that the event impacts platforms, systems or vulnerabilities shared by a large number of policyholders.
states have from time to time passed legislation, and regulators have taken action, that have the effect of limiting the ability of insurers to manage catastrophe risk, such as legislation restricting insurers from reducing exposures or withdrawing from catastrophe-prone areas or mandating that insurers participate in residual markets. participation in residual market mechanisms has resulted in, and may continue to result in, significant losses or assessments to insurers, including us, and, in certain states, those losses or assessments may not be commensurate with our direct catastrophe exposure in those states. if our competitors leave those states having residual market mechanisms, remaining insurers, including us, may be subject to significant increases in losses or assessments following a catastrophe. in addition, following catastrophes, there are sometimes legislative and administrative initiatives and court decisions that seek to expand insurance coverage for catastrophe claims beyond the original intent of the policies, seek to prevent the application of deductibles included in the policies or seek to limit the exercise of certain insurer rights available under the policies. also, our ability to adjust terms, including deductible levels, or to increase pricing to the extent necessary to offset rising costs of catastrophes, particularly in the personal insurance segment, requires approval of regulatory authorities of certain states. our ability or our willingness to manage our catastrophe exposure by raising prices, modifying underwriting terms or reducing exposure to certain geographies may be limited due to considerations of public policy, the evolving political environment and/or changes in the general economic climate. furthermore, reduction or elimination of
the national flood insurance program could result in an increase in our exposure to flood risk. we also may choose to write business in catastrophe-prone areas that we might not otherwise write for strategic purposes, such as improving our access to other underwriting opportunities.
there are also factors that impact the estimation of ultimate costs for catastrophes. for example, the estimation of claims and claim adjustment expense reserves related to hurricanes can be affected by the inability to access portions of the impacted areas, the complexity of factors contributing to the losses, the limited availability of the necessary labor and supplies, the legal and regulatory uncertainties and the nature of the information available to establish the claims and claim adjustment expense reserves. complex factors include, but are not limited to: determining whether damage was caused by flooding versus wind; evaluating general liability and pollution exposures; estimating additional living expenses; the impact of demand surge; infrastructure disruption; fraud; the effect of mold damage; business interruption costs; late reported claims; litigation; and reinsurance collectability. the timing of a catastrophe's occurrence, such as at or near the end of a reporting period, can also affect the information available to us in estimating claims and claim adjustment expense reserves for that reporting period. the estimates related to catastrophes are adjusted in subsequent periods as actual claims emerge and additional information becomes available.
exposure to catastrophe losses or actual losses resulting from a catastrophe could adversely affect our financial strength and claims-paying ratings and could impair our ability to raise capital on acceptable terms or at all. also, as a result of our exposure to catastrophe losses or actual losses following a catastrophe, rating agencies may further increase capital requirements, which may require us to raise capital to maintain our ratings. a ratings downgrade could hurt our ability to compete effectively or attract new business. in addition, catastrophic events could cause us to exhaust our available reinsurance limits and could adversely impact the cost and availability of reinsurance on a going-forward basis. such events can also impact the credit of our reinsurers. for a discussion of our catastrophe reinsurance coverage, see "item 1-business-reinsurance-catastrophe reinsurance." catastrophic events could also adversely impact the credit of the issuers of securities, such as states or municipalities, in which we have invested.
in addition, coverage in our reinsurance program for terrorism is limited. although the terrorism risk insurance program provides benefits in the event of certain acts of terrorism, those benefits are subject to a deductible and other limitations and the program is scheduled to expire on december 31, 2020. under current provisions of this program, once our losses exceed 20% of our commercial property and casualty insurance premium for the preceding calendar year, the federal government will reimburse us for 81% of our losses attributable to certain acts of terrorism which exceed this deductible up to a total industry program cap of $100 billion. our estimated deductible under the program is $2.52 billion for 2019. the federal government reimbursement percentage will fall from 81% to 80% in 2020. in addition, because the interpretation of this law is untested, there is substantial uncertainty as to how it will be applied to specific circumstances. for example, application of the law to a specific event will depend upon whether the government has designated such event as a covered event. it is also possible that future legislation could change or eliminate the program, which could adversely affect our business by increasing our exposure to terrorism losses, or by lowering our business volume through efforts to avoid that exposure. for a further description of the terrorism risk insurance program, see note 5 of notes to the consolidated financial statements.
because of the risks set forth above, catastrophes such as those caused by various natural or man-made events, such as a terrorist attack or other intentionally destructive acts, including those involving nuclear, biological, chemical or radiological events or cyber events, could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and/or liquidity. further, we may not have sufficient resources to respond to claims arising from a high frequency of high-severity natural catastrophes and/or of man-made catastrophic events involving conventional means. in addition, while we seek to manage our exposure to man-made catastrophic events involving conventional means, we may not have sufficient resources to respond to claims arising out of one or more man-made catastrophic events involving "unconventional" means, such as nuclear, biological, chemical or radiological events.
if actual claims exceed our claims and claim adjustment expense reserves, or if changes in the estimated level of claims and claim adjustment expense reserves are necessary, including as a result of, among other things, changes in the legal, regulatory and economic environments in which the company operates, our financial results could be materially and adversely affected. claims and claim adjustment expense reserves do not represent an exact calculation of liability, but instead represent management estimates of what the ultimate settlement and administration of claims will cost, generally utilizing actuarial expertise and projection techniques, at a given accounting date.
the process of estimating claims and claim adjustment expense reserves involves a high degree of judgment and is subject to a number of variables. these variables can be affected by both internal and external events, such as: changes in claims handling procedures; adverse changes in loss cost trends, including inflationary pressures and technology changes which may impact medical, auto and home repair costs; economic conditions, including general and wage inflation; legal trends, including social inflation (increased litigation, expanded theories of liability and higher jury awards); and legislative changes, among others. the
impact of many of these items on ultimate costs for claims and claim adjustment expenses is difficult to estimate and could be material. claims and claim adjustment expense reserve estimation difficulties also differ significantly by product line due to differences in claim complexity, the volume of claims, the potential severity of individual claims, the determination of occurrence date for a claim and reporting lags (the time between the occurrence of the policyholder event and when it is actually reported to the insurer).
it is possible that, among other things, past or future steps taken by the federal government and the federal reserve to stimulate the u.s. economy, including actions to manage interest rates, tax reform, the imposition of tariffs and other changes in international trade regulation, could lead to higher inflation than we had anticipated, which could in turn lead to an increase in our loss costs. the impact of inflation on loss costs could be more pronounced for those lines of business that are considered "long tail," such as general liability, as they require a relatively long period of time to finalize and settle claims for a given accident year. in addition, a significant portion of claims costs, including those in "long tail" lines of business, consists of medical costs. changes in healthcare legislation could significantly impact the availability, cost and allocation of payments for medical services, and it is possible that, as a result, inflationary pressures in medical costs may increase or claim frequency and/or severity may otherwise be adversely impacted. the estimation of claims and claim adjustment expense reserves may also be more difficult during times of adverse or uncertain economic conditions due to unexpected changes in behavior of claimants and policyholders, including an increase in fraudulent reporting of exposures and/or losses, reduced maintenance of insured properties, increased frequency of small claims or delays in the reporting of claims. in addition, the estimation of claims and claim adjustment expense reserves may be influenced by other external factors, including increased attorney involvement in insurance claims.
we continually refine our claims and claim adjustment expense reserve estimates in a regular, ongoing process as historical loss experience develops, additional claims are reported and settled, and the legal, regulatory and economic environment evolves. business judgment is applied throughout the process, including the application of various individual experiences and expertise to multiple sets of data and analyses. different experts may choose different assumptions when faced with material uncertainty, based on their individual backgrounds, professional experiences and areas of focus. hence, such experts may at times produce estimates materially different from each other. this risk may be exacerbated in the context of an acquisition. experts providing input to the various estimates and underlying assumptions include actuaries, underwriters, claim personnel and lawyers, as well as other members of management. therefore, management may have to consider varying individual viewpoints as part of its estimation of claims and claim adjustment expense reserves.
we attempt to consider all significant facts and circumstances known at the time claims and claim adjustment expense reserves are established or reviewed. due to the inherent uncertainty underlying claims and claim adjustment expense reserve estimates, the final resolution of the estimated liability for claims and claim adjustment expenses will likely be higher or lower than the related claims and claim adjustment expense reserves at the reporting date. therefore, actual paid losses in the future may yield a materially different amount than is currently reserved.
because of the uncertainties set forth above, additional liabilities resulting from one insured event, or an accumulation of insured events, may exceed the current related reserves. in addition, our estimate of claims and claim adjustment expenses may change. these additional liabilities or increases in estimates, or a range of either, could vary significantly from period to period, cannot now be reasonably estimated and could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and/or our financial position.
for a discussion of claims and claim adjustment expense reserves by product line, including examples of common factors that can affect required reserves, see "item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations-critical accounting estimates-claims and claim adjustment expense reserves."
during or following a period of financial market disruption or an economic downturn, our business could be materially and adversely affected. worldwide financial markets and economic conditions have, from time to time, experienced significant disruption or deterioration and likely will experience periods of disruption or deterioration in the future. if financial markets experience significant disruption or if economic conditions deteriorate, our results of operations, financial position and/or liquidity likely would be adversely impacted. for example, financial market disruptions and economic downturns in the past have resulted in, among other things, reduced business volume, as well as heightened credit risk and reduced valuations for certain of our investments. an inflationary environment, as a result of government efforts to stabilize the economy after a disruption or otherwise, may also, as we discuss in risk factors above and below, adversely impact our loss costs and the valuation of our investment portfolio.
financial market disruption or an economic downturn could be exacerbated by actual or potential economic and geopolitical instability in many regions of the world. this can impact our business even if we do not conduct business in the region subject to the instability. for example, due to globalization, instability in one region can spread to other regions where we do business.
the united kingdom's withdrawal from the european union could have a negative impact on economic conditions in the united kingdom and could result in unintended consequences in other countries as well. in the united states, actions or inactions of the united states government may also impact economic conditions. for example, actions that may be taken with respect to fiscal stimulus programs, a government shutdown, the debt ceiling, the federal budget, international trade and tariffs, interest rates, the affordable care act, tax laws and regulation generally, among other things, may contribute, positively or negatively, to economic conditions generally and create economic and fiscal uncertainty.
several of the risk factors discussed above and below identify risks that could result from, or be exacerbated by, financial market disruption, an economic slowdown or economic uncertainty. these include risks discussed above related to our estimates of claims and claim adjustment expense reserves, and those discussed below related to our investment portfolio, the competitive environment, emerging claim and coverage issues, reinsurance arrangements, other credit exposures, regulatory developments and the impact of rating agency actions. you should also refer to "item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations," particularly the "outlook" section, for additional information about these risks and the potential impact on our business.
our investment portfolio is subject to credit and interest rate risk, and may suffer reduced or low returns or material realized or unrealized losses.    investment returns are an important part of our overall profitability. fixed maturity and short-term investments comprised approximately 93% of the carrying value of our investment portfolio as of december 31, 2018. changes in interest rates caused by inflation or other factors (inclusive of credit spreads) affect the carrying value of our fixed maturity investments and returns on our fixed maturity and short-term investments. a decline in interest rates reduces the returns available on short-term investments and new fixed maturity investments (including those purchased to re-invest maturities from the existing portfolio), thereby negatively impacting our net investment income, while rising interest rates reduce the market value of existing fixed maturity investments, thereby negatively impacting our book value. at december 31, 2018, the net pre-tax unrealized loss in our fixed income portfolio was $137 million, compared to a pre-tax unrealized gain of $1.38 billion at december 31, 2017, as interest rates increased. any future increases in interest rates (inclusive of credit spreads) would result in an increase in that unrealized loss position, thereby adversely impacting our book value. despite the increase in interest rates in 2018, rates remain at very low levels relative to historical experience, and it is possible that rates may remain at low levels for a prolonged period. the value of our fixed maturity and short-term investments is also subject to the risk that certain investments may default or become impaired due to a deterioration in the financial condition of one or more issuers of the securities held in our portfolio, or due to a deterioration in the financial condition of an insurer that guarantees an issuer's payments of such investments. such defaults and impairments could reduce our net investment income and result in realized investment losses. during an economic downturn, fixed maturity and short-term investments could be subject to a higher risk of default, and our non-fixed income investments could be negatively impacted as well. rapid changes in commodity prices, such as a significant decline in oil prices, could also subject certain of our investments to a higher risk of default.
our fixed maturity investment portfolio is invested, in substantial part, in obligations of states, municipalities and political subdivisions (collectively referred to as the municipal bond portfolio). notwithstanding the relatively low historical rates of default on many of these obligations and notwithstanding that we typically seek to invest in high-credit-quality securities (including those with structural protections such as being secured by dedicated or pledged sources of revenue), our municipal bond portfolio could be subject to default or impairment. in particular:
•   in recent years, many state and local governments have been operating under deficits or projected deficits. the severity and duration of these deficits could have an adverse impact on the collectability and valuation of our municipal bond portfolio. these deficits may be exacerbated by the impact of unfunded pension plan obligations and other postretirement obligations or by declining municipal tax bases and revenues in times of financial stress. the recent tax reform also could lead state and local governments to decrease taxes, which could result in a deterioration of the credit quality of these state and local governments.
•   some municipal bond issuers may be unwilling to increase tax rates, particularly in light of the recent tax reform, or to reduce spending, to fund interest or principal payments on their municipal bonds, or may be unable to access the municipal bond market to fund such payments. the risk of widespread defaults may increase if some issuers voluntarily choose to default, instead of implementing difficult fiscal measures, and the actual or perceived consequences (such as reduced access to capital markets) are less severe than expected.
•   the risk of widespread defaults may also increase if there are changes in legislation that permit states, municipalities and political subdivisions to file for bankruptcy protection where they were not permitted before. in addition, the collectability and valuation of municipal bonds may be adversely affected if there are judicial interpretations in a bankruptcy or other proceeding that lessen the value of structural protections. for example, debtors may challenge the effectiveness of structural protections thought to be provided by municipal securities backed by a dedicated source of
revenue. the collectability and valuation may also be adversely affected if there are judicial interpretations in a bankruptcy or other proceeding that question the payment priority of municipal bonds.
approximately 30% of the fixed maturity portfolio is expected to mature over the next three years (this includes the early redemption of bonds, assuming interest rates (including credit spreads) do not rise significantly by applicable call dates). as a result, even if our investment strategy does not significantly change over the next few years, the overall yield on and composition of our portfolio could be meaningfully impacted by the types of investments available for reinvestment with the proceeds of matured bonds. for example, if yields decrease when we reinvest such proceeds, our future net investment income would be adversely affected. in addition, depending on the specific bonds available for purchase at the time of re-investment, the mix of specific issuers in our fixed-income and municipal bond portfolio will change.
our portfolio has benefited from tax exemptions (such as those related to interest from municipal bonds) and certain other tax laws, including, but not limited to, those governing dividends-received deductions and tax credits. changes in these laws could adversely impact the value of our investment portfolio. see "changes in u.s. tax laws or in the tax laws of other jurisdictions in which we operate could adversely impact us" below.
our investment portfolio includes: residential mortgage-backed securities; collateralized mortgage obligations; pass-through securities and asset-backed securities collateralized by sub-prime mortgages; commercial mortgage-backed securities; and wholly-owned real estate and real estate partnerships, all of which could be adversely impacted by declines in real estate valuations and/or financial market disruption.
we also invest a portion of our assets in equity securities, private equity limited partnerships, hedge funds and real estate partnerships. from time to time, we may also invest in other types of non-fixed maturity investments, including investments with exposure to commodity price risk, such as oil. all of these asset classes are subject to greater volatility in their investment returns than fixed maturity investments. general economic conditions, changes in applicable tax laws and many other factors beyond our control can adversely affect the value of our non-fixed maturity investments and the realization of net investment income, and/or result in realized investment losses. as a result of these factors, we may realize reduced returns on these investments, incur losses on sales of these investments and be required to write down the value of these investments, which could reduce our net investment income and result in realized investment losses. from time to time, the company enters into short positions in u.s. treasury futures contracts to manage the duration of its fixed maturity portfolio, which can result in realized investment losses.
we may, depending on circumstances in the future, including as a result of changes in economic and market conditions, make changes to the mix of investments in our investment portfolio as part of our ongoing efforts to seek appropriate risk-adjusted returns. these changes may impact the duration, volatility and risk of our investment portfolio. for example, the percentage of our investment portfolio consisting of tax-exempt municipal bonds has decreased from 42% to 39% in the past year due, in part, to the impact of the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 on the municipal bond market.
because of the risks set forth above, the value of our investment portfolio could decrease, we could experience reduced net investment income and we could experience realized and/or unrealized investment losses, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and/or liquidity.
our business could be harmed because of our potential exposure to asbestos and environmental claims and related litigation. with regard to asbestos claims, we have received and continue to receive a significant number of asbestos claims. factors underlying these claim filings include continued intensive advertising by lawyers seeking asbestos claimants and the continued focus by plaintiffs on defendants who were not traditionally primary targets of asbestos litigation. the focus on these defendants is primarily the result of the number of traditional asbestos defendants who have sought bankruptcy protection in previous years. the bankruptcy of many traditional defendants has also caused increased settlement demands against those policyholders who are not in bankruptcy but remain in the tort system. currently, in many jurisdictions, those who allege very serious injury and who can present credible medical evidence of their injuries are receiving priority trial settings in the courts, while those who have not shown any credible disease manifestation are having their hearing dates delayed or placed on an inactive docket. this trend of prioritizing claims involving credible evidence of injuries, along with the focus on defendants who were
not traditionally primary targets of asbestos litigation, has contributed to the claims and claim adjustment expense payments we experienced.
we also continue to be involved in coverage litigation concerning a number of policyholders, some of whom have filed for bankruptcy, who in some instances have asserted that all or a portion of their asbestos-related claims are not subject to aggregate limits on coverage. in these instances, policyholders also may assert that each individual bodily injury claim should be treated as a separate occurrence under the policy. it is difficult to predict whether these policyholders will be successful on both issues. to the extent both issues are resolved in a policyholder's favor and our other defenses are not successful, our coverage obligations under the policies at issue would be materially increased and bounded only by the applicable per-occurrence limits and the number of asbestos bodily injury claims against the policyholders. although we have seen a moderation in the overall risk associated with these lawsuits, it remains difficult to predict the ultimate cost of these claims.
further, in addition to claims against policyholders, proceedings have been launched directly against insurers, including us, by individuals challenging insurers' conduct with respect to the handling of past asbestos claims and by individuals seeking damages arising from alleged asbestos-related bodily injuries. it is possible that the filing of other direct actions against insurers, including us, could be made in the future. it is difficult to predict the outcome of these proceedings, including whether the plaintiffs will be able to sustain these actions against insurers based on novel legal theories of liability.
with regard to environmental claims, we have received and continue to receive claims from policyholders who allege that they are liable for injury or damage arising out of their alleged disposition of toxic substances. mostly, these claims arise under various legislative as well as regulatory efforts aimed at environmental remediation. for instance, the comprehensive environmental response, compensation and liability act (cercla), enacted in 1980 and later modified, enables private parties as well as federal and state governments to take action with respect to releases and threatened releases of hazardous substances. this federal statute permits the recovery of response costs from some liable parties and may require liable parties to undertake their own remedial action. liability under cercla and similar state laws may be imposed on certain parties even if they did not cause the release or threatened release of hazardous substances and may be joint and several with other responsible parties.
the company has been, and continues to be, involved in litigation involving insurance coverage issues pertaining to asbestos and environmental claims. the company believes that some court decisions have interpreted the insurance coverage to be broader than the original intent of the insurers and policyholders. these decisions continue to be inconsistent and vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction.
uncertainties surrounding the final resolution of these asbestos and environmental claims continue, and it is difficult to estimate our ultimate liability for such claims and related litigation. as a result, these reserves are subject to revision as new information becomes available and as claims develop. the continuing uncertainties include, without limitation:
•   the risks and lack of predictability inherent in complex litigation;
•   the resolution or adjudication of disputes concerning coverage for asbestos and environmental claims in a manner inconsistent with our previous assessment of these disputes;
•   future developments pertaining to our ability to recover reinsurance for asbestos and environmental claims;
•   the unavailability of other insurance sources potentially available to policyholders, whether through exhaustion of policy limits or through the insolvency of other participating insurers; and
it is also not possible to predict changes in the legal, regulatory and legislative environment and their impact on the future development of asbestos and environmental claims. this environment could be affected by changes in applicable legislation and future court and regulatory decisions and interpretations, including the outcome of legal challenges to legislative and/or judicial reforms establishing medical criteria for the pursuit of asbestos claims. it is also difficult to predict the ultimate outcome of complex coverage disputes until settlement negotiations near completion and significant legal questions are resolved or, failing settlement, until the dispute is adjudicated. this is particularly the case with policyholders in bankruptcy where negotiations often involve a large number of claimants and other parties and require court approval to be effective.
while the ongoing evaluation of asbestos and environmental claims and associated liabilities considers the inconsistencies of court decisions as to coverage, plaintiffs' expanded theories of liability and the risks inherent in complex litigation and other uncertainties, it is possible that the outcome of the continued uncertainties regarding these claims could result in liability in future periods that differs from current reserves by an amount that could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. see the "asbestos claims and litigation" and "environmental claims and litigation" sections of "item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations." also see "item 3-legal proceedings."
the intense competition that we face, and the impact of innovation, technological change and changing customer preferences on the insurance industry and the markets in which we operate, could harm our ability to maintain or increase our business volumes and our profitability. the property and casualty insurance industry is highly competitive, and we believe that it will remain highly competitive for the foreseeable future. we compete with both domestic and foreign insurers, including an increasing number of start-ups, which may offer products at prices and on terms that are not consistent with our economic standards in an effort to maintain or increase their business. the competitive environment in which we operate could also be impacted by current general economic conditions, which could reduce the volume of business available to us as well as to our competitors. in recent years, pension and hedge funds and other entities with substantial available capital and potentially lower return objectives have increasingly sought to participate in the property and casualty insurance and reinsurance businesses. well-capitalized new entrants to the property and casualty insurance and reinsurance industries, existing competitors that receive substantial infusions of capital, as well as competitors that can take advantage of more favorable tax domiciles than the united states, may conduct business in ways that adversely impact our business volumes and profitability. further, an expanded supply of reinsurance capital may lower costs for insurers that rely significantly on reinsurance and, as a consequence, those insurers may be able to price their products more competitively. in addition, the competitive environment could be impacted by changes in customer preferences, including customer demand for direct distribution channels and/or greater choice, not only in personal lines (where we currently and may increasingly compete against direct writers), but also in commercial lines (where direct writers may become a more significant source of competition in the future, particularly in the small commercial market). similarly, customer behavior could evolve in the future towards buying insurance in point-of-sale distribution channels where we do not currently have a meaningful presence. consolidation within the insurance industry also could alter the competitive environment in which we operate, which may impact our business volumes and/or the rates or terms of our products.
in personal insurance, the use of comparative rating technologies has impacted, and may continue to impact, our business as well as the industry as a whole. a substantial amount of the company's personal insurance new business is written after an agent compares quotes using comparative rating technologies, a cost-efficient means of obtaining quotes from multiple companies. because the use of this technology, whether by agents or directly by customers, facilitates the process of generating multiple quotes, the technology has increased price comparison on new business and, increasingly, on renewal business. it also has resulted in an increase in the level of quote activity and a lower percentage of quotes that result in new business from customers, and these trends may continue or accelerate. if we are not able to operate with a competitive cost structure or accurately estimate and price for claims and claim adjustment expenses, our business volume and underwriting margins could be adversely affected over time. additionally, similar technology is starting to be used to access comparative rates for small commercial business and that trend is likely to continue and may accelerate. in recent years, there have been new entrants into the small commercial insurance business and this trend may continue.
technology companies or other third parties have created, and may in the future create, digitally-enabled business models, platforms or alternate distribution channels for personal or commercial business that may adversely impact our competitive position. these technology companies or other third parties may compete with us directly by providing, or arranging to provide, insurance coverage themselves. see also "disruptions to our relationships with our independent agents and brokers could adversely affect us" below.
other technological changes also present competitive risks. for example, innovations, such as telematics and other usage-based methods of determining premiums, can impact product design and pricing and may become an increasingly important competitive factor. in addition, our competitive position could be impacted if we are unable to deploy, in a cost effective manner, technology that collects and analyzes a wide variety of data points (so-called "big data" analysis) to make underwriting or other decisions, or if our competitors collect and use data which we do not have the ability to access or use, or are able to use such data more efficiently and/or effectively than we are able to. see also "our business success and profitability depend, in part, on effective information technology systems and on continuing to develop and implement improvements in technology, particularly as our business processes become more digital" below.
competitive dynamics may impact the success of efforts to improve our underwriting margins on our insurance products. these efforts could include seeking improved rates, as well as improved terms and conditions, and could also include other initiatives, such as reducing operating expenses and acquisition costs. these efforts may not be successful and/or may result in lower retention
and new business levels and therefore lower business volumes. in addition, if our underwriting is not effective, further efforts to increase rates could also lead to "adverse selection", whereby accounts retained have higher losses, and are less profitable, than accounts lost. for more detail, see "item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations-outlook."
similar to other industries, the insurance industry is undergoing rapid and significant technological and other change. traditional insurance industry participants, technology companies, "insurtech" start-up companies, the number of which has increased significantly in recent years and some of which are supported by traditional insurance industry participants, and others are focused on using technology and innovation to simplify and improve the customer experience, increase efficiencies, redesign products, alter business models and effect other potentially disruptive changes in the insurance industry. if we do not anticipate, keep pace with and adapt to technological and other changes impacting the insurance industry, it will harm our ability to compete, decrease the value of our products to customers, and materially and adversely affect our business. furthermore, innovation, technological change and changing customer preferences in the markets in which we operate also pose risks to our business. for example, technologies such as driverless vehicles, assisted-driving or accident prevention technologies, technologies that facilitate ride or home sharing, smart homes or automation could reduce the number of vehicles in use and/or the demand for, or profitability of, certain of our products, create coverage issues or impact the frequency or severity of losses, and we may not be able to respond effectively.
overall, our competitive position in our various businesses is based on many factors, including but not limited to our:
•   ability to profitably price our business, retain existing customers and obtain new business;
•   premiums charged, contract terms and conditions, products and services offered (including the ability to design customized programs);
•   ability to keep pace relative to our competitors with changes in technology and information systems;
•   ability to avoid and mitigate fraudulent claims;
•   ability to provide our products and services in a cost effective manner;
•   ability to provide new products and services to meet changing customer needs;
•   ability to adapt to changes in business models, technology, customer preferences or regulation impacting the markets in which we operate;
•   ability to provide access to the distribution channels preferred by customers and prospective customers;
we may have difficulty in continuing to compete successfully on any of these bases in the future. if competition or technological or other changes to the markets in which we operate limit our ability to retain existing business or write new business at adequate rates or on appropriate terms, our results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. see "competition" sections of the discussion on business segments in "item 1-business."
disruptions to our relationships with our independent agents and brokers or our inability to manage effectively a changing distribution landscape could adversely affect us. we market our insurance products primarily through independent agents and brokers. an important part of our business is written through less than a dozen such intermediaries, as well as other insurance carriers such as geico with which we have had a marketing arrangement for homeowners' business since 1995. further, there has been a trend of increased consolidation by agents and brokers, which could impact our relationships with, and fees paid to, some agents and brokers, and/or otherwise negatively impact the pricing or distribution of our products. agents and brokers may increasingly compete with us to the extent that markets increasingly provide them with direct access to providers of capital seeking exposure to insurance risk or if they become affiliated with carriers that compete with us. see also "the intense competition that we face could harm our ability to maintain or increase our business volumes and our profitability." in all of the foregoing situations, loss of all or a substantial portion of the business provided through such agents and brokers could materially and adversely affect our future business volume and results of operations.
we may also seek to develop new products or distribution channels, which could disrupt our relationships with our agents and brokers. in addition, agents and brokers may create alternate distribution channels for commercial business that may adversely impact product differentiation and pricing. access to greater levels of data and increased utilization of technology by agents and brokers may also impact our relationship with them and our competitive position. our efforts or their efforts with respect to new
products or alternate distribution channels, as well as changes in the way agents and brokers utilize data and technology, could adversely impact our business relationship with independent agents and brokers who currently market our products, resulting in a lower volume and/or profitability of business generated from these sources.
in certain markets, brokers increasingly have been packaging portfolios of risks together and offering them to fewer carriers as well as, in some cases, requesting a commitment to participate in such portfolios in advance. in these and other situations, agents and brokers have an increased influence over policy language and compensation structure which, if we participate on that basis, could adversely impact our ability to profitably manage underwriting risk. it could also lead to commoditization of products, which could increase the focus on price and cost management and decrease our ability to differentiate our products in the marketplace with customers based on other factors.
we rely on internet applications for the marketing and sale of certain of our products, and we may increasingly rely on internet applications and toll-free numbers for distribution. in some instances, our agents and brokers are required to access separate business platforms to execute the sale of our personal insurance or commercial insurance products. should internet disruptions occur, or frustration with our business platforms or distribution initiatives develop among our independent agents and brokers, any resulting loss of business could materially and adversely affect our future business volume and results of operations. see "if we experience difficulties with technology, data and network security (including as a result of cyber attacks), outsourcing relationships or cloud-based technology, our ability to conduct our business could be negatively impacted" below.
customers in the past have brought claims against us for the actions of our agents. even with proper controls in place, actual or alleged errors or inaccuracies by our agents could result in our involvement in disputes, litigation or regulatory actions related to actions taken or not taken by our agents.
we are exposed to, and may face adverse developments involving, mass tort claims such as those relating to exposure to potentially harmful products or substances. in addition to asbestos and environmental claims, we face potential exposure to other types of mass tort claims, including claims related to exposure to potentially harmful products or substances, such as lead paint, silica, talc and opioids. establishing claims and claim adjustment expense reserves for mass tort claims is subject to uncertainties because of many factors, including expanded theories of liability, disputes concerning medical causation with respect to certain diseases, geographical concentration of the lawsuits asserting the claims and the potential for a large rise in the total number of claims without underlying epidemiological developments suggesting an increase in disease rates. moreover, evolving judicial interpretations regarding the application of various tort theories and defenses, including application of various theories of joint and several liabilities, as well as the application of insurance coverage to these claims, make it difficult to estimate our ultimate liability for such claims.
because of the uncertainties set forth above, additional liabilities may arise for amounts in excess of the current related reserves. in addition, our estimate of claims and claim adjustment expenses may change, and such change could be material. these additional liabilities or increases in estimates, or a range of either, cannot now be reasonably estimated and could materially and adversely affect our results of operations.
the effects of emerging claim and coverage issues on our business are uncertain. as industry practices and legal, judicial, social and other environmental conditions change, unexpected and unintended issues related to claim and coverage may emerge. these issues may adversely affect our business, including by extending coverage beyond our underwriting intent, by increasing the number, size or types of claims or by mandating changes to our underwriting practices. examples of such claims and coverage issues include, but are not limited to:
•judicial expansion of policy coverage and the impact of new or expanded theories of liability;
•   plaintiffs targeting property and casualty insurers, including us, in purported class action litigation relating to claims-handling and other practices;
•   claims under directors' &amp; officers' and/or errors and omissions insurance policies relating to losses from involvement in financial market activities; failed financial institutions; fraud; improper sales practices; anti-trust allegations; possible accounting irregularities; and corporate governance issues;
•   claims related to data and network security breaches, information system failures or cyber events, particularly as the "internet of things" becomes more prevalent, including cases where coverage was not intended to be provided;
•   the assertion of "public nuisance" or similar theories of liability, pursuant to which plaintiffs seek to recover monies spent to administer public health care programs, abate hazards to public health and safety and/or recover damages purportedly attributable to a "public nuisance";
•   claims related to liability or workers' compensation arising out of the spread of infectious disease or pandemic;
•   claims that link health issues to particular causes (for example, cumulative traumatic head injury from sports or other causes), resulting in liability or workers' compensation claims;
•   claims alleging that one or more of our underwriting criteria have a disparate impact on persons belonging to a protected class in violation of the law, including the fair housing act;
•   claims arising out of modern techniques and practices used in connection with the extraction of natural resources, such as hydraulic fracturing or wastewater injection;
•   claims relating to potentially changing climate conditions, including higher frequency and severity of weather- related events.
in some instances, these emerging issues may not become apparent for some time after we have issued the affected insurance policies. as a result, the full extent of liability under our insurance policies may not be known for many years after the policies are issued.
in addition, the passage of new legislation designed to expand the right to sue, to remove limitations on recovery, to deem by statute the existence of a covered occurrence, to extend the statutes of limitations or otherwise to repeal or weaken tort reforms could have an adverse impact on our business. for example, the enactment by states of "reviver statutes," including the child victims act which the governor of new york is expected to sign into law in the near future, would allow civil claims to be brought in court that otherwise would have been barred by prior applicable statutes of limitations. other states are also considering similar legislative changes.
we may not be able to collect all amounts due to us from reinsurers, reinsurance coverage may not be available to us in the future at commercially reasonable rates or at all and we are exposed to credit risk related to our structured settlements. although the reinsurer is liable to us to the extent of the ceded reinsurance, we remain liable as the direct insurer on all risks reinsured. as a result, ceded reinsurance arrangements do not eliminate our obligation to pay claims. accordingly, we are subject to credit risk with respect to our ability to recover amounts due from reinsurers.
in the past, certain reinsurers have ceased writing business and entered into runoff. some of our reinsurance claims may be disputed by the reinsurers, and we may ultimately receive partial or no payment. this is a particular risk in the case of claims that relate to insurance policies written many years ago, including those relating to asbestos and environmental claims. in addition, in a number of jurisdictions, particularly the european union and the united kingdom as well as a small number of u.s. states, a reinsurer is permitted to transfer a reinsurance arrangement to another reinsurer, which may be less creditworthy, without a counterparty's consent, provided that the transfer has been approved by the applicable regulatory and/or court authority.
included in reinsurance recoverables are amounts related to certain structured settlements. structured settlements are annuities purchased from various life insurance companies to settle certain personal physical injury claims, of which workers' compensation claims comprise a significant portion. in cases where we did not receive a release from the claimant, the structured settlement is included in reinsurance recoverables and the related claim cost is included in the liability for claims and claim adjustment expense reserves, as we retain the contingent liability to the claimant. some of the life insurance companies from which we have purchased structured settlements have been downgraded to below investment grade credit ratings subsequent to the time of the purchase. if it is expected that the life insurance company is not able to pay, we would recognize an impairment of the related reinsurance recoverable if, and to the extent, the purchased annuities are not covered by state guaranty associations. in the event that the life insurance company fails to make the required annuity payments, we would be required to make such payments. for a discussion of our top reinsurance groups by reinsurance recoverable and the top five groups by amount of structured settlements provided, see "item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations-reinsurance recoverables."
the availability and cost of reinsurance are subject to prevailing market conditions, both in terms of price and available capacity. the availability of reinsurance capacity can be impacted by general economic conditions and conditions in the reinsurance market, such as the occurrence of significant reinsured events. the availability and cost of reinsurance could affect our business volume and profitability. in addition, the covered agreements between the u.s. and each of the eu and u.k. eliminate the requirement
for european and u.k. reinsurers operating in the u.s. to provide collateral in connection with reinsurance agreements, which could make it more difficult for u.s. companies, including us, to obtain sufficient collateral, if any, in such reinsurance arrangements.
because of the risks set forth above, we may not be able to collect all amounts due to us from reinsurers, and reinsurance coverage may not be available to us in the future at commercially reasonable rates or at all, and/or life insurance companies may fail to make required annuity payments, and thus our results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
we are also exposed to credit risk in certain of our insurance operations and with respect to certain guarantee or indemnification arrangements that we have with third parties. in addition to exposure to credit risk related to our investment portfolio and reinsurance recoverables (discussed above), we are exposed to credit risk in several other areas of our business operations, including credit risk relating to policyholders, independent agents and brokers.
we are exposed to credit risk in our surety insurance operations, where we guarantee to a third party that our customer will satisfy certain performance obligations (e.g., a construction contract) or certain financial obligations, including exposure to large customers who may have obligations to multiple third parties. if our customer defaults, we may suffer losses and not be reimbursed by that customer, even though we are entitled to indemnification from such customer. in addition, it is customary practice in the surety business for multiple insurers to participate as co-sureties on large surety bonds. under these arrangements, the co-surety obligations are typically joint and several, in which case we are also exposed to credit risk with respect to our co-sureties.
in addition, a portion of our business is written with large deductible insurance policies. under casualty insurance contracts with deductible features, we are obligated to pay the claimant the full amount of the settled claim. we are subsequently reimbursed by the contractholder for the deductible amount, and, as a result, we are exposed to credit risk to the policyholder. moreover, certain policyholders purchase retrospectively rated workers' compensation and/or general liability policies (i.e., policies in which premiums are adjusted after the policy period based on the actual loss experience of the policyholder during the policy period). retrospectively rated policies expose us to additional credit risk to the extent that the adjusted premium is greater than the original premium.
our efforts to mitigate the credit risk that we have to our insureds may not be successful. to reduce such credit risk, we require certain insureds to post collateral for some or all of these obligations, often in the form of pledged securities such as money market funds or letters of credit provided by banks, surety bonds or cash. in cases where we receive pledged securities and the insureds are unable to honor their obligations, we may be exposed to credit risk on the securities pledged and/or the risk that our access to that collateral may be stayed during an insured's bankruptcy. in cases where we receive letters of credit from banks and the insureds are unable to honor their obligations, we are exposed to the credit risk of the banks that issued the letters of credit.
in accordance with industry practice, when policyholders purchase insurance policies from us through independent agents and brokers, the premiums relating to those policies are often paid to the agents and brokers for payment to us. in most jurisdictions, the premiums will be deemed to have been paid to us whether or not they are actually received by us. consequently, we assume a degree of credit risk associated with amounts due from independent agents and brokers.
to a large degree, the credit risk we face is a function of the economy; accordingly, we face an increased credit risk in an economic downturn. while we attempt to manage the risks discussed above through underwriting guidelines, collateral requirements and other oversight mechanisms, our efforts may not be successful. for example, collateral obtained may subsequently have little or no value. further, the amount of collateral protection we have been able to obtain on the business we write in certain markets has decreased, and may continue to decrease, as a result of competition. we are also exposed to credit risk related to certain guarantee or indemnification arrangements that we have with third parties. see note 16 of notes to the consolidated financial statements. as a result, our exposure to the above credit risks could materially and adversely affect our results of operations.
within the united states, our businesses are heavily regulated by the states in which we conduct business, including licensing, market conduct and financial supervision, and changes in regulation may reduce our profitability and limit our growth. these regulatory systems are generally designed to protect the interests of policyholders, and not necessarily the interests of insurers, their shareholders and other investors. for example, to protect policyholders whose insurance company becomes financially insolvent, guaranty funds have been established in all 50 states to pay the covered claims of policyholders in the event of an insolvency of an insurer, subject to applicable state limits. the funding of guaranty funds is provided through assessments levied against remaining insurers in the marketplace. as a result, the insolvency of one or more insurance companies or an increase in amounts paid by guaranty funds could result in additional assessments levied against us. in addition, many states restrict the timing and/or the ability of an insurer to discontinue writing a line of business or to cancel or non-renew certain policies.
these regulatory systems also address authorization for lines of business, statutory capital and surplus requirements, limitations on the types and amounts of certain investments, underwriting limitations, transactions with affiliates, dividend limitations, changes in control, premium rates and a variety of other financial and non-financial components of an insurer's business including, recently, cyber-security.
the state insurance regulatory framework has been under continuing scrutiny, and some state legislatures have considered or enacted laws that may alter or increase state authority to regulate insurance companies and insurance holding companies. further, the naic and state insurance regulators continually re-examine existing laws and regulations, specifically focusing on modifications to holding company regulations, interpretations of existing laws and the development of new laws and regulations.
as part of these changes, insurance holding company regulations were amended to require insurers who are part of a holding company system to file an enterprise risk report to provide the lead insurance regulator with a summary of the company's enterprise risk management (erm) framework, including the material risks within the insurance holding company system that could pose risk to the insurance entities within the holding company system. insurers having premium volume above certain thresholds, including the company, are also required to perform at least annually a self-assessment of their current and future risks, including their likely future solvency position (known as an own risk and solvency assessment or orsa) and file a confidential report with the insurer's lead insurance regulator. the requirement for an insurer to conduct an orsa is intended to foster an effective level of erm at all insurers within a holding company system, and to provide a group-wide perspective on risk and capital as a supplement to the legal entity view. orsa is now included in the international association of insurance supervisors (iais) standards and is in various stages of implementation in the united states, europe, canada, and other jurisdictions. it is possible that, as a result of orsa and the manner in which it may be used by insurance regulators, our states of domicile or other regulatory bodies may require changes in our erm process (e.g., prescribe the use of specific models or the application of certain assumptions in the company's models) that have the effect of limiting our ability to write certain risks, limit our risk appetite to write additional business or reduce our capital management flexibility. see "enterprise risk management" for further discussion of the company's erm.
the naic and state insurance regulators, as well as the federal reserve and federal insurance office, are currently working with the iais to develop a global common framework (comframe) for the supervision of internationally active insurance groups (iaigs). if adopted, comframe would require the designation of a group-wide supervisor (regulator) for each iaig and would impose a group capital requirement that would be applied to an iaig in addition to the current legal entity capital requirements imposed by state insurance laws and regulations. in response to comframe, the naic developed a model law that allows state insurance regulators in the u.s. to be designated as group-wide supervisors for u.s.-based iaigs. additionally, the naic is developing a group capital analytical tool that would be applied to u.s.-based insurance groups in addition to the risk-based capital (rbc) requirement that is applied on a legal entity basis. these regulatory developments could increase the amount of capital that the company is required to have and could result in the company being subject to increased regulatory requirements.
states may choose to adopt more restrictive insurance laws and regulations that could, among other things, restrict the ability of insurance subsidiaries to distribute funds to their parent companies or they could reject rate increases due to the economic environment. the state insurance regulators may also increase the statutory capital and surplus requirements for our insurance subsidiaries. in addition, state tax laws that specifically impact the insurance industry, such as premium taxes or other taxes, could be enacted or changed by states to raise revenues.
on december 22, 2017, the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 (tcja) was signed into law. this is the first major revision of the u.s. tax code since 1986 and its ultimate impact is uncertain. for example, some elected federal and state officials and regulators have criticized the new law and may attempt to take legal, legislative, or regulatory actions designed to change the tcja's impact. the treasury department is in the process of finalizing regulations regarding the tcja and we expect several important areas of regulation to be finalized in 2019.
a downgrade in our claims-paying and financial strength ratings could adversely impact our business volumes, adversely impact our ability to access the capital markets and increase our borrowing costs. claims-paying and financial strength ratings are important to an insurer's competitive position. rating agencies periodically review insurers' ratings and change their ratings criteria; therefore, our current ratings may not be maintained in the future. a downgrade in one or more of our ratings could
negatively impact our business volumes because demand for certain of our products may be reduced, particularly because many customers may require that we maintain minimum ratings to enter into, maintain or renew business with us. additionally, we may find it more difficult to access the capital markets and we may incur higher borrowing costs. if significant losses, including, but not limited to, those resulting from one or more major catastrophes, or significant reserve additions or significant investment losses were to cause our capital position to deteriorate significantly, or if one or more rating agencies substantially increase their capital requirements, we may need to raise equity capital in the future (which we may not be able to do at a reasonable cost or at all, especially at a time of financial market disruption) in order to maintain our ratings or limit the extent of a downgrade. a continued trend of more frequent and severe weather-related or other catastrophes or a prolonged financial market disruption or economic downturn may lead rating agencies to substantially increase their capital requirements. see also "during or following a period of financial market disruption or economic downturn, our business could be materially and adversely affected." for further discussion about our ratings, see "item 1-business-ratings."
the inability of our insurance subsidiaries to pay dividends to our holding company in sufficient amounts would harm our ability to meet our obligations, pay future shareholder dividends and/or make future share repurchases. our holding company relies on dividends from our u.s. insurance subsidiaries to meet our obligations for payment of interest and principal on outstanding debt, to pay dividends to shareholders, to make contributions to our qualified domestic pension plan, to pay other corporate expenses and to make share repurchases. the ability of our insurance subsidiaries to pay dividends to our holding company in the future will depend on their statutory capital and surplus, earnings and regulatory restrictions.
we are subject to state insurance regulation as an insurance holding company system. our u.s. insurance subsidiaries are subject to various regulatory restrictions that limit the maximum amount of dividends available to be paid to their parent without prior approval of insurance regulatory authorities. in a time of prolonged economic downturn or otherwise, insurance regulators may choose to further restrict the ability of insurance subsidiaries to make payments to their parent companies. the ability of our insurance subsidiaries to pay dividends to our holding company is also restricted by regulations that set standards of solvency that must be met and maintained.
the inability of our insurance subsidiaries to pay dividends to our holding company in an amount sufficient to meet our debt service obligations and other cash requirements could harm our ability to meet our obligations, to pay future shareholder dividends and to make share repurchases.
our efforts to develop new products, expand in targeted markets or improve business processes and workflows may not be successful and may create enhanced risks. from time to time, to protect and grow market share and/or improve our efficiency, we invest in strategic initiatives to:
•   change our underwriting processes;
•   improve business processes and workflow to increase efficiencies and productivity and to enhance the experience of our customers and distributors;
•   enter geographic markets within or outside of the united states where we have had relatively little or no market share.
•   new products and expansion into new markets may change our risk exposures, and the data and models we use to manage such exposures may not be as effective as those we use in existing markets or with existing products;
•   models underlying automated underwriting and pricing decisions may not be effective;
•   efforts to develop new products or markets and to change commission terms may create or increase distribution channel conflict, such as described above under "-disruptions to our relationships with our independent agents and brokers could adversely affect us;"
•   in connection with the conversion of existing policyholders to a new product, some policyholders' pricing may increase while the pricing for other policyholders may decrease, the net impact of which could negatively impact retention and profit margins; and
these efforts may require us to make substantial expenditures, which may negatively impact results in the near term, and if not successful, could materially and adversely affect our results of operations.
we may be adversely affected if our pricing and capital models provide materially different indications than actual results. the profitability of our property and casualty business substantially depends on the extent to which our actual claims experience is consistent with the assumptions we use in pricing our policies. we utilize proprietary and third party models to help us price business in a manner that is intended to be consistent, over time, with actual results and return objectives. we incorporate the company's historical loss experience, external industry and other data, and economic indices into our modeling processes, and we use various methods, including predictive modeling, forecasting and sophisticated simulation modeling techniques, to analyze loss trends and the risks associated with our assets and liabilities. we also use these modeling processes, analyses and methods in making underwriting, pricing and reinsurance decisions as part of managing our exposure to catastrophes and other extreme adverse events. these modeling processes incorporate numerous assumptions and forecasts about the future level and variability of the frequency and severity of losses, inflation, interest rates and capital requirements, among others, that are difficult to make and may differ materially from actual results.
whether we use a proprietary or third-party model, future experience may be materially different from past and current experience incorporated in a model's forecasts or simulations. this includes the likelihood of events occurring or continuing or the correlation among events. third-party models may provide substantially different indications than what our proprietary modeling processes provide. as a result, third-party model estimates of losses can be, and often have been, materially different for similar events in comparison to our proprietary estimates. the differences between third-party model estimates and our proprietary estimates are driven by the use of different data sets as well as different assumptions and forecasts regarding the frequency and severity of events and claims arising from the events. in addition, as the number of third-party models increases, it becomes more difficult to validate and manage such models as they evolve over time, and the risk associated with assimilating the output from such models into our decisions increases.
if we fail to appropriately price the risks we insure or fail to change our pricing models to appropriately reflect our experience, or if our claims experience is more frequent or severe than our underlying risk assumptions, for example due to changes in behavior such as distracted driving, our profit margins may be negatively affected. if we underestimate the frequency and/or severity of extreme adverse events occurring, our financial condition may be adversely affected. if we overestimate the risks we are exposed to, we may overprice our products, and new business growth and retention of our existing business may be adversely affected. see "item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations-catastrophe modeling."
our business success and profitability depend, in part, on effective information technology systems and on continuing to develop and implement improvements in technology, particularly as our business processes become more digital. we depend in large part on our technology systems for conducting business and processing claims, as well as for providing the data and analytics we utilize to manage our business. as a result, our business success is dependent on maintaining the effectiveness of existing technology systems and on continuing to develop and enhance technology systems that support our business processes and strategic initiatives in a cost and resource efficient manner, particularly as our business processes become more digital. some system development projects are long-term in nature, may negatively impact our expense ratios as we invest in the projects and may cost more than we expect to complete. in addition, system development projects may not deliver the benefits or perform as expected, or may be replaced or become obsolete more quickly than expected, which could result in operational difficulties, additional costs or accelerated recognition of expenses. if we do not effectively and efficiently manage and upgrade our technology portfolio, or if the costs of doing so are higher than we expect, our ability to provide competitive services to, and conduct business with, new and existing customers in a cost effective manner and our ability to implement our strategic initiatives could be adversely impacted.
if we experience difficulties with technology, data and network security (including as a result of cyber attacks), outsourcing relationships or cloud-based technology, our ability to conduct our business could be negatively impacted. while technology can streamline many business processes and ultimately reduce the cost of operations, technology initiatives present significant risks. our business is highly dependent upon our employees' ability to perform, in an efficient and uninterrupted fashion, necessary business functions. a shut-down of, or inability to access, one or more of our facilities (including our primary data processing facility); a power outage; or a failure of one or more of our information technology, telecommunications or other systems could significantly impair our ability to perform such functions on a timely basis, particularly if such an interruption lasts for an extended period of time. in the event of a computer virus or disaster such as a natural catastrophe, terrorist or other attack or industrial accident, our systems could be inaccessible for an extended period of time. in addition, because our information technology and telecommunications systems increasingly interface with and depend on third-party systems, including cloud-based, we could experience service denials or failures of controls if demand for our service exceeds capacity or a third-party system fails or experiences an interruption. business interruptions and failures of controls could also result if our internal systems do not interface with each other as intended or if changes to such systems are not effectively implemented. business continuity can also be disrupted by an event, such as a pandemic, that renders large numbers of a workforce unable to work as needed, particularly at
critical locations; for example, our largest location employs about 20% of our employees. if our business continuity plans did not sufficiently address a business interruption, system failure or service denial, this could result in a deterioration of our ability to write and process new and renewal business, provide customer service, pay claims in a timely manner or perform other necessary business functions.
our operations rely on the reliable and secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential and other information in our computer systems and networks. computer viruses, hackers (including individuals, organizations or rogue states) and employee or vendor misconduct, and other external hazards, could expose our data systems to security breaches, cyber-attacks or other disruptions. increased use of data supplied by third parties in our business increases our exposure to this risk. in addition, we routinely transmit and receive personal, confidential and proprietary information by e-mail and other electronic means. while we attempt to develop secure transmission capabilities with third-party vendors and others with whom we do business, we may be unable to put in place secure capabilities with all of such vendors and third parties and, in addition, these third parties may not have appropriate controls in place to protect the confidentiality of the information.
like other global companies, our computer systems are regularly subject to and will continue to be the target of computer viruses, malware or other malicious codes (including ransomware), unauthorized access, cyber-attacks or other computer-related penetrations. while we have experienced threats to our data and systems, to date, we are not aware that we have experienced a material cyber-security breach. however, over time, the sophistication of these threats continues to increase. our administrative and technical controls as well as other preventative actions we take to reduce the risk of cyber incidents and protect our information may be insufficient to detect or prevent unauthorized access, other physical and electronic break-ins, cyber-attacks or other security breaches to our computer systems or those of third parties with whom we do business. in addition, new technology that could result in greater operational efficiency may further expose our computer systems to the risk of cyber-attacks. our increased use of open source software, cloud technology and software as a service can make it more difficult to identify and remedy such situations due to the disparate location of code utilized in our operations.
we have outsourced certain technology and business process functions to third parties and may increasingly do so in the future. if we do not effectively develop, implement and monitor our outsourcing relationships, if third party providers do not perform as anticipated, if we experience technological or other problems with a transition, or if outsourcing relationships relevant to our business process functions are terminated, we may not realize expected productivity improvements or cost efficiencies and may experience operational difficulties, increased costs and a loss of business. our outsourcing of certain technology and business process functions to third parties may expose us to increased risk related to data security, service disruptions or the effectiveness of our control system, which could result in monetary and reputational damages or harm to our competitive position. these risks could increase as vendors increasingly offer cloud-based software services rather than software services which can be run within our data centers or as we choose to move additional functions to the cloud. see also "we could be adversely affected if our controls designed to ensure compliance with guidelines, policies and legal and regulatory standards are not effective." in addition to risks caused by third party providers, our ability to receive services from third-party providers outside of the united states might be impacted by cultural differences, political instability, unanticipated regulatory requirements or public policy inside or outside of the united states.
the increased risks identified above could expose us to data loss or manipulation, disruption of service, monetary and reputational damages, competitive disadvantage and significant increases in compliance costs and costs to improve the security and resiliency of our computer systems. the compromise of personal, confidential or proprietary information could also subject us to legal liability or regulatory action under evolving cyber-security, data protection and privacy laws and regulations enacted by the u.s. federal and state governments, canada, the european union or other jurisdictions or by various regulatory organizations or exchanges. as an example, the european general data protection regulation became applicable in all european union member states beginning may 25, 2018. this regulation adds a broad array of requirements for handling personal data and could impose a fine of up to 4% of global annual revenue for violations. it and similar regulations could result in increased compliance costs and potential fines for non-compliance being imposed on us or our insureds. as a result, our ability to conduct our business and our results of operations might be materially and adversely affected.
we are also subject to a number of additional risks associated with our business outside the united states. we conduct business outside the united states primarily in canada, the united kingdom and the republic of ireland. in addition, we conduct business in brazil, primarily through a joint venture, and we have an indirect interest in a joint venture in colombia. we may also explore opportunities in other countries, including other latin american countries and other emerging markets such as india.
in conducting business outside of the united states, we are also subject to a number of additional risks, particularly in emerging economies. these risks include restrictions such as price controls, capital controls, currency exchange limits, ownership limits and other restrictive or anti-competitive governmental actions or requirements, which could have an adverse effect on our business
and our reputation. a portion of our premiums from outside of the united states is generated in canada, a substantial portion of which consists of automobile premiums from the province of ontario, which is a highly regulated market that can result in rate inadequacy. our business activities outside the united states may also subject us to currency risk and, in some markets, it may be difficult to effectively hedge that risk, or we may choose not to hedge that risk. in addition, in some markets, we may invest as part of a joint venture with a local counterparty. because our governance rights may be limited, we may not have control over the ability of the joint venture to make certain decisions and/or mitigate risks it faces, and significant disagreements with a joint venture counterparty may adversely impact our investment and/or reputation. our business activities outside the united states could subject us to increased volatility in earnings resulting from the need to recognize and subsequently revise a valuation allowance associated with income taxes if we became unable to fully utilize any deferred tax assets, including loss carry-forwards from those foreign operations. also, political instability, particularly in emerging economies, and changing market conditions around the globe, could result in financial market disruption or an economic downturn in such regions. the u.k.'s withdrawal from the european union, for example, could have economic impacts such as inflation and decreased gdp in the u.k. and in regions that trade with the u.k.
our business activities outside the united states also subject us to additional domestic and foreign laws and regulations, including the foreign corrupt practices act and similar laws in other countries that prohibit the making of improper payments to foreign officials. although we have policies and controls in place that are designed to ensure compliance with these laws, if those controls are ineffective and/or an employee or intermediary fails to comply with applicable laws and regulations, we could suffer civil and criminal penalties and our business and our reputation could be adversely affected. some countries, particularly emerging economies, have laws and regulations that lack clarity and, even with local expertise and effective controls, it can be difficult to determine the exact requirements of, and potential liability under, the local laws. in some jurisdictions, including brazil, parties to a joint venture may, in some circumstances, have liability for some obligations of the venture, and that liability may extend beyond the capital invested. failure to comply with local laws in a particular market may result in substantial liability and could have a significant and negative effect not only on our business in that market but also on our reputation generally.
in addition, competition for skilled employees in developing markets and other non-u.s. locations may be intense. if we are not able to hire, integrate, motivate and retain a sufficient number of employees with the knowledge and background necessary for our global businesses, those businesses and our results of operations may be adversely affected.
regulatory changes outside of the united states, including in canada, the u.k., the republic of ireland and the european union, could adversely impact our results of operations and limit our growth. insurance laws or regulations that are adopted or amended in jurisdictions outside the u.s. may be more restrictive than current laws or regulations and may result in lower revenues and/or higher costs of compliance and thus could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and limit our growth.
in particular, the european union's executive body, the european commission, implemented new capital adequacy and risk management regulations called solvency ii on january 1, 2016 that apply to the company's businesses across the european union. under solvency ii, it is possible that the u.s. parent of a european union subsidiary could be subject to certain solvency ii requirements if the regulator determines that the subsidiary's capital position is dependent on the parent company and the u.s. parent is not already subject to regulations deemed "equivalent" to solvency ii. in addition, regulators in countries where the company has operations are working with the international association of insurance supervisors (iais) (and with the naic, the federal reserve and fio in the u.s.) to consider changes to insurance company supervision, including group supervision and group capital requirements.
the iais has developed a methodology for identifying "global systemically important insurers" (g-siis) and high level policy measures that will apply to the g-siis. the methodology and measures were endorsed by the financial stability board (fsb) created by the g-20. using the iais methodology, the fsb, working with national authorities and the iais, identified nine insurers in november 2016 that they designated as g-siis. the iais is working on the policy measures which include higher capital requirements and enhanced supervision. the company has not been designated as a g-sii by the fsb; however, the fsb updates the list annually, and it is possible that the methodologies could be amended or interpreted differently in the future and the company could be named as a g-sii.
the iais is also in the process of developing the common framework for the supervision of internationally active insurance groups (comframe). as the current draft of comframe is completed, it likely will lead to similar policy measures as those being developed for g-siis being made applicable to internationally active insurance groups (or "iaigs"), including group supervision, group capital requirements, and resolution planning, i.e., a written plan developed by a financial group detailing how it would be wound down in the event of an insolvency. the iais is currently in the process of field testing the group capital requirements. the company would be considered an internationally active insurance group under the current consultation draft. it is possible
that comframe, if adopted, could lead to enhanced supervision and higher capital standards on a global basis if the iais, the naic and the individual states adopt the proposed or similar provisions.
the u.s. department of the treasury and the office of the u.s. trade representative have signed covered agreements (the covered agreements) regarding prudential (solvency) insurance and reinsurance measures with each of the eu and the u.k. the covered agreements include three areas of prudential insurance supervision: reinsurance contracts, group supervision, and the exchange of information between u.s. and u.k. regulators and between u.s. and eu regulators on insurers and reinsurers that operate in the u.s., u.k. and eu markets. the covered agreement with the eu went into effect in april 2018, while the covered agreement with the u.k. will take full effect at the earlier of the satisfaction of certain conditions or the u.k.'s exit from the eu. the covered agreements are intended to promote cooperation between u.s. insurance regulators and eu and u.k. insurance regulators and to limit the ability of the eu and the u.k. to apply solvency and group capital requirements to the worldwide operations of any u.s. insurer operating in the eu or u.k. it is possible that individual members of the eu could differ in how they adopt or implement the covered agreement, resulting in greater regulation and higher capital standards as well as inconsistent regulatory requirements among the jurisdictions that the company does business.
while it is not yet known how or if these actions will impact us, such regulation could result in increased costs of compliance, increased disclosure and less flexibility in our capital management, and could adversely impact our results of operations and limit our growth.
loss of or significant restrictions on the use of particular types of underwriting criteria, such as credit scoring, or other data or methodologies, in the pricing and underwriting of our products could reduce our future profitability. our underwriting profitability depends in large part on our ability to competitively price our products at a level that will adequately compensate us for the risks assumed. as a result, risk selection and pricing through the application of actuarially sound and segmented underwriting criteria is critical. however, laws or regulations, or judicial or administrative findings, could significantly curtail the use of particular types of underwriting criteria. for example, we may use credit scoring as a factor in pricing decisions where allowed by state law. some consumer groups and/or regulators have alleged that the use of credit scoring violates the law by discriminating against persons belonging to a protected class and are calling for the prohibition or restrictions on the use of credit scoring in underwriting and pricing. a variety of other underwriting criteria and other data or methodologies used in personal and commercial insurance have been and continue to be criticized by regulators, government agencies, consumer groups or individuals on similar or other grounds. resulting regulatory actions or litigation could result in negative publicity and/or generate adverse rules or findings, such as curtailing the use of important underwriting criteria, or other data or methodologies, each of which could adversely affect our future profitability.
acquisitions and integration of acquired businesses may result in operating difficulties and other unintended consequences. from time to time we may pursue acquisition opportunities if we believe that such opportunities are consistent with our long-term objectives and that the potential rewards of an acquisition justify the risks. the process of integrating an acquired company or business can be complex and costly, however, and may create unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures. for example, acquisitions may present significant risks, including:
•   the ineffective integration of, or other difficulties with, underwriting, risk management, claims handling, information technology and actuarial practices;
•   uncertainties related to an acquiree's reserve estimates and its design and operation of internal controls over financial reporting;
•   the diversion of management time and resources to acquisition integration challenges;
•   unforeseen liabilities;
•   difficulties in achieving the strategic objectives of an acquisition, including the business, financial, technological or distribution objectives;
•   the cultural challenges associated with integrating employees; and
•   the impact on our financial position and/or credit ratings.
the expected benefits of acquired businesses may not be realized, any cost savings and other synergies anticipated from the acquisition may not be achieved and costs associated with the integration may be greater than anticipated. acquired businesses may not be successfully integrated, resulting in substantial costs or delays and adversely affecting our ability to compete. accordingly, our results of operations might be materially and adversely affected.
we could be adversely affected if our controls designed to ensure compliance with guidelines, policies and legal and regulatory standards are not effective. our business is highly dependent on our ability to engage on a daily basis in a large number of insurance underwriting, claim processing and investment activities, many of which are highly complex. these activities often are subject to internal guidelines and policies, as well as legal and regulatory standards. a control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance that the control system's objectives will be met. if our controls are not effective, it could lead to financial loss, unanticipated risk exposure (including underwriting, credit and investment risk), errors in financial reporting or damage to our reputation. see also "if we experience difficulties with technology, data and network security (including as a result of cyber attacks), outsourcing relationships, or cloud-based technology, our ability to conduct our business could be negatively impacted."
in addition, ineffective controls, including with respect to any joint ventures or recently acquired businesses, could lead to litigation or regulatory action. the volume of claims and amount of damages and penalties claimed in litigation and regulatory proceedings against various types of financial institutions have increased over time. substantial legal liability or significant regulatory action against us could have a material adverse financial impact. see note 16 of notes to our consolidated financial statements for a discussion of certain legal proceedings in which we are involved.
our businesses may be adversely affected if we are unable to hire and retain qualified employees. there is significant competition from within the property and casualty insurance industry and from businesses outside the industry for qualified employees, especially those in key positions and those possessing highly specialized knowledge in areas such as underwriting, data and analytics, technology and e-commerce. our performance is largely dependent on the talents, efforts and proper conduct of highly-skilled individuals, including our senior executives (many of whom have decades of experience in the insurance industry), and the board of directors regularly engages in succession discussions. see "item 10-directors, executive officers and corporate governance" for more information relating to our executive officers, including our senior leaders. for many of our senior positions, we compete for talent not just with insurance or financial service companies, but with other large companies and other businesses. our continued ability to compete effectively in our businesses and to expand into new business areas depends on our ability to attract new employees and to retain and motivate our existing employees. if we are not able to successfully attract, retain and motivate our employees, our business, financial results and reputation could be materially and adversely affected.
intellectual property is important to our business, and we may be unable to protect and enforce our own intellectual property or we may be subject to claims for infringing the intellectual property of others. our success depends in part upon our ability to protect our proprietary trademarks, technology and other intellectual property. see "item 1-other information-intellectual property." we may not, however, be able to protect our intellectual property from unauthorized use and disclosure by others. further, the intellectual property laws may not prevent our competitors from independently developing trademarks, products and services that are similar to ours. moreover, the agreements we execute to protect our intellectual property rights may be breached, and we may not have adequate remedies in response. our attempts to patent or register our intellectual property rights in the u.s. and worldwide may not succeed initially or may later be challenged by third parties. further, the laws of certain countries outside the united states may not adequately protect our intellectual property rights. we may incur significant costs in our efforts to protect and enforce our intellectual property, including the initiation of expensive and protracted litigation, and we may not prevail. any inability to enforce our intellectual property rights could have a material adverse effect on our business and our ability to compete.
we may be subject to claims by third parties from time to time that our products, services and technologies infringe on their intellectual property rights. in recent years, certain entities have acquired patents in order to allege claims of infringement against companies, including in some cases, us. any intellectual property infringement claims brought against us could cause us to spend significant time and money to defend ourselves, regardless of the merits of the claims. if we are found to infringe any third-party intellectual property rights, it could result in reputational harm, payment of significant monetary damages, payment of license fees (if licenses are even available to us, on reasonable terms or otherwise) and/or substantial time and expense to redesign our products, services or technologies to avoid the infringement. in addition, we use third party software in some of our products, services and technologies. if any of our software vendors or licensors are faced with infringement claims, we may lose our ability to use such software until the dispute is resolved. if we cannot successfully redesign an infringing product, service or technology (or procure a substitute version), this could have a material adverse effect on our business and our ability to compete.
changes in federal regulation could impose significant burdens on us and otherwise adversely impact our results. the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act of 2010 (the dodd-frank act) established a federal insurance office (fio) within the u.s. department of the treasury. the fio has limited regulatory authority and is empowered to gather data and information regarding the insurance industry and insurers, but it has in the past recommended an expanded federal role in some circumstances. the dodd-frank act also gives the federal reserve supervisory authority over a number of nonbank financial services holding companies, including insurance companies, if they are designated by a two-thirds vote of a financial stability oversight council (the fsoc) as "systemically important financial institutions" (sifi) or own a bank or thrift. the
company, based upon the fsoc's rules and interpretive guidance, has not been designated as a sifi and is not subject to regulation by the federal reserve. in addition, the federal reserve is moving away from sifi designations and we do not expect any new designations in the near future. nonetheless, it is possible that fsoc may change its rules or interpretations in the future and conclude that we are a sifi. if we were designated as a sifi, the federal reserve's supervisory authority could include the ability to impose heightened financial regulation and could impact requirements regarding our capital, liquidity and leverage as well as our business and investment conduct. the dodd-frank act also authorizes assessments to pay for the resolution of sifi's that have become insolvent. we (as a financial company with more than $50 billion in assets) could be assessed, and although any such assessment is required to be risk weighted (i.e., riskier firms pay more), such costs could be material to us and are not currently estimable. as a result of the foregoing, the dodd-frank act, including any changes thereto as a result of its current re-evaluation or otherwise, or other additional federal regulation that is adopted in the future, could impose additional burdens on us, including impacting the ways in which we conduct our business, increasing compliance costs and duplicating state regulation, and could result in a competitive disadvantage, particularly relative to other competitors that may not be subject to the same level of regulation.
even if we are not subject to additional regulation by the federal government, significant financial sector regulatory reform could have a significant impact on us. for example, regulatory reform could have an unexpected impact on our rights as a creditor or on our competitive position. the current administration is reviewing rules and regulations across the entire federal regulatory spectrum, including treasury, the sec, the department of transportation, the department of labor and other agencies, as well as treaty relationships with parties to the north american free trade agreement. the u.s. entered into an agreement with canada and mexico to replace the north american free trade agreement with the united states mexico canada agreement (usmca). the usmca must be approved by the legislatures of all three countries in 2019. we expect executive action on regulatory changes to continue in 2019 and beyond.
changes in u.s. tax laws or in the tax laws of other jurisdictions in which we operate could adversely impact us. tax laws may change in ways that adversely impact us, including increasing the statutory u.s. federal corporate income tax rate. alternatively, federal tax legislation could be enacted to further reduce the existing statutory u.s. federal corporate income tax rate from 21%, which would, accordingly, reduce any u.s. net deferred tax asset. the amount of any net deferred tax asset is volatile and significantly impacted by changes in unrealized investment gains and losses. the effect of a reduction in a tax rate on net deferred tax assets is required to be recognized, in full, as a reduction of income from continuing operations in the period when enacted and, along with other changes in the tax rules that may increase the company's actual tax expense, could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. in addition, a reduction in the existing statutory u.s. federal corporate income tax rate could increase the after-tax effect of future significant loss events and our after-tax borrowing costs. additional uncertainties exist with respect to potential technical corrections, final regulations and other clarifications to the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017.
our investment portfolio has benefited from certain tax exemptions and certain other tax laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, those governing dividends-received deductions and tax credits. federal and/or state tax legislation could be enacted in connection with deficit reduction or various types of fundamental tax reform that would lessen or eliminate some or all of the tax advantages currently benefiting us and therefore could materially and adversely impact our results of operations. in addition, such legislation could adversely affect the value of our investment portfolio, particularly changes to the taxation of interest from municipal bonds (which comprise 39% of our investment portfolio as of december 31, 2018), which could materially and adversely impact the value of those bonds.
other tax law changes could materially and adversely impact our results of operations. for example, budget constraints faced by many states and localities increase the likelihood that state and local governments will raise revenue by enacting legislation increasing the taxes paid by individuals and corporations.
item 7.         management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following is a discussion and analysis of the company's financial condition and results of operations.
2018 consolidated financial condition
•   total investments of $72.28 billion; fixed maturities and short-term securities comprise 93% of total investments
•   total debt of $6.56 billion, resulting in a debt-to-total capital ratio of 22.3% (22.2% excluding net unrealized investment losses, net of tax, included in shareholders' equity)
•   shareholders' equity of $22.89 billion
•   holding company liquidity of $1.42 billion
amortization of deferred acquisition costs                                       4,381               4,166               3,985
underwriting expense ratio                                                        30.1                30.7                31.5
overview diluted net income per share of $9.28 in 2018 increased by 27% over diluted net income per share of $7.33 in 2017. net income of $2.52 billion in 2018 increased by 23% over net income of $2.06 billion in 2017. the higher rate of increase in diluted net income per share reflected the impact of share repurchases in recent periods. the increase in income before income taxes primarily reflected the pre-tax impacts of (i) lower catastrophe losses, (ii) higher underwriting margins excluding catastrophe losses and prior year reserve development ("underlying underwriting margins") and (iii) higher net investment income, partially offset by (iv) lower net realized investment gains and (v) lower net favorable prior year reserve development. catastrophe losses in 2018 and 2017 were $1.72 billion and $1.95 billion, respectively. net favorable prior year reserve development in 2018 and 2017 was $517 million and $592 million, respectively. the higher underlying underwriting margins primarily resulted from the impacts of (i) earned pricing that exceeded loss cost trends in personal insurance, (ii) a lower level of international surety losses in bond & specialty insurance and (iii) higher business volumes, partially offset by (iv) higher loss estimates in the commercial automobile product line for bodily injury liability coverages in business insurance and (v) higher non-catastrophe weather-related losses and non-weather related losses in personal insurance. income tax expense in 2018 was lower than in 2017, primarily reflecting the impacts of (i) the lower u.s. corporate income tax rate resulting from the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 (tcja) and (ii) a net charge of $129 million in 2017 to reflect the change in tax laws and tax rates enacted in the u.s. on december 22, 2017 as part of the tcja resulting primarily from revaluing the company's deferred tax assets and liabilities and the tax imposed on accumulated foreign earnings, partially offset by (iii) the increase in income before income taxes and (iv) the $39 million reduction in income tax expense in 2017 as a result of the resolution of prior year tax matters.
diluted net income per share of $7.33 in 2017 decreased by 29% from diluted net income per share of $10.28 in 2016. net income of $2.06 billion in 2017 decreased by 32% from net income of $3.01 billion in 2016. the lower rate of decrease in diluted net income per share reflected the impact of share repurchases in recent periods. the decrease in income before income taxes primarily reflected the pre-tax impacts of (i) significantly higher catastrophe losses, (ii) lower net favorable prior year reserve development, (iii) lower underlying underwriting margins and (iv) lower other income in 2017 due to a favorable settlement of a reinsurance dispute in 2016, partially offset by (v) higher net realized investment gains and (vi) higher net investment income. catastrophe losses in 2017 and 2016 were $1.95 billion and $877 million, respectively. net favorable prior year reserve development in 2017 and 2016 was $592 million and $771 million, respectively. the lower underlying underwriting margins primarily resulted from the impacts of (i) loss cost trends that modestly exceeded earned pricing in business insurance, (ii) higher non-catastrophe fire-related losses in business insurance and (iii) higher non-catastrophe weather-related losses in personal insurance, partially offset by (iv) increased business volumes. income tax expense in 2017 was lower than in 2016, primarily reflecting the impacts of (i) the decrease in income before income taxes, partially offset by (ii) the net charge of $129 million in 2017 related to the impact of the tcja described above. in addition, income tax expense in 2017 was reduced by $39 million as a result of the resolution of prior year tax matters.
the company has insurance operations in canada, the united kingdom, the republic of ireland and throughout other parts of the world as a corporate member of lloyd's, as well as in brazil and colombia, primarily through joint ventures. because these operations are conducted in local currencies other than the u.s. dollar, the company is subject to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, changes in foreign currency exchange rates impacted reported line items in the statement of income by insignificant amounts. the impact of these changes was not material to the company's net income or segment income for the periods reported.
revenues earned premiums earned premiums in 2018 were $27.06 billion, $1.38 billion or 5% higher than in 2017. in business insurance, earned premiums in 2018 increased by 4% over 2017. in bond & specialty insurance, earned premiums in 2018 increased by 5% over 2017. in personal insurance, earned premiums in 2018 increased by 7% over 2017. earned premiums in 2017 were $25.68 billion, $1.15 billion or 5% higher than in 2016. in business insurance, earned premiums in 2017 increased by 2% over 2016. in bond & specialty insurance, earned premiums in 2017 increased by 2% over 2016. in personal insurance, earned premiums in 2017 increased by 10% over 2016. factors contributing to the increases in earned premiums in each segment in 2018 and 2017 compared with the respective prior year are discussed in more detail in the segment discussions that follow.
net investment income in 2018 was $2.47 billion, $77 million or 3% higher than in 2017. net investment income from fixed maturity investments in 2018 was $1.98 billion, $85 million higher than in 2017, primarily resulting from a higher average level of fixed maturity investments and higher long-term reinvestment rates available in the market. net investment income from short-term securities in 2018 was $92 million, $30 million higher than in 2017, primarily resulting from higher short-term interest rates. net investment income generated by the company's remaining investment portfolios in 2018 was $441 million, $37 million lower
than in 2017, primarily reflecting lower returns from private equity limited partnerships and lower dividend income due to a lower level of investments in equity securities, partially offset by higher returns from real estate partnerships.
net investment income in 2017 was $2.40 billion, $95 million or 4% higher than in 2016.  net investment income from fixed maturity investments in 2017 was $1.89 billion, $86 million lower than in 2016, primarily resulting from lower long-term reinvestment rates available in the market, partially offset by the impact of a slightly higher level of fixed maturity investments. net investment income from short-term securities in 2017 was $62 million, $33 million higher than in 2016, primarily due to higher short-term interest rates and a higher average level of short-term investments. net investment income generated by the company's remaining investment portfolios in 2017 was $478 million, $148 million higher than in 2016, primarily due to higher returns from private equity limited partnerships.
net realized investment losses on equity securities still held           (29   )             -                 -
other net realized investment gains other net realized investment gains in 2018 included $92 million of net realized investment gains related to other investments, primarily resulting from the sale of a private equity limited partnership, $33 million of net realized gains related to fixed maturity investments, $23 million of net realized investment gains from real estate sales and $4 million of net realized investment losses related to equity securities sold.
other net realized investment gains in 2017 included $236 million of net realized investment gains related to equity securities, $10 million of net realized investment gains from real estate sales, $4 million of net realized gains related to fixed maturity investments and $20 million of net realized investment losses related to other investments.
other net realized investment gains in 2016 included $59 million of net realized gains related to fixed maturity investments, $14 million of net realized investment gains related to equity securities, $7 million of net realized investment gains from real estate sales and $17 million of net realized investment gains related to other investments.
claims and expenses claims and claim adjustment expenses claims and claim adjustment expenses in 2018 were $18.29 billion, $824 million or 5% higher than in 2017, primarily reflecting the impacts of (i) higher business volumes, (ii) loss cost trends, (iii) higher loss estimates in the commercial automobile product line for bodily injury liability coverages in business insurance, (iv) lower net favorable prior year reserve development and (v) higher non-catastrophe weather-related losses and non-weather related losses in personal insurance, partially offset by (vi) lower catastrophe losses and (vii) a lower level of international surety losses in bond & specialty insurance. catastrophes in 2018
primarily resulted from wildfires in california, hurricanes florence and michael, wind and hail storms in several regions of the united states and winter storms in the eastern united states.
claims and claim adjustment expenses in 2017 were $17.47 billion, $2.40 billion or 16% higher than in 2016, primarily reflecting the impacts of (i) significantly higher catastrophe losses, (ii) higher business volumes, (iii) loss cost trends, (iv) lower net favorable prior year reserve development, (v) higher non-catastrophe fire-related losses in business insurance and (vi) higher non-catastrophe weather-related losses in personal insurance. catastrophe losses in 2017 primarily resulted from wildfires in california, hurricanes harvey, irma and maria, and several winter, wind and hail storms throughout the united states. catastrophe losses in 2016 primarily resulted from hurricane matthew, wind and hail storms in several regions of the united states, flooding in the southeast region of the united states, wildfires in canada and tennessee, and winter storms in the eastern united states.
•   is designated a catastrophe by internationally recognized organizations that track and report on insured losses resulting from catastrophic events, such as property claim services (pcs) for events in the united states and canada; and
•   the company's estimates of its ultimate losses before reinsurance and taxes exceed a pre-established dollar threshold.
the company's threshold for disclosing catastrophes is primarily determined at the reportable segment level. if a threshold for one segment or a combination thereof is exceeded and the other segments have losses from the same event, losses from the event are identified as catastrophe losses in the segment results and for the consolidated results of the company. additionally, an aggregate threshold is applied for international business across all reportable segments. the threshold for 2018 ranged from approximately $18 million to $30 million of losses before reinsurance and taxes.
the following table presents the amount of losses recorded by the company for significant catastrophes that occurred in 2018, 2017 and 2016, the amount of net unfavorable (favorable) prior year reserve development recognized in 2018 and 2017 for catastrophes that occurred in 2017 and 2016, and the estimate of ultimate losses for those catastrophes at december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016. for purposes of the table, a significant catastrophe is an event for which the company estimates its ultimate losses will be $100 million or more after reinsurance and before taxes.
amortization of deferred acquisition costs amortization of deferred acquisition costs in 2018 was $4.38 billion, $215 million or 5% higher than in 2017. amortization of deferred acquisition costs in 2017 was $4.17 billion, $181 million or 5% higher than in 2016. amortization of deferred acquisition costs is discussed in more detail in the segment discussions that follow.
general and administrative expenses general and administrative expenses in 2018 were $4.30 billion, $127 million or 3% higher than in 2017, primarily reflecting the impacts of (i) the acquisition of simply business in august 2017 and (ii) variable costs associated with higher business volumes. general and administrative expenses in 2017 were $4.17 billion, comparable with 2016. general and administrative expenses are discussed in more detail in the segment discussions that follow.
the company's effective tax rate was 15%, 25% and 26% in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. the effective tax rates in all years were lower than the respective statutory rate of 21% in 2018 and 35% in both 2017 and 2016, primarily due to the impact of tax-exempt investment income on the calculation of the company's income tax provision. the effective tax rate in 2018 also included the impact of the reduction in income tax expense resulting from the company's $200 million voluntary contribution to its qualified domestic pension plan in 2018, which provided a 35% tax benefit rather than a 21% tax benefit. in addition, the effective tax rate in 2017 reflected the net charge related to tcja and the impact of the resolution of prior year tax matters, both discussed above.
combined ratio the combined ratio of 96.9% in 2018 was 1.0 points lower than the combined ratio of 97.9% in 2017. the loss and loss adjustment expense ratio of 66.8% in 2018 was 0.4 points lower than the loss and loss adjustment expense ratio of 67.2% in 2017. the underwriting expense ratio of 30.1% in 2018 was 0.6 points lower than the underwriting expense ratio of 30.7% in 2017.
catastrophe losses in 2018 and 2017 accounted for 6.3 points and 7.6 points, respectively, of the combined ratio. net favorable prior year reserve development in 2018 and 2017 provided 1.9 points and 2.3 points of benefit, respectively, to the combined ratio. the combined ratio excluding prior year reserve development and catastrophe losses ("underlying combined ratio") in 2018 was 0.1 points lower than the 2017 ratio on the same basis.
the combined ratio of 97.9% in 2017 was 5.9 points higher than the combined ratio of 92.0% in 2016. the loss and loss adjustment expense ratio of 67.2% in 2017 was 6.7 points higher than the loss and loss adjustment expense ratio of 60.5% in 2016. the underwriting expense ratio of 30.7% in 2017 was 0.8 points lower than the underwriting expense ratio of 31.5% in 2016.
catastrophe losses in 2017 and 2016 accounted for 7.6 points and 3.6 points, respectively, of the combined ratio. net favorable prior year reserve development in 2017 and 2016 provided 2.3 points and 3.2 points of benefit, respectively, to the combined ratio. the underlying combined ratio in 2017 was 1.0 points higher than the 2016 ratio on the same basis, primarily reflecting (i) loss cost trends that modestly exceeded earned pricing in business insurance, (ii) higher non-catastrophe fire-related losses in business insurance and (iii) higher non-catastrophe weather-related losses in personal insurance.
written premiums consolidated gross and net written premiums were as follows:
gross written premiums
net written premiums
gross and net written premiums in 2018 both increased by 6% over 2017. gross and net written premiums in 2017 increased by 4% and 5%, respectively, over 2016. factors contributing to the changes in gross and net written premiums in each segment in 2018 and 2017 as compared with the respective prior year are discussed in more detail in the segment discussions that follow.
underwriting expense ratio                               31.3                31.9                32.4
overview segment income in 2018 was $1.64 billion, $25 million or 2% higher than segment income of $1.61 billion in 2017. the decrease in segment income before income taxes primarily reflected the pre-tax impacts of (i) lower net favorable prior year reserve development and (ii) lower underlying underwriting margins, partially offset by (iii) lower catastrophe losses and (iv) higher net investment income. catastrophe losses in 2018 and 2017 were $639 million and $858 million, respectively. net favorable prior year reserve development in 2018 and 2017 was $142 million and $439 million, respectively. the lower underlying underwriting margins primarily reflected higher loss estimates in the domestic commercial automobile product line for bodily injury liability coverages. income tax expense in 2018 was lower than in 2017, primarily reflecting the impacts of (i) the lower u.s. corporate income tax rate resulting from the tcja and (ii) the decrease in segment income before income taxes, partially offset by (iii) the $15 million reduction in income taxes as a result of the resolution of prior year tax matters in 2017.
segment income in 2017 was $1.61 billion, $369 million or 19% lower than segment income of $1.98 billion in 2016. the decrease in segment income before income taxes primarily reflected the pre-tax impacts of (i) significantly higher catastrophe losses, (ii) lower other income due to a favorable settlement of a reinsurance dispute in 2016 and (iii) lower underlying underwriting margins, partially offset by (iv) higher net investment income. catastrophe losses in 2017 and 2016 were $858 million and $463 million, respectively. net favorable prior year reserve development in 2017 and 2016 was $439 million and $424 million, respectively. the lower underlying underwriting margins primarily resulted from the impacts of (i) loss cost trends that modestly exceeded earned pricing and (ii) higher non-catastrophe fire-related losses. income tax expense in 2017 was lower than in 2016, primarily reflecting the impacts of (i) the decrease in segment income before income taxes and (ii) the $15 million reduction in income taxes as a result of the resolution of prior year tax matters in 2017.
revenues earned premiums earned premiums of $14.72 billion in 2018 were $576 million or 4% higher than in 2017. earned premiums of $14.15 billion in 2017 were $291 million or 2% higher than in 2016. the increase in earned premiums in both 2018 and 2017 reflected increases in net written premiums over the preceding twelve months.
net investment income net investment income in 2018 was $1.83 billion, $47 million or 3% higher than in 2017. net investment income in 2017 was $1.79 billion, $85 million or 5% higher than in 2016. refer to the "net investment income" section of the "consolidated results of operations" discussion for a description of the factors contributing to the increases in the company's consolidated net investment income in 2018 and 2017 compared with the respective prior years. in addition, refer to note 2 of notes to the consolidated financial statements for a discussion of the company's net investment income allocation methodology.
fee income national accounts is the primary source of fee income due to revenue from its large deductible policies and service businesses, which include risk management, claims administration, loss control and risk management information services provided to large companies that choose to self-insure a portion of their insurance risks, as well as claims and policy management services to workers' compensation residual market pools. fee income in 2018 was $412 million, $18 million or 4% lower than in 2017, primarily reflecting lower claim volume in the large deductible business and lower serviced premium volume in the workers' compensation residual market pools. fee income in 2017 was $430 million, $12 million or 3% lower than in 2016, primarily reflecting lower serviced premium volume in the workers' compensation residual market pools.
other revenues other revenues in all years presented included installment premium charges and other policyholder service charges. other revenues in 2018 and 2017 included revenues from simply business, which was acquired in august 2017. other revenues in 2017 and 2016 also included gains related to the settlement of reinsurance disputes. additionally, other revenues in 2016 included proceeds from the favorable settlement of a claims-related legal matter.
claims and expenses claims and claim adjustment expenses claims and claim adjustment expenses in 2018 were $10.17 billion, $650 million or 7% higher than in 2017, primarily reflecting the impacts of (i) higher business volumes, (ii) lower net favorable prior year reserve development, (iii) loss cost trends and (iv) higher loss estimates in the domestic commercial automobile product line for bodily injury liability coverages, partially offset by (v) lower catastrophe losses. claims and claim adjustment expenses in 2017 were $9.52 billion, $768 million or 9% higher than in 2016, primarily reflecting the impacts of (i) significantly higher catastrophe losses, (ii) loss cost trends, (iii) higher business volumes and (iv) higher non-catastrophe fire-related losses.
amortization of deferred acquisition costs amortization of deferred acquisition costs in 2018 was $2.39 billion, $102 million or 4% higher than in 2017. amortization of deferred acquisition costs in 2017 was $2.29 billion, $65 million or 3% higher than in 2016. the increases in both 2018 and 2017 were generally consistent with the increases in earned premiums.
general and administrative expenses general and administrative expenses in 2018 were $2.62 billion, $60 million or 2% higher than in 2017, primarily reflecting the impact of the acquisition of simply business in august 2017. general and administrative expenses in 2017 of $2.56 billion were comparable with 2016.
combined ratio the combined ratio of 99.1% in 2018 was 1.3 points higher than the combined ratio of 97.8% in 2017. the loss and loss adjustment expense ratio of 67.8% in 2018 was 1.9 points higher than the loss and loss adjustment expense ratio of 65.9% in 2017. the underwriting expense ratio of 31.3% in 2018 was 0.6 points lower than the underwriting expense ratio of 31.9% in 2017.
catastrophe losses in 2018 and 2017 accounted for 4.4 points and 6.0 points, respectively, of the combined ratio. net favorable prior year reserve development in 2018 and 2017 provided 1.0 points and 3.1 points of benefit, respectively, to the combined ratio. the underlying combined ratio in 2018 was 0.8 points higher than the 2017 ratio on the same basis, primarily reflecting higher loss estimates in the domestic commercial automobile product line for bodily injury liability coverages.
the combined ratio of 97.8% in 2017 was 3.7 points higher than the combined ratio of 94.1% in 2016. the loss and loss adjustment expense ratio of 65.9% in 2017 was 4.2 points higher than the loss and loss adjustment expense ratio of 61.7% in 2016.  the underwriting expense ratio of 31.9% in 2017 was 0.5 points lower than the underwriting expense ratio of 32.4% in 2016.
catastrophe losses in 2017 and 2016 accounted for 6.0 points and 3.4 points of the combined ratio, respectively.  net favorable prior year reserve development provided 3.1 points of benefit to the combined ratio in both 2017 and 2016.  the underlying combined ratio in 2017 was 1.1 points higher than the 2016 ratio on the same basis, primarily reflecting the impacts of (i) loss cost trends that modestly exceeded earned pricing and (ii) higher non-catastrophe fire-related losses.
written premiums business insurance's gross and net written premiums by market were as follows:
gross written premiums
net written premiums
gross written premiums in 2018 and 2017 increased by 5% and 2%, respectively, over the respective prior year periods. net written premiums in 2018 and 2017 increased by 5% and 3%, respectively, over the respective prior year amounts.
select accounts. net written premiums of $2.83 billion in 2018 increased by 1% over 2017. business retention rates remained strong in 2018. renewal premium changes in 2018 remained positive and were higher than in 2017. new business premiums in 2018 increased over 2017. net written premiums of $2.80 billion in 2017 increased by 3% over 2016. business retention rates remained strong in 2017. renewal premium changes in 2017 remained positive but were lower than in 2016. new business premiums in 2017 increased over 2016.
middle market. net written premiums of $8.21 billion in 2018 increased by 6% over 2017. business retention rates remained strong in 2018. renewal premium changes in 2018 remained positive and were higher than in 2017. new business premiums in 2018 were lower than in 2017. net written premiums of $7.76 billion in 2017 increased by 5% over 2016. business retention rates remained strong in 2017. renewal premium changes in 2017 remained positive and were higher than in 2016. new business premiums in 2017 increased slightly over 2016.
national accounts. net written premiums of $1.03 billion in 2018 increased by 1% over 2017. business retention rates remained strong in 2018. renewal premium changes in 2018 remained positive and were higher than in 2017. new business premiums in 2018 decreased from 2017. net written premiums of $1.01 billion in 2017 decreased by 5% from 2016. business retention rates remained strong in 2017. renewal premium changes in 2017 remained slightly positive but were lower than in 2016. new business premiums in 2017 decreased from 2016.
national property and other. net written premiums of $1.81 billion in 2018 increased by 7% over 2017. business retention rates were strong in 2018 and increased over 2017. renewal premium changes in 2018 remained positive and were higher than in 2017. new business premiums in 2018 increased over 2017. net written premiums of $1.69 billion in 2017 decreased by 5% from 2016. business retention rates in 2017 declined from 2016. renewal premium changes in 2017 remained positive and were higher than in 2016. new business premiums in 2017 decreased from 2016.
international. net written premiums of $1.08 billion in 2018 increased by 7% over 2017, primarily driven by increases in canada and in the company's operations at lloyd's. net written premiums of $1.01 billion in 2017 increased by 6% over 2016, primarily driven by increases in the company's european operations, including lloyd's, as well as in canada.
underwriting expense ratio                               37.5                38.8                38.3
overview segment income in 2018 was $793 million, $237 million or 43% higher than segment income of $556 million in 2017. the increase in segment income before income taxes primarily reflected the pre-tax impacts of (i) higher net favorable prior year reserve development and (ii) higher underlying underwriting margins. net favorable prior year reserve development in 2018 and 2017 was $266 million and $140 million, respectively. catastrophe losses in 2018 and 2017 were $16 million and $6 million, respectively. the higher underlying underwriting margins primarily resulted from the impacts of (i) a lower level of international
segment income in 2017 was $556 million, $156 million or 22% lower than segment income of $712 million in 2016. the decrease in segment income before income taxes primarily reflected the pre-tax impacts of (i) lower net favorable prior year reserve development and (ii) lower underlying underwriting margins. net favorable prior year reserve development in 2017 and 2016 was $140 million and $350 million, respectively. catastrophe losses in both 2017 and 2016 were $6 million. the lower underlying underwriting margins primarily reflected a higher level of international surety losses. income tax expense in 2017 was lower than in 2016, primarily reflecting the impacts of (i) the decrease in segment income before income taxes and (ii) the $17 million reduction in income tax expense in 2017 as a result of the resolution of prior year tax matters.
revenues earned premiums earned premiums in 2018 were $2.42 billion, $113 million or 5% higher than in 2017. earned premiums in 2017 were $2.31 billion, $47 million or 2% higher than in 2016. the increase in earned premiums in both 2018 and 2017 reflected increases in net written premiums over the preceding twelve months.
net investment income net investment income in 2018 was $233 million, $5 million or 2% higher than in 2017. net investment income in 2017 was $228 million, $11 million or 5% lower than in 2016. included in bond & specialty insurance are certain legal entities whose invested assets and related net investment income are reported exclusively in this segment and not allocated among all business segments. as a result, reported net investment income in bond & specialty insurance reflects a significantly smaller proportion of allocated net investment income, including net investment income from the company's non-fixed maturity investments that experienced a decrease in investment income in 2018 and an increase in investment income in 2017. refer to the "net investment income" section of the "consolidated results of operations" discussion for a description of the factors contributing to the increases in the company's consolidated net investment income in 2018 and 2017 compared with the respective prior years. in addition, refer to note 2 of notes to the consolidated financial statements for a discussion of the company's net investment income allocation methodology.
amortization of deferred acquisition costs amortization of deferred acquisition costs in 2018 was $454 million, $22 million or 5% higher than in 2017. amortization of deferred acquisition costs in 2017 was $432 million, $11 million or 3% higher than in 2016. the increases in both years were generally consistent with the increases in earned premiums.
combined ratio the combined ratio of 69.0% in 2018 was 8.4 points lower than the combined ratio of 77.4% in 2017. the loss and loss adjustment expense ratio of 31.5% in 2018 was 7.1 points lower than the loss and loss adjustment expense ratio of 38.6% in 2017. the underwriting expense ratio of 37.5% in 2018 was 1.3 points lower than the underwriting expense ratio of 38.8% in 2017.
net favorable prior year reserve development in 2018 and 2017 provided 11.0 points and 6.1 points of benefit, respectively, to the combined ratio.  catastrophe losses in 2018 and 2017 accounted for 0.6 points and 0.3 points, respectively, of the combined ratio. the underlying combined ratio in 2018 was 3.8 points lower than the 2017 ratio on the same basis, primarily reflecting the impacts of (i) a lower level of international surety losses and (ii) higher levels of earned premiums.
the combined ratio of 77.4% in 2017 was 11.7 points higher than the combined ratio of 65.7% in 2016. the loss and loss adjustment expense ratio of 38.6% in 2017 was 11.2 points higher than the loss and loss adjustment expense ratio of 27.4% in 2016.  the underwriting expense ratio of 38.8% in 2017 was 0.5 points higher than the underwriting expense ratio of 38.3% in 2016.
net favorable prior year reserve development in 2017 and 2016 provided 6.1 points and 15.5 points of benefit, respectively, to the combined ratio.  catastrophe losses in 2017 and 2016 accounted for 0.3 points of the combined ratio in each year.  the underlying combined ratio in 2017 was 2.3 points higher than the 2016 ratio on the same basis, primarily reflecting the impact of a higher level of international surety losses.
written premiums bond & specialty insurance's gross and net written premiums were as follows:
gross written premiums
management liability                                   $1,523                $1,422                $1,387
net written premiums
management liability                                   $1,455              $1,367              $1,342
gross and net written premiums in 2018 both increased by 7% over 2017. gross and net written premiums in 2017 increased by 5% and 4%, respectively, over 2016.
domestic. net written premiums in 2018 were $2.29 billion, $130 million or 6% higher than in 2017. excluding the surety line of business, for which the following are not relevant measures, business retention rates remained strong in 2018. renewal premium changes in 2018 remained positive but were lower than in 2017. new business premiums in 2018 increased over 2017. net written premiums of $2.16 billion in 2017 increased by 3% over 2016. excluding the surety line of business, for which the following are not relevant measures, business retention rates remained strong in 2017. renewal premium changes in 2017 remained positive and were comparable with 2016. new business premiums in 2017 increased over 2016.
international. net written premiums in 2018 were $238 million, $39 million or 20% higher than in 2017, primarily driven by increases in the united kingdom. net written premiums of $199 million in 2017 increased by 16% over 2016, driven by increases in the united kingdom and canada.
income tax expense (benefit)                               42                 (44   )             192
underwriting expense ratio                               26.5                26.8                28.3
overview segment income in 2018 was $297 million, $169 million or 132% higher than segment income of $128 million in 2017. the increase in segment income before income taxes primarily reflected the pre-tax impacts of (i) higher underlying underwriting margins, (ii) higher net favorable prior year reserve development, (iii) higher net investment income and (iv) lower catastrophe losses. net favorable prior year reserve development in 2018 and 2017 was $109 million and $13 million, respectively. catastrophe losses in 2018 and 2017 were $1.06 billion and $1.09 billion, respectively. the higher underlying underwriting margins primarily resulted from the impacts of (i) earned pricing that exceeded loss cost trends in agency automobile, partially offset by (ii) higher non-catastrophe weather-related losses and non-weather related losses in agency homeowners and other. income tax expense in 2018 was higher than in 2017, primarily reflecting the impacts of (i) the increase in segment income before income taxes and (ii) the $7 million reduction in income tax expense in 2017 as a result of the resolution of prior year tax matters, partially offset by (iii) the lower u.s. corporate income tax rate resulting from the tcja.
segment income in 2017 was $128 million, $389 million or 75% lower than segment income of $517 million in 2016. the decrease in segment income before income taxes primarily reflected the pre-tax impacts of (i) significantly higher catastrophe losses, partially offset by (ii) higher net investment income, (iii) higher underlying underwriting margins and (iv) net favorable prior year reserve development as compared to net unfavorable prior year reserve development in 2016. catastrophe losses in 2017 and 2016 were $1.09 billion and $408 million, respectively. net favorable prior year reserve development in 2017 was $13 million, compared with net unfavorable prior year reserve development of $3 million in 2016. the higher underlying underwriting margins primarily resulted from the impacts of (i) increased business volumes and (ii) earned pricing that modestly exceeded loss cost trends, partially offset by (iii) higher non-catastrophe weather-related losses. income tax expense in 2017 was lower than in 2016, primarily reflecting the impacts of (i) the decrease in segment income before income taxes and (ii) the $7 million reduction in income tax expense as a result of the resolution of prior year tax matters.
revenues earned premiums earned premiums in 2018 were $9.92 billion, $687 million or 7% higher than in 2017. earned premiums in 2017 were $9.23 billion, $811 million or 10% higher than in 2016. the increase in earned premiums in both 2018 and 2017 reflected increases in net written premiums over the preceding twelve months.
net investment income net investment income in 2018 was $408 million, $25 million or 7% higher than in 2017. net investment income in 2017 was $383 million, $21 million or 6% higher than in 2016. refer to the "net investment income" section of "consolidated results of operations" for a discussion of the increases in the company's net investment income in 2018 and 2017 as compared with the respective prior year. in addition, refer to note 2 of notes to the consolidated financial statements for a discussion of the company's net investment income allocation methodology.
claims and expenses claims and claim adjustment expenses claims and claim adjustment expenses in 2018 were $7.35 billion, $301 million or 4% higher than in 2017, primarily reflecting the impacts of (i) higher business volumes, (ii) loss cost trends and (iii) higher non-catastrophe weather-related losses and non-weather related losses in agency homeowners and other, partially offset by (iv) higher net favorable prior year reserve development and (v) lower catastrophe losses. claims and claim adjustment expenses in 2017 were $7.05 billion, $1.36 billion or 24% higher than in 2016, primarily reflecting the impacts of (i) significantly higher catastrophe losses, (ii) higher business volumes, (iii) loss cost trends and (iv) higher non-catastrophe weather-related losses, partially offset by (v) net favorable prior year reserve development as compared with net unfavorable prior year reserve development in 2016.
amortization of deferred acquisition costs amortization of deferred acquisition costs in 2018 was $1.54 billion, $91 million or 6% higher than in 2017. amortization of deferred acquisition costs in 2017 was $1.45 billion, $105 million or 8% higher than in 2016. the increases in both 2018 and 2017 were generally consistent with the increases in earned premiums.
general and administrative expenses general and administrative expenses in 2018 were $1.19 billion, $74 million or 7% higher than in 2017, primarily reflecting the impact of variable costs associated with higher business volumes. general and administrative expenses in 2017 were $1.11 billion, $13 million or 1% lower than in 2016.
income tax expense (benefit)
income tax expense in 2018 was $42 million, compared with an income tax benefit of $(44) million in 2017, primarily reflecting the impacts of (i) the $255 million increase in income before income taxes in 2018 and (ii) the $7 million reduction in income tax expense in 2017 resulting from the resolution of prior year tax matters, partially offset by (iii) the lower u.s. corporate income tax rate resulting from the tcja. the income tax benefit in 2017 was $(44) million, compared with income tax expense of $192 million in 2016, primarily reflecting the impacts of (i) the $625 million decrease in income before income taxes in 2017 and (ii) the $7 million reduction in income tax expense resulting from the resolution of prior year tax matters. the level of income tax expense (benefit) in all years reflected the impact of tax-exempt investment income on the calculation of the company's tax provision.
combined ratio the combined ratio of 100.6% in 2018 was 2.5 points lower than the combined ratio of 103.1% in 2017. the loss and loss adjustment expense ratio of 74.1% in 2018 was 2.2 points lower than the loss and loss adjustment expense ratio of 76.3% in 2017. the underwriting expense ratio of 26.5% in 2018 was 0.3 points lower than the underwriting expense ratio of 26.8% in 2017.
catastrophe losses accounted for 10.7 points and 11.7 points of the combined ratio in 2018 and 2017, respectively. net favorable prior year reserve development in 2018 and 2017 provided 1.1 and 0.1 points of benefit, respectively, to the combined ratio. the underlying combined ratio in 2018 was 0.5 points lower than the 2017 ratio on the same basis, primarily reflecting the impacts of (i) earned pricing that exceeded loss cost trends in agency automobile and (ii) the benefit of higher levels of earned premiums on the underwriting expense ratio, partially offset by (iii) higher non-catastrophe weather-related losses and non-weather related losses in agency homeowners and other.
the combined ratio of 103.1% in 2017 was 7.3 points higher than the combined ratio of 95.8% in 2016. the loss and loss adjustment expense ratio of 76.3% in 2017 was 8.8 points higher than the loss and loss adjustment expense ratio of 67.5% in 2016. the underwriting expense ratio of 26.8% in 2017 was 1.5 points lower than the underwriting expense ratio of 28.3% in 2016.
catastrophe losses accounted for 11.7 points and 4.9 points of the combined ratio in 2017 and 2016, respectively. net favorable prior year reserve development in 2017 provided 0.1 points of benefit to the loss and loss adjustment expense ratio. net unfavorable prior year reserve development in 2016 had no impact on the loss and loss adjustment expense ratio. the underlying combined ratio in 2017 was 0.6 points higher than the 2016 ratio on the same basis, primarily reflecting the impacts of (i) higher non-catastrophe weather-related losses, (ii) the tenure impact of higher levels of new business in recent years in the automobile product line and (iii) a higher level of automobile business relative to homeowners and other business, partially offset by (iv) the benefit of higher levels of earned premiums on the underwriting expense ratio and (v) earned pricing that modestly exceeded loss cost trends.
written premiums personal insurance's gross and net written premiums were as follows:
gross written premiums
net written premiums
domestic agency written premiums personal insurance's domestic agency business comprises business written through agents, brokers and other intermediaries.
domestic agency gross and net written premiums in 2018 were both 6% higher than in 2017.
domestic agency automobile net written premiums of $4.97 billion in 2018 were 7% higher than in 2017. business retention rates remained strong in 2018. renewal premium changes in 2018 remained positive but were lower than in 2017. new business premiums in 2018 decreased from 2017.
domestic agency homeowners and other net written premiums of $4.15 billion in 2018 were 5% higher than in 2017. business retention rates remained strong in 2018. renewal premium changes in 2018 remained positive and were higher than in 2017. new business premiums in 2018 increased over 2017.
domestic agency gross and net written premiums in 2017 were both 9% higher than in 2016.
domestic agency automobile net written premiums of $4.65 billion in 2017 were 13% higher than in 2016. business retention rates remained strong in 2017. renewal premium changes in 2017 remained positive and were higher than in 2016. new business premiums in 2017 decreased from 2016.
domestic agency homeowners and other net written premiums of $3.93 billion in 2017 were 4% higher than in 2016. business retention rates remained strong in 2017. renewal premium changes in 2017 remained positive but were lower than in 2016. new business premiums in 2017 increased over 2016.
for its domestic agency business, personal insurance had approximately 7.2 million and 6.9 million active policies at december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
direct-to-consumer and international written premiums direct-to-consumer net written premiums in 2018 were 10% higher than in 2017. direct-to-consumer net written premiums in 2017 were 17% higher than in 2016. the increase in 2018 was primarily driven by growth in both automobile and homeowners net written premiums. the increase in 2017 was primarily driven by growth in automobile net written premiums.
international net written premiums in 2018 were 9% higher than in 2017, primarily driven by growth in automobile net written premiums. international net written premiums in 2017 were 8% higher than in 2016, primarily driven by growth in automobile net written premiums and the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates.
for its international and direct-to-consumer business, personal insurance had approximately 900,000 and 878,000 active policies at december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
the income (loss) for interest expense and other in 2018 was $44 million higher than in 2017. the income (loss) for interest expense and other in 2017 was $10 million higher than in 2016. pre-tax interest expense in 2018, 2017 and 2016 was $352 million, $369 million and $363 million, respectively. after-tax interest expense in 2018, 2017 and 2016 was $278 million, $240 million and $236 million, respectively. the increase in after-tax interest expense in 2018 compared with 2017 primarily reflected the impact of the lower u.s. corporate income tax rate in 2018 resulting from the tcja.
asbestos claims and litigation the company believes that the property and casualty insurance industry has suffered from court decisions and other trends that have expanded insurance coverage for asbestos claims far beyond the original intent of insurers and policyholders. the company has received and continues to receive a significant number of asbestos claims. factors underlying these claim filings include continued intensive advertising by lawyers seeking asbestos claimants and the focus by plaintiffs on defendants who were not
traditionally primary targets of asbestos litigation. the focus on these defendants is primarily the result of the number of traditional asbestos defendants who have sought bankruptcy protection in previous years.  the bankruptcy of many traditional defendants has also caused increased settlement demands against those policyholders who are not in bankruptcy but remain in the tort system. currently, in many jurisdictions, those who allege very serious injury and who can present credible medical evidence of their injuries are receiving priority trial settings in the courts, while those who have not shown any credible disease manifestation are having their hearing dates delayed or placed on an inactive docket. prioritizing claims involving credible evidence of injuries, along with the focus on defendants who were not traditionally primary targets of asbestos litigation, contributes to the claims and claim adjustment expense payment patterns experienced by the company. the company's asbestos-related claims and claim adjustment expense experience also has been impacted by the unavailability of other insurance sources potentially available to policyholders, whether through exhaustion of policy limits or through the insolvency of other participating insurers.
the company continues to be involved in disputes, including litigation, with a number of policyholders, some of whom are in bankruptcy over coverage for asbestos-related claims. many coverage disputes with policyholders are only resolved through settlement agreements. because many policyholders make exaggerated demands, it is difficult to predict the outcome of settlement negotiations. settlements involving bankrupt policyholders may include extensive releases which are favorable to the company, but which could result in settlements for larger amounts than originally anticipated. although the company has seen a reduction in the overall risk associated with these disputes, it remains difficult to predict the ultimate cost of these claims. as in the past, the company will continue to pursue settlement opportunities.
in addition to claims against policyholders, proceedings have been launched directly against insurers, including the company, by individuals challenging insurers' conduct with respect to the handling of past asbestos claims and by individuals seeking damages arising from alleged asbestos-related bodily injuries.  it is possible that the filing of other direct actions against insurers, including the company, could be made in the future. it is difficult to predict the outcome of these proceedings, including whether the plaintiffs would be able to sustain these actions against insurers based on novel legal theories of liability. the company believes it has meritorious defenses to any such claims and has received favorable rulings in certain jurisdictions.
on january 29, 2009, the company and ppg industries, inc. (ppg), along with approximately 30 other insurers of ppg, agreed in principle to settle asbestos-related coverage litigation under insurance policies issued to ppg (the "agreement"). the agreement was incorporated into the modified third amended plan of reorganization ("amended plan") proposed as part of the pittsburgh corning corp. (pcc, which is 50% owned by ppg) bankruptcy proceeding. on april 27, 2016, the amended plan became effective and all the remaining conditions to the agreement were satisfied.  the company fully satisfied its obligation under the agreement by making a discounted payment in the second quarter of 2016. the company's payment totaled $524 million, of which $518 million was related to asbestos reserves.
because each policyholder presents different liability and coverage issues, the company generally reviews the exposure presented by each policyholder at least annually.  among the factors which the company may consider in the course of this review are: available insurance coverage, including the role of any umbrella or excess insurance the company has issued to the policyholder; limits and deductibles; an analysis of the policyholder's potential liability; the jurisdictions involved; past and anticipated future claim activity and loss development on pending claims; past settlement values of similar claims; allocated claim adjustment expense; the potential role of other insurance; the role, if any, of non-asbestos claims or potential non-asbestos claims in any resolution process; and applicable coverage defenses or determinations, if any, including the determination as to whether or not an asbestos claim is a products/completed operation claim subject to an aggregate limit and the available coverage, if any, for that claim.
the company categorizes its asbestos reserves as follows:
policyholders with settlement agreements                        11                    10                  $20                 $12                  $53                   $32
the policyholders with settlement agreements category includes certain policyholders with whom the company has entered into permanent settlement agreements. reserves in this category are based on the expected payout for each policyholder under the applicable agreement.  the home office and field office category relates to all other policyholders and also includes ibnr reserves and reserves for the costs of defending asbestos-related coverage litigation. ibnr reserves in this category include amounts for
new claims and adverse development on existing policyholders in this category, as well as reserves for claims from policyholders reporting asbestos claims for the first time and for policyholders for which there is, or may be, litigation. policyholders are identified for the annual home office review based upon, among other factors: a combination of past payments and current case reserves in excess of a specified threshold (currently $100,000), perceived level of exposure, number of reported claims, products/completed operations and potential "non-product" exposures, size of policyholder and geographic distribution of products or services sold by the policyholder. the assumed reinsurance and other category primarily consists of reinsurance of excess coverage, including various pool participations.
in the third quarter of 2018, the company completed its annual in-depth asbestos claim review, including a review of active policyholders and litigation cases for potential product and "non-product" liability, and noted the continuation of the following trends:
•   a high level of litigation activity in certain jurisdictions involving individuals alleging serious asbestos-related illness, primarily involving mesothelioma claims;
•   while overall payment patterns have been generally stable, there has been an increase in severity for certain policyholders due to the high level of litigation activity; and
•   a moderate level of asbestos-related bankruptcy activity.
in the home office and field office category, which accounts for the vast majority of policyholders with active asbestos-related claims, the number of policyholders tendering asbestos claims for the first time, the number of policyholders with open asbestos claims and net asbestos-related payments declined slightly when compared to 2017. payments on behalf of policyholders in this category continue to be influenced by a high level of litigation activity in a limited number of jurisdictions where individuals alleging serious asbestos-related injury, primarily mesothelioma, continue to target defendants who were not traditionally primary targets of asbestos litigation.
the company's quarterly asbestos reserve reviews include an analysis of exposure and claim payment patterns by policyholder category, as well as recent settlements, policyholder bankruptcies, judicial rulings and legislative actions.  the company also analyzes developing payment patterns among policyholders in the home office and field office category and the assumed reinsurance and other category as well as projected reinsurance billings and recoveries.  in addition, the company reviews its historical gross and net loss and expense paid experience, year-by-year, to assess any emerging trends, fluctuations, or characteristics suggested by the aggregate paid activity. conventional actuarial methods are not utilized to establish asbestos reserves and the company's evaluations have not resulted in a reliable method to determine a meaningful average asbestos defense or indemnity payment.
the completion of these reviews and analyses in 2018, 2017 and 2016 resulted in $225 million increases in each year to the company's net asbestos reserves. in each year, the reserve increases were primarily driven by increases in the company's estimate of projected settlement and defense costs related to a broad number of policyholders in the home office and field office category. the increase in the estimate of projected settlement and defense costs resulted from payment trends that continue to be higher than previously anticipated due to the impact of the current litigation environment surrounding mesothelioma claims discussed above. over the past decade, the property and casualty insurance industry, including the company, has experienced net unfavorable prior year reserve development with regard to asbestos reserves, but the company believes that over that period there has been a reduction in the volatility associated with the company's overall asbestos exposure as the overall asbestos environment has evolved from one dominated by exposure to significant litigation risks, particularly coverage disputes relating to policyholders in bankruptcy who were asserting that their claims were not subject to the aggregate limits contained in their policies, to an environment primarily driven by a frequency of litigation related to individuals with mesothelioma. the company's overall view of the current underlying asbestos environment is essentially unchanged from recent periods and there remains a high degree of uncertainty with respect to future exposure to asbestos claims.
net asbestos paid loss and loss expenses in 2018, 2017 and 2016 were $225 million, $271 million and $708 million, respectively.  net payments in 2016 included the $458 million payment related to the ppg settlement, as described above. approximately 9%, 4% and 69% of total net paid losses in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively, related to policyholders with whom the company had entered into settlement agreements limiting the company's liability.
the following table displays activity for asbestos losses and loss expenses and reserves:
environmental claims and litigation the company has received and continues to receive claims from policyholders who allege that they are liable for injury or damage arising out of their alleged disposition of toxic substances. these claims are mainly brought pursuant to various state or federal statutes that require a liable party to undertake or pay for environmental remediation. liability under these statutes may be joint and several with other responsible parties.
the company has also been, and continues to be, involved in litigation involving insurance coverage issues pertaining to environmental claims. the company believes that some court decisions have interpreted the insurance coverage to be broader than the original intent of the insurers and policyholders. these decisions often pertain to insurance policies that were issued by the company prior to the mid-1980s. these decisions continue to be inconsistent and vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. environmental claims, when submitted, rarely indicate the monetary amount being sought by the claimant from the policyholder, and the company does not keep track of the monetary amount being sought in those few claims which indicate a monetary amount.
the resolution of environmental exposures by the company generally occurs through settlements with policyholders as opposed to claimants. generally, the company strives to extinguish any obligations it may have under any policy issued to the policyholder for past, present and future environmental liabilities and extinguish any pending coverage litigation dispute with the policyholder.  this form of settlement is commonly referred to as a "buy-back" of policies for future environmental liability. in addition, many of the agreements have also extinguished any insurance obligation which the company may have for other claims, including, but not limited to, asbestos and other cumulative injury claims.  the company and its policyholders may also agree to settlements which only extinguish any liability arising from known specified sites or claims.  in many instances, these agreements also include indemnities and hold harmless provisions to protect the company.  the company's general purpose in executing these agreements is to reduce the company's potential environmental exposure and eliminate the risks presented by coverage litigation with the policyholder and related costs.
in establishing environmental reserves, the company evaluates the exposure presented by each policyholder and the anticipated cost of resolution, if any. in the course of this analysis, the company generally considers the probable liability, available coverage and relevant judicial interpretations. in addition, the company considers the many variables presented, such as: the nature of the
alleged activities of the policyholder at each site; the number of sites; the total number of potentially responsible parties at each site; the nature of the alleged environmental harm and the corresponding remedy at each site; the nature of government enforcement activities at each site; the ownership and general use of each site; the overall nature of the insurance relationship between the company and the policyholder, including the role of any umbrella or excess insurance the company has issued to the policyholder; the involvement of other insurers; the potential for other available coverage, including the number of years of coverage; the role, if any, of non-environmental claims or potential non-environmental claims in any resolution process; and the applicable law in each jurisdiction. conventional actuarial methods are not used to estimate these reserves.
the company continues to receive notices from policyholders tendering claims for the first time, frequently under policies issued prior to the mid-1980s. these policyholders continue to present smaller exposures, have fewer sites and are lower tier defendants.  further, in many instances, clean-up costs have been reduced because regulatory agencies are willing to accept risk-based site analyses and more efficient clean-up technologies. over the past several years, the company has experienced generally favorable trends in the number of new policyholders tendering environmental claims for the first time and in the number of pending declaratory judgment actions relating to environmental matters. however, the degree to which those favorable trends have continued has been less than anticipated. in addition, reserve development on existing environmental claims has been greater than anticipated, driven by claims and legal developments in a limited number of jurisdictions. as a result of these factors, in 2018, 2017 and 2016, the company increased its net environmental reserves by $55 million, $65 million and $82 million, respectively.
at december 31, 2018, approximately 94% of the net environmental reserve (approximately $314 million) was carried in a bulk reserve and included unresolved environmental claims, incurred but not reported environmental claims and the anticipated cost of coverage litigation disputes relating to these claims. the bulk reserve the company carries is established and adjusted based upon the aggregate volume of in-process environmental claims and the company's experience in resolving those claims. the balance, approximately 6% of the net environmental reserve (approximately $20 million), consists of case reserves.
the following table displays activity for environmental losses and loss expenses and reserves:
uncertainty regarding adequacy of asbestos and environmental reserves as a result of the processes and procedures discussed above, management believes that the reserves carried for asbestos and environmental claims are appropriately established based upon known facts, current law and management's judgment. however, the uncertainties surrounding the final resolution of these claims continue, and it is difficult to determine the ultimate exposure for asbestos and environmental claims and related litigation. as a result, these reserves are subject to revision as new information
becomes available and as claims develop. changes in the legal, regulatory and legislative environment may impact the resolution of asbestos and environmental claims and result in adverse loss reserve development.  the emergence of a greater number of asbestos or environmental claims beyond that which is anticipated may result in adverse loss reserve development. changes in applicable legislation and future court and regulatory decisions and interpretations, including the outcome of legal challenges to legislative and/or judicial reforms establishing medical criteria for the pursuit of asbestos claims could affect the settlement of asbestos and environmental claims. it is also difficult to predict the ultimate outcome of complex coverage disputes until settlement negotiations near completion and significant legal questions are resolved or, failing settlement, until the dispute is adjudicated. this is particularly the case with policyholders in bankruptcy where negotiations often involve a large number of claimants and other parties and require court approval to be effective. as part of its continuing analysis of asbestos and environmental reserves, the company continues to study the implications of these and other developments.
because of the uncertainties set forth above, additional liabilities may arise for amounts in excess of the company's current insurance reserves.  in addition, the company's estimate of claims and claim adjustment expenses may change.  these additional liabilities or increases in estimates, or a range of either, cannot now be reasonably estimated and could result in income statement charges that could be material to the company's operating results in future periods.
investment portfolio the company's invested assets at december 31, 2018 were $72.28 billion, of which 93% was invested in fixed maturity and short-term investments, 1% in equity securities, 1% in real estate investments and 5% in other investments.  because the primary purpose of the investment portfolio is to fund future claims payments, the company employs a conservative investment philosophy. a significant majority of funds available for investment are deployed in a widely diversified portfolio of high quality, liquid, taxable u.s. government, tax-exempt u.s. municipal and taxable corporate and u.s. agency mortgage-backed bonds.
the carrying value of the company's fixed maturity portfolio at december 31, 2018 was $63.46 billion.  the company closely monitors the duration of its fixed maturity investments, and investment purchases and sales are executed with the objective of having adequate funds available to satisfy the company's insurance and debt obligations.  the weighted average credit quality of the company's fixed maturity portfolio, both including and excluding u.s. treasury securities, was "aa2" at both december 31, 2018 and 2017.  below investment grade securities represented 2.3% and 2.7% of the total fixed maturity investment portfolio at december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.  the weighted average effective duration of fixed maturities and short-term securities was 4.5 (4.7 excluding short-term securities) at december 31, 2018 and 4.0 (4.3 excluding short-term securities) at december 31, 2017. the increase in duration compared with december 31, 2017 primarily reflected the increase in market interest rates as well as changes in the company's investment portfolio following the enactment of the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017.
the carrying values of investments in fixed maturities classified as available for sale at december 31, 2018 and 2017 were as follows:
(at december 31, in millions)                                                                                 carrying value      weighted average creditquality (1)           carrying value      weighted average creditquality (1)
u.s. treasury securities and obligations of u.s. government and government agencies and authorities            $2,064             aaa/aa1                                       $2,076             aaa/aa1
obligations of states, municipalities and political subdivisions:                                                   0
total obligations of states, municipalities and political subdivisions                                         28,611                                                           30,915
debt securities issued by foreign governments                                                                   1,257             aaa/aa1                                        1,509             aaa/aa1
mortgage-backed securities, collateralized mortgage obligations and pass-through securities                     2,573             aaa/aa1                                        2,410             aa1
public utility                                                                                                  3,222             a2                                             2,610             a2
canadian municipal securities                                                                                   1,165             aa2                                            1,207             aa2
sovereign corporate securities (2)                                                                                629             aaa                                              605             aaa commercial mortgage-backed securities and project loans (3)                                                     1,217             aaa                                            1,168             aaa asset-backed and other                                                                                          1,003             aa1                                            1,089             aa2
total fixed maturities                                                                                        $63,464             aa2                                          $62,694             aa2
(2)   sovereign corporate securities include corporate securities that are backed by a government and include sovereign banks and securities issued under the federal ship financing programs.
(3)   included in commercial mortgage-backed securities and project loans at december 31, 2018 and 2017 were $456 million and $471 million of securities guaranteed by the u.s. government, respectively, and $2 million and $4 million of securities guaranteed by government sponsored enterprises, respectively.
the following table sets forth the company's fixed maturity investment portfolio rated using external ratings agencies or by the company when a public rating does not exist:
(at december 31, 2018, in millions)        carryingvalue           percent of totalcarrying value quality rating:
total fixed maturities                    $63,464                         100.0                 %
obligations of states, municipalities and political subdivisions the company's fixed maturity investment portfolio at december 31, 2018 and 2017 included $28.61 billion and $30.92 billion, respectively, of securities which are obligations of states, municipalities and political subdivisions (collectively referred to as the municipal bond portfolio).  the municipal bond portfolio is diversified across the united states, the district of columbia and puerto rico and includes general obligation and revenue bonds issued by states, cities, counties, school districts and similar issuers.  included in the municipal bond portfolio at december 31, 2018 and 2017 were $2.85 billion and $3.90 billion, respectively, of pre-refunded bonds, which are bonds for which states or municipalities have established irrevocable trusts, almost exclusively comprised of u.s. treasury securities and obligations of u.s. government and government agencies and authorities. these trusts were created to fund the payment of principal and interest due under the bonds. the irrevocable trusts are verified as to their sufficiency by an independent verification agent of the underwriter, issuer or trustee. all of the company's holdings of securities issued by puerto rico and related entities have been pre-refunded and therefore are defeased by u.s. treasury securities.
(at december 31, 2018, in millions)           state generalobligation           local generalobligation              revenue            total carryingvalue   weighted averagecreditquality(1)
(1)   rated using external rating agencies or by the company when a public rating does not exist. ratings shown are the higher of the rating of the underlying issuer or the insurer in the case of securities enhanced by third-party insurance for the payment of principal and interest in the event of issuer default.
(at december 31, 2018, in millions)            carryingvalue   weighted averagecreditquality(1)
power utilities                                   803          aa1
(1)   rated using external rating agencies or by the company when a public rating does not exist. ratings shown are the higher of the rating of the underlying issuer or the insurer in the case of securities enhanced by third-party insurance for the payment of principal and interest in the event of issuer default.
the company bases its investment decision on the underlying credit characteristics of the municipal security.  the weighted average credit rating of the municipal bond portfolio was "aaa/aa1" at december 31, 2018.
debt securities issued by foreign governments the following table shows the geographic distribution of the company's long-term fixed maturity investments in debt securities issued by foreign governments at december 31, 2018.
(at december 31, 2018, in millions)            carryingvalue   weighted average creditquality (1)
canada                                           $849          aaa united kingdom                                    369          aa2
(2)    no other country accounted for 2.5% or more of total debt securities issued by foreign governments.
the following table shows the company's eurozone exposure at december 31, 2018 to all debt securities issued by foreign governments, financial companies, sovereign corporations (including sovereign banks) whose securities are backed by the respective country's government and all other corporate securities (comprised of industrial corporations and utility companies) which could be affected if economic conditions deteriorated due to a prolonged recession.
corporate securities debt securities issuedby foreign governments                                      financial                                                          sovereign corporates                                                                                                    all other
(at december 31, 2018, in millions)      carryingvalue                           weighted averagecreditquality (1)         carryingvalue            weighted averagecreditquality (1)         carryingvalue              weighted averagecreditquality (1)              carryingvalue       weighted averagecreditquality (1)
italy                                    -                                       -                                         -                        -                                         -                          -                                                   -              -
(1)   rated using external rating agencies or by the company when a public rating does not exist. the table includes $323 million of short-term securities which have high ratings issued by external rating agencies for short-term issuances. for purposes of this table, the short-term securities, which are rated "a-1+" and/or "p-1," are included as "aaa" rated securities.
in addition to fixed maturities noted in the foregoing table, the company has exposure totaling $141 million to private equity limited partnerships and real estate partnerships (both of which are included in other investments in the company's consolidated balance sheet) whose primary investing focus is across europe.  the company has unfunded commitments totaling $131 million to these partnerships.  the company has no non-redeemable preferred stock issued by companies in the eurozone.
mortgage-backed securities, collateralized mortgage obligations and pass-through securities the company's fixed maturity investment portfolio at december 31, 2018 and 2017 included $2.57 billion and $2.41 billion, respectively, of residential mortgage-backed securities, including pass-through-securities and collateralized mortgage obligations (cmos), all of which are subject to prepayment risk (either shortening or lengthening of duration). while prepayment risk for securities and its effect on income cannot be fully controlled, particularly when interest rates move dramatically, the company's investment strategy generally favors securities that reduce this risk within expected interest rate ranges.  the company makes investments in residential cmos that are either guaranteed by gnma, fnma or fhlmc, or if not guaranteed, are senior or super-senior positions within their respective securitizations.  both guaranteed and non-guaranteed residential cmos allocate the distribution of payments from the underlying mortgages among different classes of bondholders.  in addition, non-guaranteed residential cmos provide structures that allocate the impact of credit losses to different classes of bondholders.  senior and super-senior cmos are protected, to varying degrees, from credit losses as those losses are initially allocated to subordinated bondholders.  the company's investment strategy is to purchase cmo tranches that are expected to offer the most favorable return given the company's assessment of associated risks.  the company does not purchase residual interests in cmos. for more information regarding the company's investments in residential mortgage-backed securities, see note 3 of notes to the consolidated financial statements.
commercial mortgage-backed securities and project loans at december 31, 2018 and 2017, the company held commercial mortgage-backed securities (including fha project loans) of $1.22 billion and $1.17 billion, respectively.  the company does not believe this portfolio exposes it to a material adverse impact
on its results of operations, financial position or liquidity, due to the portfolio's relatively small size and the underlying credit strength of these securities.  for more information regarding the company's investments in commercial mortgage-backed securities, see note 3 of notes to the consolidated financial statements.
equity securities, real estate and short-term investments see note 1 of notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information about these invested asset classes.
other investments the company also invests in private equity limited partnerships, hedge funds and real estate partnerships.  also included in other investments are non-public common and preferred equities and derivatives.  these asset classes have historically provided a higher return than fixed maturities but are subject to more volatility.  at december 31, 2018 and 2017, the carrying value of the company's other investments was $3.56 billion and $3.53 billion, respectively. the company has unfunded commitments to private equity limited partnerships and real estate partnerships in which it invests. these commitments totaled $1.60 billion and $1.56 billion at december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. it is the opinion of the company's management that the company has adequate liquidity to meet these commitments.
securities lending the company has, from time to time, engaged in securities lending activities from which it generates net investment income by lending certain of its investments to other institutions for short periods of time.  at december 31, 2018 and 2017, the company had $367 million and $304 million of securities on loan, respectively, as part of a tri-party lending agreement. the average monthly balance of securities on loan during 2018 and 2017 was $319 million and $318 million, respectively.  borrowers of these securities provide collateral equal to at least 102% of the market value of the loaned securities plus accrued interest.  the company has not incurred any investment losses in its securities lending program for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016.
lloyd's trust deposits the company meets its capital requirements to support its underwriting at lloyd's using a combination of trust deposits and uncollateralized letters of credit. securities with a fair value of approximately $115 million and $37 million held by a wholly-owned subsidiary at december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively, and $33 million held by trv at both december 31, 2018 and 2017 were pledged into lloyd's trust accounts to provide a portion of the lloyd's capital requirements. for more information regarding the company's utilization of uncollateralized letters of credit, see "liquidity and capital resources" herein.
the net unrealized investment gains (losses) that were included in shareholders' equity were as follows:
fixed maturities                                                                                              $(137     )          $1,378              $865
equity securities                                                                                             -                        13               228
tax expense (benefit)                                                                                         (24       )             460               382
net unrealized investment gains (losses) included in shareholders' equity at end of year                      $(113     )          $1,112              $730
net unrealized investment losses included in shareholders' equity at december 31, 2018 compared with net unrealized gains at december 31, 2017 reflected the impact of an increase in market interest rates in 2018. equity securities, which include public common and non-redeemable preferred stocks, are reported at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income. prior to january 1, 2018, equity securities were classified as available for sale and changes in their fair value were charged or credited directly to other comprehensive income.
at december 31, 2018, the amount of gross unrealized losses for all fixed maturity investments reported at fair value for which fair value was less than 80% of amortized cost for fixed maturity investments was not significant.
for fixed maturity investments where fair value is less than the carrying value and the company did not reach a decision to impair, the company continues to have the intent and ability to hold such investments to a projected recovery in value, which may not be until maturity.
at december 31, 2018 and 2017, below investment grade securities comprised 2.3% and 2.7%, respectively, of the fair value of the company's fixed maturity investment portfolio. included in below investment grade securities at december 31, 2018 were securities in an unrealized loss position that, in the aggregate, had an amortized cost of $1.37 billion and a fair value of $1.29 billion, resulting in a net pre-tax unrealized investment loss of $81 million. these securities in an unrealized loss position represented approximately 2.2% of the total amortized cost and 2.0% of the fair value of the fixed maturity portfolio at december 31, 2018 and accounted for 9.5% of the total gross pre-tax unrealized investment loss in the fixed maturity portfolio at december 31, 2018.
purchases and sales of investment securities purchases and sales of investments are based on cash requirements, the characteristics of the insurance liabilities and current market conditions. the company identifies investments to be sold to achieve its primary investment goals of assuring the company's ability to meet policyholder obligations as well as to optimize investment returns, given these obligations.
during the year ended december 31, 2018, the company incurred pre-tax realized losses of $18 million on the sale of fixed maturity investments having a fair value of $786 million.
catastrophe modeling the company uses various analyses and methods, including proprietary and third-party computer modeling processes, to make underwriting and reinsurance decisions designed to manage its exposure to catastrophic events. there are no industry-standard methodologies or assumptions for projecting catastrophe exposure. accordingly, catastrophe estimates provided by different insurers may not be comparable.
the company actively monitors and evaluates changes in third-party models and, when necessary, calibrates the catastrophe risk model estimates delivered via its own proprietary modeling processes.  the company considers historical loss experience, recent events, underwriting practices, market share analyses, external scientific analysis and various other factors including non-modeled losses, to refine its proprietary view of catastrophe risk. these proprietary models are continually updated as new information and techniques emerge.
the tables below set forth the probabilities that estimated losses, comprising claims and allocated claim adjustment expenses (but excluding unallocated claim adjustment expenses), from a single event occurring in a one-year timeframe will equal or exceed the indicated loss amounts (expressed in dollars, net of tax, and as a percentage of the company's common equity), based on the proprietary and third-party computer models utilized by the company at december 31, 2018.  for example, on the basis described below the tables, the company estimates that there is a one percent chance that the company's loss from a single u.s. and canadian hurricane in a one-year timeframe would equal or exceed $1.6 billion, or 7% of the company's common equity at december 31, 2018.
percentage of common equity (2)
(1)   an event that has, for example, a 2% likelihood of exceedance is sometimes described as a "1-in-50 year event." as noted above, however, the probabilities in the table represent the likelihood of losses from a single event equaling or exceeding the indicated threshold loss amount in a one-year timeframe, not over a multi-year timeframe. also, because the probabilities relate to a single event, the probabilities do not address the likelihood of more than one event occurring in a particular period, and, therefore, the amounts do not address potential aggregate catastrophe losses occurring in a one-year timeframe.
(2)   the percentage of common equity is calculated by dividing (a) indicated loss amounts in dollars by (b) total common equity excluding net unrealized investment gains and losses, net of taxes, included in shareholders' equity. net unrealized investment gains and losses can be significantly impacted by both discretionary and other economic factors and are not necessarily indicative of operating trends. accordingly, the company's management uses the percentage of common equity calculated on this basis as a metric to evaluate the potential impact of a single hurricane or single earthquake on the company's financial position for purposes of making underwriting and reinsurance decisions.
the threshold loss amounts in the tables above, which are based on the company's in-force portfolio at december 31, 2018 and catastrophe reinsurance program at january 1, 2019, are net of reinsurance, after-tax and exclude unallocated claim adjustment expenses, which historically have been less than 10% of loss estimates. for further information regarding the company's reinsurance, see "item 1 - reinsurance." the amounts for hurricanes reflect u.s. and canadian exposures and include property exposures, property residual market exposures and an adjustment for certain non-property exposures. the hurricane loss amounts are based on the company's catastrophe risk model estimates and include losses from the hurricane hazards of wind and storm surge. the amounts for earthquakes reflect u.s. and canadian property and workers' compensation exposures. the company does not believe that the inclusion of hurricane or earthquake losses arising from other geographical areas or other exposures would materially change the estimated threshold loss amounts.
catastrophe modeling relies upon inputs based on experience, science, engineering and history.  these inputs reflect a significant amount of judgment and are subject to changes which may result in volatility in the modeled output. catastrophe modeling output may also fail to account for risks that are outside the range of normal probability or are otherwise unforeseeable. catastrophe modeling assumptions include, among others, the portion of purchased reinsurance that is collectible after a catastrophic event, which may prove to be materially incorrect. consequently, catastrophe modeling estimates are subject to significant uncertainty. in the tables above, the uncertainty associated with the estimated threshold loss amounts increases significantly as the likelihood of exceedance decreases.  in other words, in the case of a relatively more remote event (e.g., 1-in-1,000), the estimated threshold loss amount is relatively less reliable. actual losses from an event could materially exceed the indicated threshold loss amount. in addition, more than one such event could occur in any period.
moreover, the company is exposed to the risk of material losses from other than property and workers' compensation coverages arising out of hurricanes and earthquakes, and it is exposed to catastrophe losses from perils other than hurricanes and earthquakes, such as tornadoes and other windstorms, hail, wildfires, severe winter weather, floods, tsunamis, volcanic eruptions and other naturally-occurring events, such as solar flares, as well as acts of terrorism and cyber events.
for more information about the company's exposure to catastrophe losses, see "item 1a-risk factors-catastrophe losses could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, our financial position and/or liquidity, and could adversely impact our ratings, our ability to raise capital and the availability and cost of reinsurance" and "item 1a-risk factors- we may be adversely affected if our pricing and capital models provide materially different indications than actual results."
changing climate conditions severe weather events over the last two decades have underscored the unpredictability of future climate trends and created uncertainty regarding insurers' exposures to financial loss as a result of catastrophes and other weather-related events. during that time period, the insurance industry experienced increased catastrophe losses due to a number of potential causal factors, including, in addition to weather/climate variability, more people living in high-risk areas, population growth in areas with weaker enforcement of building codes, urban expansion and an increase in the average size of a house. for example, hurricane and storm surge activity have impacted areas further inland than previously experienced, and demographic changes have resulted in larger populations in coastal areas which historically have been subject to severe storms, thus expanding the company's potential for losses from hurricanes. additionally, both the frequency and severity of tornado and hail storms in the united states have been more volatile during the last decade. the frequency and severity of wildfire losses have been elevated in more recent years. demographic changes in areas prone to wildfires have expanded the company's potential for losses from wildfires. moreover, the company's catastrophe models may be less reliable due to the increased unpredictability in frequency and severity of severe weather events, emerging trends in climate conditions, inadequate reflection of regulatory changes and the other factors mentioned above. accordingly, the company may be subject to increased losses from catastrophes and other weather-related events.
the company discusses how potentially changing climate conditions may present other issues for its business under "item 1a - risk factors" and "outlook." for example, among other things:
•   increasingly unpredictable and severe weather conditions could result in increased frequency and severity of claims under policies issued by the company. see "risk factors-catastrophe losses could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, our financial position and/or liquidity, and could adversely impact our ratings, our ability to raise capital and the availability and cost of reinsurance" and "-outlook-underwriting gain/loss."
•   changing climate conditions could also impact the creditworthiness of issuers of securities in which the company invests. for example, water supply adequacy could impact the creditworthiness of bond issuers in the southwestern united states, and more frequent and/or severe hurricanes could impact the creditworthiness of issuers in the southeastern united states, among other areas. see "risk factors-our investment portfolio is subject to credit and interest rate risk, and may suffer reduced returns or material realized or unrealized losses."
•   increased regulation adopted in response to potential changes in climate conditions may impact the company and its customers. for example, state insurance regulation could impact the company's ability to manage property exposures in areas vulnerable to significant climate driven losses. if the company is unable to implement risk-based pricing, modify policy terms or reduce exposures to the extent necessary to address rising losses related to catastrophes and smaller scale weather events (should those increased losses occur), its business may be adversely affected. see "risk factors-catastrophe losses could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, our financial position and/or liquidity, and could adversely impact our ratings, our ability to raise capital and the availability and cost of reinsurance." in addition, climate change regulation could increase the company's customers' costs of doing business. for example, insureds faced with carbon management regulatory requirements may have less available capital for investment in loss prevention and safety features which may, over time, increase loss exposures. increased regulation may also result in reduced economic activity, which would decrease the amount of insurable assets and businesses.
•   the full range of potential liability exposures related to changing climate conditions continues to evolve. through the company's emerging issues committee and its committee on climate, energy and the environment, the company works with its business units and corporate groups, as appropriate, to identify and try to assess climate change-related liability issues, which are continually evolving and often hard to fully evaluate. the company regularly reviews emerging issues, including changing climate conditions, to consider potential changes to its modeling and the use of such modeling, as well as to help determine the need for new underwriting strategies, coverage modifications or new products. see "risk factors-the effects of emerging claim and coverage issues on our business are uncertain."
reinsurance recoverables the company reinsures a portion of the risks it underwrites in order to control its exposure to losses.  for additional discussion regarding the company's reinsurance coverage, see "part i-item 1-reinsurance."
the following table summarizes the composition of the company's reinsurance recoverables:
(1) on september 12, 2018, axa sa completed its acquisition of xl group ltd.
at december 31, 2018, the company held $857 million of collateral in the form of letters of credit, funds and trust agreements held to fully or partially collateralize certain reinsurance recoverables.
included in reinsurance recoverables are amounts related to structured settlements, which are annuities purchased from various life insurance companies to settle certain personal physical injury claims, of which workers' compensation claims comprise a significant portion.  in cases where the company did not receive a release from the claimant, the amount due from the life insurance company related to the structured settlement is included in the company's consolidated balance sheet as a reinsurance recoverable and the related claim cost is included in the liability for claims and claim adjustment expense reserves, as the company retains the contingent liability to the claimant.  if it is expected that the life insurance company is not able to pay, the company would recognize an impairment of the related reinsurance recoverable if, and to the extent, the purchased annuities are not covered by state guaranty associations. in the event that the life insurance company fails to make the required annuity payments, the company would be required to make such payments. the following table presents the company's top five groups by structured settlements at december 31, 2018 (in millions). also included is the a.m. best rating of the company's predominant insurer from each such insurer group at february 14, 2019:
group                                          structuredsettlements   a.m. best rating of group's predominantinsurer fidelity &amp; guaranty life group                    $809             a-                                  fourth highest of 16 ratings genworth financial group (1)                           356             b+                                  sixth highest of 16 ratings john hancock group                                     273             a+                                  second highest of 16 ratings brighthouse financial, inc.                            266             a                                   third highest of 16 ratings symetra financial corporation                          251             a                                   third highest of 16 ratings
(1) on october 23, 2016, genworth financial (genworth) announced that they have entered into a definitive agreement under which china oceanwide holdings group co., ltd. (china oceanwide) agreed to acquire all of the outstanding shares of genworth. china oceanwide is a privately held, family-owned international financial holding group headquartered in beijing, china. on march 7, 2017, genworth stockholders adopted the merger agreement, and the acquisition is pending the receipt of required regulatory approvals. on january 30, 2019, the parties agreed to extend the closing deadline for the transaction to march 15, 2019.
the company considers the ratings and related outlook assigned to reinsurance companies and life insurance companies by various independent ratings agencies in assessing the adequacy of its allowance for uncollectible amounts.
outlook the following discussion provides outlook information for certain key drivers of the company's results of operations and capital position.
premiums. the company's earned premiums are a function of net written premium volume. net written premiums comprise both renewal business and new business and are recognized as earned premium over the life of the underlying policies. when business renews, the amount of net written premiums associated with that business may increase or decrease (renewal premium change) as a result of increases or decreases in rate and/or insured exposures, which the company considers as a measure of units of exposure (such as the number and value of vehicles or properties insured). net written premiums from both renewal and new business, and therefore earned premiums, are impacted by competitive market conditions as well as general economic conditions, which, particularly in the case of business insurance, affect audit premium adjustments, policy endorsements and mid-term cancellations. property and casualty insurance market conditions are expected to remain competitive. net written premiums may also be impacted by the structure of reinsurance programs and related costs, as well as changes in foreign currency exchange rates.
overall, the company expects retention levels (the amount of expiring premium that renews, before the impact of renewal premium changes) will remain strong by historical standards during 2019. in business insurance, the company expects that domestic renewal premium changes in 2019 will remain positive and will be broadly consistent with the levels attained in 2018. in bond & specialty insurance, the company expects that renewal premium changes with respect to domestic management liability business during 2019 will remain positive and will be broadly consistent with the levels attained in 2018. with respect to domestic surety business within bond & specialty insurance, the company expects that net written premium volume during 2019 will be slightly higher than the levels attained in 2018. in personal insurance, the company expects that domestic agency automobile renewal premium changes during 2019 will remain positive but will be lower than the levels attained in 2018. the company expects that domestic agency homeowners and other renewal premium changes during 2019 will remain positive and will be higher than the levels attained in 2018. the need for state regulatory approval for changes to personal and many commercial property and casualty insurance prices, as well as competitive market conditions, may impact the timing and extent of renewal premium changes. given the relatively smaller amount of premium that the company generates from outside the united states and the transactional nature of some of those markets, particularly lloyd's, international renewal premium changes in each segment during 2019 could be somewhat higher, broadly consistent with or somewhat lower than the levels attained in 2018.
property and casualty insurance market conditions are expected to remain competitive during the next twelve months for new business. in each of the company's business segments, new business generally has less of an impact on underwriting profitability than renewal business, given the volume of new business relative to renewal business. however, in periods of meaningful increases in new business, despite its positive impact on underwriting gains over time, the impact of higher new business levels may negatively impact the combined ratio for a period of time.
economic conditions in the united states and elsewhere could change, due to a variety of factors, including the political and regulatory environment, changes to fiscal stimulus programs, inflation or deflation (including the impact of rapid changes in wages and/or commodity prices), the imposition of tariffs or other barriers to international trade, fluctuations in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates, high levels of global debt after an extended period of low interest rates, the united kingdom's withdrawal
from the european union, a shutdown of the u.s. government, the failure by the u.s. government to raise the debt ceiling, changes to the u.s. federal budget and further potential changes in tax laws in the united states or modification of the affordable care act. the resulting changes in levels of economic activity could positively or negatively impact exposure changes at renewal and the company's ability to write business at acceptable rates. additionally, changes in levels of economic activity could positively or negatively impact audit premium adjustments, policy endorsements and mid-term cancellations after policies are written.  all of the foregoing, in turn, could positively or negatively impact net written premiums during the next twelve months, and because earned premiums are a function of net written premiums, earned premiums could be impacted on a lagging basis.
underwriting gain/loss. the company's underwriting gain/loss can be significantly impacted by catastrophe losses and net favorable or unfavorable prior year reserve development, as well as underlying underwriting margins. underlying underwriting margins can be impacted by a number of factors, including variability in non-catastrophe weather, large loss and other loss activity; changes in current period loss estimates resulting from prior period loss development; changes in business mix; changes in reinsurance coverages and/or costs; premium adjustments; and variability in expenses and assessments.
for a number of years, the company's results have included significant amounts of net favorable prior year reserve development driven by better than expected loss experience. however, given the inherent uncertainty in estimating claims and claim adjustment expense reserves, loss experience could develop such that the company recognizes higher or lower levels of favorable prior year reserve development, no favorable prior year reserve development or unfavorable prior year reserve development in future periods. in addition, the ongoing review of prior year claims and claim adjustment expense reserves, or other changes in current period circumstances, may result in the company revising current year loss estimates upward or downward in future periods of the current year.
it is possible that changes in economic conditions could lead to higher or lower inflation than the company had anticipated, which could in turn lead to an increase or decrease in the company's loss costs and the need to strengthen or reduce claims and claim adjustment expense reserves. these impacts of inflation on loss costs and claims and claim adjustment expense reserves could be more pronounced for those lines of business that require a relatively longer period of time to finalize and settle claims for a given accident year and, accordingly, are relatively more inflation sensitive. for a further discussion, see "part i-item 1a-risk factors-if actual claims exceed our claims and claim adjustment expense reserves, or if changes in the estimated level of claims and claim adjustment expense reserves are necessary, including as a result of, among other things, changes in the legal, regulatory and economic environments in which the company operates, our financial results could be materially and adversely affected."
in business insurance, the company expects underlying underwriting margins during 2019 in aggregate will be higher than in 2018, and the underlying combined ratio during 2019 in aggregate will be lower than in 2018, assuming loss activity, primarily large losses, returns to lower and more normal levels, with the improvements expected to be in the second through fourth quarters of the year.
in bond & specialty insurance, the company expects underlying underwriting margins and the underlying combined ratio during 2019 in aggregate will be broadly consistent with 2018.
in personal insurance, the company expects underlying underwriting margins during 2019 in aggregate will be slightly higher than in 2018, and the underlying combined ratio during 2019 in aggregate will be broadly consistent with 2018. in agency automobile, the company expects underlying underwriting margins and the underlying combined ratio during 2019 in aggregate will be broadly consistent with 2018. in the first half of 2019, the company expects agency automobile underlying underwriting margins will be higher and the underlying combined ratio will be lower than in the same period of 2018. in the second half of 2019, the company expects agency automobile underlying underwriting margins will be lower and the underlying combined ratio will be higher than in the same period of 2018. in agency homeowners and other, the company expects underlying underwriting margins during 2019 in aggregate will be slightly higher than in 2018, and the underlying combined ratio during 2019 in aggregate will be broadly consistent with 2018, assuming non-catastrophe weather-related losses and non-weather related losses return to lower and more normal levels. in the first half of 2019, the company expects agency homeowners and other underlying underwriting margins will be lower and the underlying combined ratio will be higher than in the same period of 2018. in the second half of 2019, the company expects agency homeowners and other underlying underwriting margins will be higher and the underlying combined ratio will be lower than in the same period of 2018.
investment portfolio. the company expects to continue to focus its investment strategy on maintaining a high-quality investment portfolio and a relatively short average effective duration. the weighted average effective duration of fixed maturities and short-
term securities was 4.5 (4.7 excluding short-term securities) at december 31, 2018. from time to time, the company enters into short positions in u.s. treasury futures contracts to manage the duration of its fixed maturity portfolio.  at december 31, 2018, the company had no open u.s. treasury futures contracts. the company continually evaluates its investment alternatives and mix. currently, the majority of the company's investments are comprised of a widely diversified portfolio of high-quality, liquid, taxable u.s. government, tax-exempt u.s. municipal and taxable corporate and u.s. agency mortgage-backed bonds.
the company also invests much smaller amounts in equity securities, real estate, private equity limited partnerships, hedge funds, and real estate partnerships and joint ventures. these investment classes have the potential for higher returns but also the potential for higher degrees of risk, including less stable rates of return and less liquidity.
net investment income is a material contributor to the company's results of operations. based on the impacts of (i) slightly higher levels of fixed income investments (fixed maturity and short-term investments) and (ii) slightly higher yields on fixed income investments, the company expects after-tax net investment income for the twelve months ending december 31, 2019 from those portfolios will be approximately $80 million to $100 million higher than the twelve months ended december 31, 2018. the impact of future market conditions on net investment income from the non-fixed maturity investment portfolio during the next twelve months is hard to predict. if general economic conditions and/or investment market conditions change during the next twelve months, the company could experience an increase or decrease in net investment income and/or significant realized investment gains or losses (including impairments).
the company had a net pre-tax unrealized investment loss of $137 million ($113 million after-tax) in its fixed maturity investment portfolio at december 31, 2018. while the company does not attempt to predict future interest rate movements, a rising interest rate environment would reduce the market value of fixed maturity investments and, therefore, reduce shareholders' equity, and a declining interest rate environment would have the opposite effects. the company's investment portfolio has benefited from certain tax exemptions (primarily those related to interest from municipal bonds) and certain other tax laws, including, but not limited to, those governing dividends-received deductions and tax credits (such as foreign tax credits). changes in these laws could adversely impact the value of the company's investment portfolio. see "changes in u.s. tax laws or in the tax laws of other jurisdictions in which we operate could adversely impact us" included in "part i-item 1a-risk factors."
for further discussion of the company's investment portfolio, see "investment portfolio." for a discussion of the risks to the company's business during or following a financial market disruption and risks to the company's investment portfolio, see the risk factors entitled "during or following a period of financial market disruption or an economic downturn, our business could be materially and adversely affected" and "our investment portfolio is subject to credit and interest rate risk, and may suffer reduced returns or material realized or unrealized losses" included in "part i-item 1a-risk factors." for a discussion of the risks to the company's investments from foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, see the risk factor entitled "we are also subject to a number of additional risks associated with our business outside the united states" included in "part i-item 1a-risk factors" and see "part ii-item 7a-quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk-foreign currency exchange rate risk."
capital position. the company believes it has a strong capital position and, as part of its ongoing efforts to create shareholder value, expects to continue to return capital not needed to support its business operations to its shareholders. the company expects that, generally over time, the combination of dividends to common shareholders and common share repurchases will likely not exceed net income. in addition, the timing and actual number of shares to be repurchased in the future will depend on a variety of additional factors, including the company's financial position, earnings, share price, catastrophe losses, maintaining capital levels commensurate with the company's desired ratings from independent rating agencies, funding of the company's qualified pension plan, capital requirements of the company's operating subsidiaries, legal requirements, regulatory constraints, other investment opportunities (including mergers and acquisitions and related financings), market conditions and other factors. for information regarding the company's common share repurchases in 2018, see "liquidity and capital resources."
as a result of the company's business outside of the united states, primarily in canada, the united kingdom (including lloyd's), the republic of ireland and brazil, the company's capital is also subject to the effects of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. for example, strengthening of the u.s. dollar in comparison to other currencies could result in a reduction of shareholders' equity. for additional discussion of the company's foreign exchange market risk exposure, see "part ii-item 7a-quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk."
risks and uncertainties that could impact the company's results of operations or financial position, see "part i-item 1a-risk factors" and "critical accounting estimates."
liquidity and capital resources liquidity is a measure of a company's ability to generate sufficient cash flows to meet the cash requirements of its business operations and to satisfy general corporate purposes when needed.
operating company liquidity. the liquidity requirements of the company's insurance subsidiaries are met primarily by funds generated from premiums, fees, income received on investments and investment maturities. cash provided from these sources is used primarily for claims and claim adjustment expense payments and operating expenses. the insurance subsidiaries' liquidity requirements can be impacted by, among other factors, the timing and amount of catastrophe claims, which are inherently unpredictable, as well as the timing and amount of reinsurance recoveries, which may be affected by reinsurer solvency and reinsurance coverage disputes. additionally, the variability of asbestos-related claim payments, as well as the volatility of potential judgments and settlements arising out of litigation, may also result in increased liquidity requirements. it is the opinion of the company's management that the insurance subsidiaries' future liquidity needs will be adequately met from all of the sources described above. subject to restrictions imposed by states in which the company's insurance subsidiaries are domiciled, the company's principal insurance subsidiaries pay dividends to their respective parent companies, which, in turn, pay dividends to the corporate holding (parent) company (trv). for further information regarding restrictions on dividends paid by the company's insurance subsidiaries, see "part i-item 1-regulation."
holding company liquidity.  trv's liquidity requirements primarily include shareholder dividends, debt servicing, common share repurchases and, from time to time, contributions to its qualified domestic pension plan.  at december 31, 2018, trv held total cash and short-term invested assets in the united states aggregating $1.42 billion and having a weighted average maturity of 52 days. trv has established a holding company liquidity target equal to its estimated annual pre-tax interest expense and common shareholder dividends (currently approximately $1.17 billion). trv's holding company liquidity of $1.42 billion at december 31, 2018 exceeded this target and it is the opinion of the company's management that these assets are sufficient to meet trv's current liquidity requirements.
trv is not dependent on dividends or other forms of repatriation from its foreign operations to support its liquidity needs. the undistributed earnings of the company's foreign operations are intended to be permanently reinvested in those operations, and such earnings were not material to the company's financial position or liquidity at december 31, 2018.
trv has a shelf registration statement filed with the securities and exchange commission that expires on june 17, 2019 which permits it to issue securities from time to time. trv also has a $1.0 billion line of credit facility with a syndicate of financial institutions that expires on june 4, 2023. at december 31, 2018, the company had $100 million of commercial paper outstanding. trv is not reliant on its commercial paper program to meet its operating cash flow needs.
the company utilized uncollateralized letters of credit issued by major banks with an aggregate limit of approximately $338 million to provide a portion of the capital needed to support its obligations at lloyd's at december 31, 2018. if uncollateralized letters of credit are not available at a reasonable price or at all in the future, the company can collateralize these letters of credit or may have to seek alternative means of supporting its obligations at lloyd's, which could include utilizing holding company funds on hand.
operating activities net cash flows provided by operating activities were $4.38 billion, $4.15 billion and $4.47 billion in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.  the increase in cash flows in 2018 primarily reflected (i) higher levels of collected premiums, (ii) lower income tax payments and (iii) a lower discretionary contribution to the company's u.s. qualified non-contributory defined benefit pension plan, partially offset by higher levels of payments for (iv) claims and claim adjustment expenses and (v) commission expenses. the higher level of payments for claims and claim adjustment expenses in 2018 included the impact of payments related to catastrophe losses incurred in both 2018 and 2017 and increased business volumes. the decrease in cash flows in 2017 reflected (i) higher levels of payments for claims and claim adjustment expenses, (ii) the inclusion in 2016 of proceeds from the settlement of a reinsurance dispute as discussed in more detail in note 16 of notes to the consolidated financial statements, (iii) higher commission expenses and (iv) a higher discretionary contribution to the company's u.s. qualified non-contributory defined benefit pension plan, partially offset by (v) higher levels of collected premiums and (vi) lower income tax payments.  the higher level of payments for claims and claim adjustment expenses in 2017 included the impact of increased business volumes and a higher level of catastrophe losses, partially offset by the inclusion in 2016 of the company's $524 million payment related to the settlement of the ppg industries, inc. litigation as described in more detail in the "asbestos claims and litigation" section.  in 2018, 2017
and 2016, the company voluntarily made contributions totaling $200 million, $300 million and $200 million, respectively, to its qualified domestic pension plan.  the qualified domestic pension plan was 109% and 108% funded at december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
investing activities net cash used in investing activities was $2.33 billion, $2.20 billion and $1.73 billion in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.  the company's consolidated total investments at december 31, 2018 decreased by $224 million, or less than 1% from year-end 2017, as the impacts of (i) net unrealized losses on investments at december 31, 2018 as compared with net unrealized gains on investments at december 31, 2017, as a result of increases in market interest rates during 2018, (ii) common share repurchases and (iii) dividends paid to shareholders were largely offset by (iv) net cash flows provided by operating activities. the company's consolidated total investments at december 31, 2017 increased by $2.01 billion, or 3% over year-end 2016, primarily reflecting the impacts of (i) net cash flows provided by operating activities and (ii) an increase in the net unrealized appreciation of investments, partially offset by (iii) common share repurchases, (iv) dividends paid to shareholders and (v) the cost of acquiring simply business.
the company's investment portfolio is managed to support its insurance operations; accordingly, the portfolio is positioned to meet obligations to policyholders. as such, the primary goals of the company's asset-liability management process are to satisfy the insurance liabilities and maintain sufficient liquidity to cover fluctuations in projected liability cash flows. generally, the expected principal and interest payments produced by the company's fixed maturity portfolio adequately fund the estimated runoff of the company's insurance reserves. although this is not an exact cash flow match in each period, the substantial amount by which the market value of the fixed maturity portfolio exceeds the value of the net insurance liabilities, as well as the positive cash flow from newly sold policies and the large amount of high quality liquid bonds, contributes to the company's ability to fund claim payments without having to sell illiquid assets or access credit facilities.
financing activities net cash flows used in financing activities were $2.01 billion, $1.92 billion and $2.81 billion in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.  the totals in each year primarily reflected common share repurchases, dividends paid to shareholders and the payment of debt, partially offset by the issuance of debt and proceeds from employee stock option exercises. common share repurchases in 2018, 2017 and 2016 were $1.32 billion, $1.44 billion and $2.47 billion, respectively.
2018. on march 7, 2018, the company issued $500 million aggregate principal amount of 4.05% senior notes that will mature on march 7, 2048. the net proceeds of the issuance, after the deduction of the underwriting discount and expenses payable by the company, totaled approximately $491 million. interest on the senior notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on march 7 and september 7. prior to september 7, 2047, the senior notes may be redeemed, in whole or in part, at the company's option, at any time or from time to time, at a redemption price equal to the greater of (a) 100% of the principal amount of any senior notes to be redeemed or (b) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest to but excluding september 7, 2047 on any senior notes to be redeemed (exclusive of interest accrued to the date of redemption) discounted to the date of redemption on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the then current treasury rate (as defined in the senior notes), plus 15 basis points. on or after september 7, 2047, the senior notes may be redeemed, in whole or in part, at the company's option, at any time or from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of any senior notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date.
2017.  on may 22, 2017, the company issued $700 million aggregate principal amount of 4.00% senior notes that will mature on may 30, 2047. the net proceeds of the issuance, after the deduction of the underwriting discount and expenses payable by the company, totaled approximately $689 million. interest on the senior notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on may 30 and november 30. prior to november 30, 2046, the senior notes may be redeemed, in whole or in part, at the company's option, at any time or from time to time, at a redemption price equal to the greater of (a) 100% of the principal amount of any senior notes to be redeemed or (b) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest to november 30, 2046 on any senior notes to be redeemed (exclusive of interest accrued to the date of redemption) discounted to the date of redemption on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the then current treasury rate (as defined in the senior notes), plus 15 basis points. on or after november 30, 2046, the senior notes may be redeemed, in whole or in part, at the company's option, at any time or from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of any senior notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date.
on june 2, 2017, the company redeemed the remaining $107 million aggregate principal amount of its 6.25% fixed-to-floating rate junior subordinated debentures due 2067 at a price per debenture of 100% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date. on december 15, 2017, the company's $450 million, 5.75% senior notes matured and were fully paid.
2016.  on may 11, 2016, the company issued $500 million aggregate principal amount of 3.75% senior notes that will mature on may 15, 2046. the net proceeds of the issuance, after the deduction of underwriting and other expenses, totaled approximately $491 million. interest on the senior notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on may 15 and november 15. prior to november 15, 2045, the senior notes may be redeemed, in whole or in part, at the company's option, at any time or from time to time, at a redemption price equal to the greater of (a) 100% of the principal amount of any senior notes to be redeemed or (b) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on any senior notes to be redeemed (exclusive of interest accrued to the date of redemption) discounted to the date of redemption on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the then current treasury rate (as defined in the senior notes), plus 20 basis points. on or after november 15, 2045, the senior notes may be redeemed, in whole or in part, at the company's option, at any time or from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of any senior notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date.
dividends.  dividends paid to shareholders were $814 million, $785 million and $757 million in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.  the declaration and payment of future dividends to holders of the company's common stock will be at the discretion of the company's board of directors and will depend upon many factors, including the company's financial position, earnings, capital requirements of the company's operating subsidiaries, legal requirements, regulatory constraints and other factors as the board of directors deems relevant. dividends will be paid by the company only if declared by its board of directors out of funds legally available, subject to any other restrictions that may be applicable to the company. on january 22, 2019, the company announced that its board of directors declared a regular quarterly dividend of $0.77 per share, payable march 29, 2019, to shareholders of record on march 11, 2019.
share repurchases.  the company's board of directors has approved common share repurchase authorizations under which repurchases may be made from time to time in the open market, pursuant to pre-set trading plans meeting the requirements of rule 10b5-1 under the securities exchange act of 1934, in private transactions or otherwise.  the authorizations do not have a stated expiration date. the timing and actual number of shares to be repurchased in the future will depend on a variety of factors, including the company's financial position, earnings, share price, catastrophe losses, maintaining capital levels commensurate with the company's desired ratings from independent rating agencies, funding of the company's qualified pension plan, capital requirements of the company's operating subsidiaries, legal requirements, regulatory constraints, other investment opportunities (including mergers and acquisitions and related financings), market conditions and other factors. in april 2017, the board of directors approved a share repurchase authorization that added an additional $5.0 billion of repurchase capacity. the following table summarizes repurchase activity in 2018 and the remaining repurchase capacity at december 31, 2018.
(in millions, except pershare amounts)quarterly period ending          number ofsharesrepurchased            cost of sharesrepurchased              average price paidper share       remaining capacityunder share repurchaseauthorization march 31, 2018                                                                2.5                                      $350                                 $141.84                                              $4,206
in 2018, 2017 and 2016, the company acquired 0.4 million, 0.5 million and 0.6 million shares, respectively, of common stock from employees as treasury stock primarily to cover payroll withholding taxes in connection with the vesting of restricted stock unit awards and performance share awards, and shares used by employees to cover the price of certain stock options that were exercised.
capital resources capital resources reflect the overall financial strength of the company and its ability to borrow funds at competitive rates and raise new capital to meet its needs.  the following table summarizes the components of the company's capital structure at december 31, 2018 and 2017.
shareholders' equity:
total shareholders' equity                                              22,894              23,731
total capitalization                                                   $29,458             $30,302
total capitalization at december 31, 2018 was $29.46 billion, $844 million lower than at december 31, 2017, primarily reflecting the impacts of (i) an increase in accumulated other comprehensive loss of $1.52 billion, primarily due to changes in unrealized appreciation on investments and unrealized foreign currency translation, (ii) common share repurchases totaling $1.27 billion under the company's share repurchase authorization and (iii) shareholder dividends of $818 million, partially offset by (iv) net income of $2.52 billion and (v) proceeds from the exercise of employee share options of $132 million.
the following table provides a reconciliation of total capitalization to total capitalization excluding net unrealized gains (losses) on investments, net of taxes, included in shareholders' equity:
total capitalization                                                                                                                       $29,458             $30,302
less: net unrealized gains (losses) on investments, net of taxes, included in shareholders' equity                                            (113   )           1,112
total capitalization excluding net unrealized gains (losses) on investments, net of taxes, included in shareholders' equity                $29,571             $29,190
debt-to-total capital ratio                                                                                                                   22.3   %            21.7   %
debt-to-total capital ratio excluding net unrealized gains (losses) on investments, net of taxes, included in shareholders' equity            22.2   %            22.5   %
the debt-to-total capital ratio excluding net unrealized gains (losses) on investments, net of taxes, included in shareholders' equity, is calculated by dividing (a) debt by (b) total capitalization excluding net unrealized gains and losses on investments, net of taxes, included in shareholders' equity. net unrealized gains and losses on investments can be significantly impacted by both interest rate movements and other economic factors. accordingly, in the opinion of the company's management, the debt-to-total capital ratio calculated on this basis provides another useful metric for investors to understand the company's financial leverage position. the company's ratio of debt-to-total capital excluding after-tax net unrealized investment losses included in shareholders' equity of 22.2% at december 31, 2018 was within the company's target range of 15% to 25%.
credit agreement. the company is a party to a five-year, $1.0 billion revolving credit agreement with a syndicate of financial institutions that expires on june 4, 2023.  terms of the credit agreement are discussed in more detail in note 8 of notes to the consolidated financial statements.
shelf registration.  the company has filed a universal shelf registration statement with the securities and exchange commission that expires on june 17, 2019 for the potential offering and sale of securities.  the company may offer these securities from time to time at prices and on other terms to be determined at the time of offering.
share repurchase authorization.  at december 31, 2018, the company had $3.29 billion of capacity remaining under its share repurchase authorization approved by the board of directors.
contractual obligations the following table summarizes, as of december 31, 2018, the company's future payments under contractual obligations and estimated claims and claim-related payments.  the table excludes short-term obligations and includes only liabilities at december 31, 2018 that are expected to be settled in cash.
the table below includes the amount and estimated future timing of claims and claim-related payments. the amounts do not represent the exact liability, but instead represent estimates, generally utilizing actuarial projection techniques, at a given accounting date. these estimates include expectations of what the ultimate settlement and administration of claims will cost based on the company's assessment of facts and circumstances known, review of historical settlement patterns, estimates of trends in claims severity, frequency, legal theories of liability and other factors. variables in the reserve estimation process can be affected by both internal and external events, such as changes in claims handling procedures, economic inflation or deflation, legal trends and legislative changes. many of these items are not directly quantifiable, particularly on a prospective basis. additionally, there may be significant reporting lags between the occurrence of the policyholder event and the time it is actually reported to the insurer. the future cash flows related to the items contained in the table below required estimation of both amount (including severity considerations) and timing. amount and timing are frequently estimated separately. an estimation of both amount and timing of future cash flows related to claims and claim-related payments has unavoidable estimation uncertainty.
purchase obligations information systems administration and maintenance commitments (3)             198                     130                      62                    6                      -
other purchase commitments (4)                                                 110                      44                      53                    2                     11
long-term unfunded investment commitments (5)                                1,612                     348                     505                  514                    245
reinsurance contracts accounted for as deposits (9)                              1                       -                       1                    -                      -
payout from ceded funds withheld (10)                                          105                      42                      12                   13                     38
liabilities related to unrecognized tax benefits (11)                           67                       -                      67                    -                      -
(1)   see note 8 of notes to the consolidated financial statements for a further discussion of outstanding indebtedness. because the amounts reported in the foregoing table include principal and interest, the total long-term debt obligations will not agree with the amounts reported in note 8.
(2)   represents agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business to lease office space, equipment and furniture. future sublease rental income aggregating approximately $1 million will partially offset these commitments.
(3)   includes agreements with vendors to purchase system software administration and maintenance services.
(4)   includes commitments to vendors entered into in the ordinary course of business for goods and services including property, plant and equipment, office supplies, archival services, etc.
(5)   represents estimated timing for fulfilling unfunded commitments for private equity limited partnerships and real estate partnerships, as well as a put/call option entered into by the company in connection with a business acquisition.
(6)   the amounts in "claims and claim adjustment expenses" in the table above represent the estimated timing of future payments for both reported and unreported claims incurred and related claim adjustment expenses, gross of reinsurance recoverables, excluding structured settlements expected to be paid by annuity companies.
the company has entered into reinsurance agreements to manage its exposure to losses and protect its capital as described in note 5 of notes to the consolidated financial statements.
in order to qualify for reinsurance accounting, a reinsurance agreement must indemnify the insurer from insurance risk, i.e., the agreement must transfer amount and timing risk. since the timing and amount of cash inflows from such reinsurance agreements are directly related to the underlying payment of claims and claim adjustment expenses by the insurer, reinsurance recoverables are recognized in a manner consistent with the liabilities (the estimated liability for claims and claim adjustment expenses) relating to the underlying reinsured contracts.  the presence of any feature that can delay timely reimbursement of claims by a reinsurer results in the reinsurance contract being accounted for as a deposit rather than reinsurance. the assumptions used in estimating the amount and timing of the reinsurance recoverables are consistent with those used in estimating the amount and timing of the related liabilities.
the company manages its business and evaluates its liabilities for claims and claim adjustment expenses on a net of reinsurance basis.  the estimated cash flows on a net of reinsurance basis are as follows:
for business underwritten by non-u.s. operations, future cash flows related to reported and unreported claims incurred and related claim adjustment expenses were translated at the spot rate on december 31, 2018.
the amounts reported in the table above and in the table of reinsurance recoverables above are presented on a nominal basis and have not been adjusted to reflect the time value of money. accordingly, the amounts above will differ from the company's balance sheet to the extent that the liability for claims and claim adjustment expenses and the related reinsurance recoverables have been discounted in the balance sheet. see note 1 of notes to the consolidated financial statements.
(7)   workers' compensation large deductible policies provide third-party coverage in which the company typically is responsible for paying the entire loss under such policies and then seeks reimbursement from the insured for the deductible amount. "claims from large deductible policies" represent the estimated future payment for claims and claim related expenses below the deductible amount, net of the estimated recovery of the deductible. the liability and the related deductible receivable for unpaid claims are presented in the consolidated balance sheet as "contractholder payables" and "contractholder receivables," respectively. most deductibles for such policies are paid directly from the policyholder's escrow, which is periodically replenished by the policyholder. the payment of the loss amounts above the deductible are reported within "claims and claim adjustment expenses" in the above table. because the timing of the collection of the deductible (contractholder receivables) occurs shortly after the payment of the deductible to a claimant (contractholder payables), these cash flows offset each other in the table.
(8)   the amounts in "loss-based assessments" relate to estimated future payments of second-injury fund assessments which would result from payment of current claim liabilities. second injury funds cover the cost of any additional benefits for aggravation of a pre-existing condition. for loss-based assessments, the cost is shared by the insurance industry and self-insureds, funded through assessments to insurance companies and self-insureds based on losses. amounts relating to second-injury fund assessments are included in "other liabilities" in the consolidated balance sheet.
(9)   the amounts in "reinsurance contracts accounted for as deposits" represent estimated future nominal payments for reinsurance agreements that are accounted for as deposits. amounts payable under deposit agreements are included in "other liabilities" in the consolidated balance sheet.
(10)   the amounts in "payout from ceded funds withheld" represent estimated payments for losses and return of funds held related to certain reinsurance arrangements whereby the company holds a portion of the premium due to the reinsurer and is allowed to pay claims from the amounts held.
(11)   the company's current liabilities related to unrecognized tax benefits from uncertain tax positions are $67 million. offsetting these liabilities are deferred tax assets of $27 million associated with the temporary differences that would exist if these positions become realized.
the above table does not include an analysis of liabilities reported for structured settlements for which the company has purchased annuities and remains contingently liable in the event of default by the company issuing the annuity. the company is not reasonably likely to incur material future payment obligations under such agreements. in addition, the company is not currently subject to any minimum funding requirements for its qualified pension plan. accordingly, future contributions are not included in the foregoing table.
dividend availability the company's principal insurance subsidiaries are domiciled in the state of connecticut. the insurance holding company laws of connecticut applicable to the company's subsidiaries requires notice to, and approval by, the state insurance commissioner for the declaration or payment of any dividend that, together with other distributions made within the preceding twelve months, exceeds the greater of 10% of the insurer's statutory capital and surplus as of the preceding december 31, or the insurer's net income for the twelve-month period ending the preceding december 31, in each case determined in accordance with statutory accounting practices and by state regulation. this declaration or payment is further limited by adjusted unassigned surplus, as determined in accordance with statutory accounting practices. the insurance holding company laws of other states in which the company's subsidiaries are domiciled generally contain similar, although in some instances somewhat more restrictive, limitations on the payment of dividends. a maximum of $2.52 billion is available by the end of 2019 for such dividends to the holding company, trv, without prior approval of the connecticut insurance department. the company may choose to accelerate the timing within 2019 and/or increase the amount of dividends from its insurance subsidiaries in 2019, which could result in certain dividends being subject to approval by the connecticut insurance department.
in addition to the regulatory restrictions on the availability of dividends that can be paid by the company's u.s. insurance subsidiaries, the maximum amount of dividends that may be paid to the company's shareholders is limited, to a lesser degree, by certain covenants contained in its line of credit agreement with a syndicate of financial institutions that require the company to maintain a minimum consolidated net worth as described in note 8 of notes to the consolidated financial statements.
trv is not dependent on dividends or other forms of repatriation from its foreign operations to support its liquidity needs. the undistributed earnings of the company's foreign operations are intended to be permanently reinvested in those operations, and such earnings were not material to the company's financial position or liquidity at december 31, 2018.
trv and its two non-insurance holding company subsidiaries received dividends of $2.30 billion, $2.33 billion and $3.05 billion from their u.s. insurance subsidiaries in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
pension and other postretirement benefit plans the company sponsors a qualified non-contributory defined benefit pension plan (the qualified plan), which covers substantially all u.s. domestic employees and provides benefits primarily under a cash balance formula. in addition, the company sponsors a nonqualified defined benefit pension plan which covers certain highly-compensated employees, pension plans for employees of its foreign subsidiaries, and a postretirement health and life insurance benefit plan for employees satisfying certain age and service requirements and for certain retirees.
the qualified plan is subject to regulations under the employee retirement income security act of 1974 as amended (erisa), which requires plans to meet minimum standards of funding and requires such plans to subscribe to plan termination insurance through the pension benefit guaranty corporation (pbgc). the company does not have a minimum funding requirement for the qualified plan for 2019 and does not anticipate having a minimum funding requirement in 2020. the company has significant discretion in making contributions above those necessary to satisfy the minimum funding requirements. in 2018, 2017 and 2016, there was no minimum funding requirement for the qualified plan.  in 2018, 2017 and 2016, the company voluntarily made contributions totaling $200 million, $300 million and $200 million, respectively, to the qualified plan.  based on its funded status at december 31, 2018, the company does not currently anticipate making a voluntary contribution to the qualified plan in 2019. in determining future contributions, the company will consider the performance of the plan's investment portfolio, the effects of interest rates on the projected benefit obligation of the plan and the company's other capital requirements.
the qualified plan assets are managed to maximize long-term total return while maintaining an appropriate level of risk. the company's overall strategy is to achieve a mix of approximately 85% to 90% of investments for long-term growth and 10% to 15% for near-term benefit payments with a diversification of asset types, fund strategies and fund managers. the current target allocations for plan assets are 55% to 65% equity securities and 20% to 40% fixed income securities, with the remainder allocated to short-term securities. for 2019, the company plans to apply an expected long-term rate of return on plan assets of 7.00%, the same rate that was applied in 2018. the expected rate of return reflects the company's current expectations with regard to long-term returns in the capital markets, taking into account the pension plan's asset allocation targets, the historical performance and current valuation of u.s. and international equities, and the level of long term interest rate and inflation expectations. the company's expected long-term rate of return on plan assets also contemplates a return to more normal levels of long-term interest rates in the future.
for further discussion of the pension and other postretirement benefit plans, see note 14 of notes to the consolidated financial statements.
risk-based capital the naic has an rbc requirement for most property and casualty insurance companies, which determines minimum capital requirements and is intended to raise the level of protection for policyholder obligations. the company's u.s. insurance subsidiaries are subject to these naic rbc requirements based on laws that have been adopted by individual states. these requirements subject insurers having policyholders' surplus less than that required by the rbc calculation to varying degrees of regulatory action, depending on the level of capital inadequacy. each of the company's u.s. insurance subsidiaries had policyholders' surplus at december 31, 2018 significantly above the level at which any rbc regulatory action would occur.  regulators in the jurisdictions in which the company's foreign insurance subsidiaries are located require insurance companies to maintain certain levels of capital depending on, among other things, the type and amount of insurance policies written.  each of the company's foreign insurance subsidiaries had capital significantly above their respective regulatory requirements at december 31, 2018.
off-balance sheet arrangements the company has entered into certain contingent obligations for guarantees related to selling businesses to third parties, certain investments, third-party loans related to certain investments, certain insurance policy obligations of former insurance subsidiaries and various other indemnifications. see note 16 of notes to the consolidated financial statements. the company does not expect these arrangements will have a material effect on the company's financial position, changes in financial position, revenues and expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources.
critical accounting estimates the company considers its most significant accounting estimates to be those applied to claims and claim adjustment expense reserves and related reinsurance recoverables, investment valuation and impairments, and goodwill and other intangible assets impairments.
(in millions)                                               case                ibnr               total                case                ibnr               total general liability                                     $4,780              $7,092             $11,872              $4,878              $6,823             $11,701
fidelity and surety                                      280                 288                 568                 274                 300                 574
asbestos and environmental reserves are included in the general liability, commercial multi-peril and international and other lines in the foregoing summary table. asbestos and environmental reserves are discussed separately; see "asbestos claims and litigation", "environmental claims and litigation" and "uncertainty regarding adequacy of asbestos and environmental reserves."
claims and claim adjustment expense reserves represent management's estimate of the ultimate liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses for claims that have been reported and claims that have been incurred but not yet reported (ibnr) as of the balance sheet date. claims and claim adjustment expense reserves do not represent an exact calculation of liability, but instead represent management estimates, primarily utilizing actuarial expertise and projection methods. these estimates are expectations of what the ultimate settlement and administration of claims will cost upon final resolution in the future, based on the company's assessment of facts and circumstances then known, review of historical settlement patterns, estimates of trends in claims severity and frequency, expected interpretations of legal theories of liability and other factors. in establishing gross claims and claim adjustment expense reserves, the company also considers salvage and subrogation. estimated recoveries from reinsurance are included in "reinsurance recoverables" as an asset on the company's consolidated balance sheet. the claims and claim adjustment expense reserves are reviewed regularly by qualified actuaries employed by the company.
the process of estimating claims and claim adjustment expense reserves involves a high degree of judgment and is subject to a number of variables. these variables can be affected by both internal and external events, such as changes in claims handling procedures, changes in individuals involved in the reserve estimation process, economic inflation, legal trends and legislative changes, among others. the impact of many of these items on ultimate costs for claims and claim adjustment expenses is difficult to estimate. estimation difficulties also differ significantly by product line due to differences in claim complexity, the volume of claims, the potential severity of individual claims, the determination of occurrence date for a claim and reporting lags (the time between the occurrence of the policyholder event and when it is actually reported to the insurer). informed judgment is applied throughout the process, including the application of various individual experiences and expertise to multiple sets of data and analyses. the company continually refines its estimates in a regular ongoing process as historical loss experience develops and additional claims are reported and settled. the company rigorously attempts to consider all significant facts and circumstances known at the time claims and claim adjustment expense reserves are established. due to the inherent uncertainty underlying these estimates including, but not limited to, the future settlement environment, final resolution of the estimated liability for claims and claim adjustment expenses may be higher or lower than the related claims and claim adjustment expense reserves at the reporting date. therefore, actual paid losses, as claims are settled in the future, may be materially different than the amount currently recorded-favorable or unfavorable.
there are also additional risks which impact the estimation of ultimate costs for catastrophes. for example, the estimation of reserves related to hurricanes, tornadoes, wildfires and other catastrophic events can be affected by the inability of the company and its insureds to access portions of the impacted areas, the complexity of factors contributing to the losses, the legal and regulatory uncertainties, including the interpretation of policy terms and conditions, and the nature of the information available to establish the reserves. complex factors include, but are not limited to: determining whether damage was caused by flooding versus wind; evaluating general liability and pollution exposures; estimating additional living expenses; estimating the impact of demand surge, infrastructure disruption, fraud, the effect of mold damage and business interruption costs; and reinsurance collectibility. the timing of a catastrophe, such as at or near the end of a reporting period, can also affect the information available to the company in estimating reserves for that reporting period. the estimates related to catastrophes are adjusted as actual claims emerge.
a portion of the company's gross claims and claim adjustment expense reserves (totaling $1.97 billion at december 31, 2018) are for asbestos and environmental claims and related litigation. while the ongoing review of asbestos and environmental claims and associated liabilities considers the inconsistencies of court decisions as to coverage, plaintiffs' expanded theories of liability and the risks inherent in complex litigation and other uncertainties, in the opinion of the company's management, it is possible that the outcome of the continued uncertainties regarding these claims could result in liability in future periods that differs from current insurance reserves by an amount that could be material to the company's future operating results. see the preceding discussion of "asbestos claims and litigation" and "environmental claims and litigation."
general discussion the process for estimating the liabilities for claims and claim adjustment expenses begins with the collection and analysis of claim data. data on individual reported claims, both current and historical, including paid amounts and individual claim adjuster estimates, are grouped by common characteristics (components) and evaluated by actuaries in their analyses of ultimate claim liabilities. such data is occasionally supplemented with external data as available and when appropriate. the process of analyzing reserves for a component is undertaken on a regular basis, generally quarterly, in light of continually updated information.
multiple estimation methods are available for the analysis of ultimate claim liabilities. each estimation method has its own set of assumption variables and its own advantages and disadvantages, with no single estimation method being better than the others in all situations and no one set of assumption variables being meaningful for all product line components. the relative strengths and weaknesses of the particular estimation methods when applied to a particular group of claims can also change over time. therefore, the actual choice of estimation method(s) can change with each evaluation. the estimation method(s) chosen are those that are believed to produce the most reliable indication at that particular evaluation date for the claim liabilities being evaluated.
in most cases, multiple estimation methods will be valid for the particular facts and circumstances of the claim liabilities being evaluated. this will result in a range of reasonable estimates for any particular claim liability. the company uses such range analyses to back test whether previously established estimates for reserves by reporting segments are reasonable, given available information. reported values found to be closer to the endpoints of a range of reasonable estimates are subject to further detailed reviews. these reviews may substantiate the validity of management's recorded estimate or lead to a change in the reported estimate.
the exact boundary points of these ranges are more qualitative than quantitative in nature, as no clear line of demarcation exists to determine when the set of underlying assumptions for an estimation method switches from being reasonable to unreasonable. as a result, the company does not believe that the endpoints of these ranges are or would be comparable across companies. in addition, potential interactions among the different estimation assumptions for different product lines make the aggregation of individual ranges a highly judgmental and inexact process.
property-casualty insurance policies are either written on a "claims-made" or on an "occurrence" basis. claims-made policies generally cover, subject to requirements in individual policies, claims reported during the policy period. policies that are written on an occurrence basis require that the insured demonstrate that a loss occurred in the policy period, even if the insured reports the loss many years later.
most general liability policies are written on an occurrence basis. these policies are subject to substantial loss development over time as facts and circumstances change in the years following the policy issuance. the occurrence form, which accounts for much of the reserve development in asbestos and environmental exposures, is also used to provide coverage for construction general
liability, including construction defect. occurrence-based forms of insurance for general liability exposures require substantial projection of loss trends, which can be influenced by a number of factors, including future inflation, judicial interpretations and societal litigation trends (e.g., size of jury awards and propensity of individuals to pursue litigation), among others.
a basic premise in most actuarial analyses is that past patterns demonstrated in the data will repeat themselves in the future, absent a material change in the associated risk factors discussed below. to the extent a material change affecting the ultimate claim liability is known, such change is estimated to the extent possible through an analysis of internal company data and, if available and when appropriate, external data. such a measurement is specific to the facts and circumstances of the particular claim portfolio and the known change being evaluated. significant structural changes to the available data, product mix or organization can materially impact the reserve estimation process. in addition, the introduction of new products creates a unique risk as historical company data would typically not be available.
informed judgment is applied throughout the reserving process. this includes the application of various individual experiences and expertise to multiple sets of data and analyses. in addition to actuaries, experts involved with the reserving process also include underwriting and claims personnel and lawyers, as well as other company management. therefore, management may have to consider varying individual viewpoints as part of its estimation of claims and claim adjustment expense reserves. it is also likely that during periods of significant change, such as a merger, consistent application of informed judgment becomes even more complicated and difficult.
the variables discussed above in this general discussion have different impacts on reserve estimation uncertainty for a given product line, depending on the length of the claim tail, the reporting lag, the impact of individual claims and the complexity of the claim process for a given product line.
product lines are generally classifiable as either long tail or short tail, based on the average length of time between the event triggering claims under a policy and the final resolution of those claims. short tail claims are reported and settled quickly, resulting in less estimation variability. the longer the time to final claim resolution, the greater the exposure to estimation risks and hence the greater the estimation uncertainty.
a major component of the claim tail is the reporting lag. the reporting lag, which is the time between the event triggering a claim and the reporting of the claim to the insurer, makes estimating ibnr inherently more uncertain. in addition, the greater the reporting lag, the greater the proportion of ibnr to the total claim liability for the product line. writing new products with material reporting lags can result in adding several years' worth of ibnr claim exposure before the reporting lag exposure becomes clearly observable, thereby increasing the risk associated with estimating the liabilities for claims and claim adjustment expenses for such products. the most extreme example of claim liabilities with long reporting lags are asbestos claims.
for some lines, the impact of large individual claims can be material to the analysis. these lines are generally referred to as being "low frequency/high severity," while lines without this "large claim" sensitivity are referred to as "high frequency/low severity." estimates of claim liabilities for low frequency/high severity lines can be sensitive to the impact of a small number of potentially large claims. as a result, the role of judgment is much greater for these reserve estimates. in contrast, for high frequency/low severity lines the impact of individual claims is relatively minor and the range of reasonable reserve estimates is likely narrower and more stable.
claim complexity can also greatly affect the estimation process by impacting the number of assumptions needed to produce the estimate, the potential stability of the underlying data and claim process, and the ability to gain an understanding of the data. product lines with greater claim complexity, such as for certain surety and construction exposures, have inherently greater estimation uncertainty.
actuaries have to exercise a considerable degree of judgment in the evaluation of all these factors in their analysis of reserves. the human element in the application of actuarial judgment is unavoidable when faced with material uncertainty. different actuaries may choose different assumptions when faced with such uncertainty, based on their individual backgrounds, professional experiences and areas of focus. hence, the estimates selected by the various actuaries may differ materially from each other.
lastly, significant structural changes to the available data, product mix or organization can also materially impact the reserve estimation process. events such as mergers increase the inherent uncertainty of reserve estimates for a period of time, until stable trends re-establish themselves within the new organization.
risk factors the major causes of material uncertainty ("risk factors") generally will vary for each product line, as well as for each separately analyzed component of the product line. in a few cases, such risk factors are explicit assumptions of the estimation method, but in most cases, they are implicit. for example, a method may explicitly assume that a certain percentage of claims will close each year, but will implicitly assume that the legal interpretation of existing contract language will remain unchanged. actual results will likely vary from expectations for each of these assumptions, causing actual paid losses, as claims are settled in the future, to be different in amount than the reserves being estimated currently.
some risk factors will affect more than one product line. examples include changes in claim department practices, changes in settlement patterns, regulatory and legislative actions, court actions, timeliness of claim reporting, state mix of claimants and degree of claimant fraud. the extent of the impact of a risk factor will also vary by components within a product line. individual risk factors are also subject to interactions with other risk factors within product line components.
the effect of a particular risk factor on estimates of claim liabilities cannot be isolated in most cases. for example, estimates of potential claim settlements may be impacted by the risk associated with potential court rulings, but the final settlement agreement typically does not delineate how much of the settled amount is due to this and other factors.
while some changes in the claim environment are sudden in nature (such as a new court ruling affecting the interpretation of all contracts in that jurisdiction), others are more evolutionary. evolutionary changes can occur when multiple factors affect final claim values, with the uncertainty surrounding each factor being resolved separately, in stepwise fashion. the final impact is not known until all steps have occurred.
sudden changes generally cause a one-time shift in claim liability estimates, although there may be some lag in reliable quantification of their impact. evolutionary changes generally cause a series of shifts in claim liability estimates, as each component of the evolutionary change becomes evident and estimable.
actuarial methods for analyzing and estimating claims and claim adjustment expense reserves the principal estimation and analysis methods utilized by the company's actuaries to evaluate management's existing estimates for prior accident periods are the paid loss development method, the case incurred development method, the bornhuetter-ferguson (bf) method, and average value analysis combined with the reported claim development method. the bf method is usually utilized for more recent accident periods, with a transition to other methods as the underlying claim data becomes more voluminous and therefore more credible. these estimation and analysis methods are typically referred to as conventional actuarial methods. (see note 7 of notes to the consolidated financial statements for an explanation of these methods).
while the company utilizes these conventional actuarial methods to estimate the claims liability for its various businesses, company actuaries evaluating a particular component for a product line may select from the full range of methods developed within the casualty actuarial profession. the company's actuaries are also continually monitoring developments within the profession for advances in existing techniques or the creation of new techniques that might improve current and future estimates.
some components of a product line may be susceptible to infrequent large claims or not be subject to conventional methods. in such cases, the company's actuarial analysis will isolate such components for review. the reserves excluding such large claims are generally analyzed using the conventional methods described above. the reserves associated with large claims are then analyzed utilizing various methods, such as:
•   estimating the number of large claims and their average values based on historical trends from prior accident periods, adjusted for the current environment and supplemented with actual data for the accident year analyzed to the extent available.
•   utilizing individual claim adjuster estimates of the large claims, combined with continual monitoring of the aggregate accuracy of such claim adjuster estimates. (this monitoring may lead to supplemental adjustments to the aggregate of such claim estimates).
the results of such methodologies are subjected to various reasonability and diagnostic tests, including implied incurred-loss-to-earned-premium ratios, non-zero claim severity trends and paid-to-incurred loss ratios. an actual versus expected analysis is also performed comparing actual loss development to expected development embedded within management's estimate. additional analyses may be performed based on the results of these diagnostics, including the investigation of other actuarial methods.
the methods described above are generally utilized to evaluate management's estimate for prior accident periods. for the initial estimate of the current accident year, however, the available claim data is typically insufficient to produce a reliable indication. as a result, the initial estimate for an accident year is generally based on an exposure-based method using either the loss ratio projection method or the expected loss method. the loss ratio projection method, which is typically used for guaranteed-cost business, develops an initial estimate for an accident year by multiplying earned premiums for the accident year by a projected loss ratio. the projected loss ratio is determined by analyzing prior period experience, and adjusting for loss cost trends, rate level differences, mix of business changes and other known or observed factors influencing the current accident year relative to prior accident years. the exact number of prior accident years utilized varies by product line component, based on the stability and consistency of the individual accident year estimates. the expected loss method, which is typically used for loss sensitive business, develops an initial estimate of ultimate claims and claim adjustment expenses for an accident year by analyzing exposures by account.
management's estimates at least once per quarter, certain members of company management meet with the company's actuaries to review the latest claims and claim adjustment expense reserve analyses. based on these analyses, management determines whether its ultimate claim liability estimates should be changed. in doing so, it must evaluate whether the new data provided represents credible actionable information or an anomaly that will have no effect on estimated ultimate claim liability. for example, as described above, payments may have decreased in one geographic region due to fewer claim adjusters being available to process claims. the resulting claim payment patterns would be analyzed to determine whether or not the change in payment pattern represents a change in ultimate claim liability.
such an assessment requires considerable judgment. it is frequently not possible to determine whether a change in the data is an anomaly until sometime after the event. even if a change is determined to be permanent, it is not always possible to reliably determine the extent of the change until sometime later. the overall detailed analyses supporting such an effort can take several months to perform as the underlying causes of the trends observed need to be evaluated, which may require the gathering or assembling of data not previously available. it may also include interviews with experts involved with the underlying processes. as a result, there can be a time lag between the emergence of a change and a determination that the change should be reflected in the company's estimated claim liabilities. the final estimate selected by management in a reporting period is based on these various detailed analyses of past data, adjusted to reflect any new actionable information.
the audit committee of the board of directors reviews the process by which the company establishes reserves for the purpose of the company's financial statements.
discussion of product lines the following section details reserving considerations and common risk factors by product line. there are many additional risk factors that may impact ultimate claim costs. each risk factor presented will have a different impact on required reserves. also, risk factors can have offsetting or compounding effects on required reserves. for example, in workers' compensation, the use of expensive medical procedures that result in medical cost inflation may enable workers to return to work faster, thereby lowering indemnity costs. thus, in almost all cases, it is impossible to discretely measure the effect of a single risk factor and construct a meaningful sensitivity expectation.
in order to provide information on reasonably possible reserving changes by product line, the historical changes in year-end claims and claim adjustment expense reserves over a one-year period are provided for the u.s. product lines. this information is provided for both the company and the industry for the nine most recent years, and is based on the most recent publicly available data for the reported line(s) that most closely match the individual product line being discussed. these changes were calculated, net of reinsurance, from statutory annual statement data found in schedule p of those statements, and represent the reported reserve development on the beginning-of-the-year claim liabilities divided by the beginning claim liabilities, all accident years combined, excluding non-defense related claim adjustment expense. data presented for the company includes history for the entire travelers group (u.s. companies only), as required by the statutory reporting instructions promulgated by state regulatory authorities for schedule p. comparable data for non-u.s. companies is not available.
general liability general liability is generally considered a long tail line, as it takes a relatively long period of time to finalize and settle claims from a given accident year. the speed of claim reporting and claim settlement is a function of the characteristics of claims, including specific coverage provided, the jurisdiction and specific policy provisions such as self-insured retentions, among others. there are numerous components underlying the general liability product line. some of these have relatively moderate payment patterns (with most of the claims for a given accident year closed within five to seven years), while others can have extreme lags in both reporting and payment of claims (e.g., a reporting lag of a decade or more for "construction defect" claims).
while the majority of general liability coverages are written on an "occurrence" basis, certain general liability coverages (such as those covering management and professional liability, including cyber coverages) are typically insured on a "claims-made" basis.
general liability reserves are generally analyzed as two components: primary and excess/umbrella, with the primary component generally analyzed separately for bodily injury and property damage. bodily injury liability payments reimburse the claimant for damages pertaining to physical injury as a result of the policyholder's legal obligation arising from non-intentional acts such as negligence, subject to the insurance policy provisions. in some cases the damages can include future wage loss (which is a function of future earnings power and wage inflation) and future medical treatment costs. property damage liability payments result from damages to the claimant's private property arising from the policyholder's legal obligation for non-intentional acts. in most cases, property damage losses are a function of costs as of the loss date, or soon thereafter.
in addition, sizable or unique exposures are reviewed separately. these exposures include asbestos, environmental, other mass torts, construction defect and large unique accounts that would otherwise distort the analysis. these unique categories often require a very high degree of judgment and require reserve analyses that do not rely on conventional actuarial methods.
defense costs are also a part of the insured costs covered by liability policies and can be significant, sometimes greater than the cost of the actual paid claims. for some products this risk is mitigated by policy language such that the insured portion of defense costs is included in the policy limit available to pay the claim. such "defense within the limits" policies are most common for "claims-made" products. when defense costs are outside of the policy limits, the full amount of the policy limit is available to pay claims and the amounts paid for defense costs have no contractual limit.
this line is typically the largest source of reserve estimate uncertainty in the united states (excluding assumed reinsurance contracts covering the same risk). major contributors to this reserve estimate uncertainty include the reporting lag (i.e., the length of time between the event triggering coverage and the actual reporting of the claim), the number of parties involved in the underlying tort action, whether the "event" triggering coverage is confined to only one time period or is spread over multiple time periods, the potential dollars involved (in the individual claim actions), whether such claims were reasonably foreseeable and intended to be covered at the time the contracts were written (i.e., coverage dispute potential), and the potential for mass claim actions. claims with longer reporting lags result in greater estimation uncertainty. this is especially true for alleged claims with a latency feature, particularly where courts have ruled that coverage is spread over multiple policy years, hence involving multiple defendants (and their insurers and reinsurers) and multiple policies (thereby increasing the potential dollars involved and the underlying settlement complexity). claims with long latencies also increase the potential recognition lag (i.e., the lag between writing a type of policy in a certain market and the recognition that such policies have potential mass tort and/or latent claim exposure).
the amount of reserve estimate uncertainty also varies significantly by component for the general liability product line. the components in this product line with the longest latency, longest reporting lags, largest potential dollars involved and greatest claim settlement complexity are asbestos and environmental. components that include latency, reporting lag and/or complexity issues, but to a materially lesser extent than asbestos and environmental, include construction defect and other mass tort actions. many components of general liability are not subject to material latency or claim complexity risks and hence have materially less uncertainty than the previously mentioned components. in general, components with shorter reporting lags, fewer parties involved in settlement negotiations, only one policy potentially triggered per claim, fewer potential settlement dollars, reasonably foreseeable (and stable) potential hazards/claims and no mass tort potential result in much less reserve estimate uncertainty than components without those characteristics.
in addition to the conventional actuarial methods mentioned in the general discussion section, the company utilizes various report year development methods for the construction defect components of this product line. the construction defect report year development analysis is supplemented with projected claim counts and average values for ibnr claim counts. for components with greater lags in claim reporting, such as excess and umbrella components of this product line, the company relies more heavily on the bf method than on the paid and case incurred development methods.
examples of common risk factors, or perceptions thereof, that could change and, thus, affect the required general liability reserves (beyond those included in the general discussion section) include:
general liability risk factors
•   new or expanded theories of liability
•   changes in the propensity to sue, in general with specificity to particular issues
•   changes in the propensity to litigate rather than settle a claim
•   changes in statutes of limitations
•   shifts in lawsuit mix between federal and state courts
•   changes in settlement patterns general liability book of business risk factors
•   changes in policy provisions (e.g., deductibles, policy limits, endorsements)
•   changes in underwriting standards
unanticipated changes in risk factors can affect reserves. as an indicator of the causal effect that a change in one or more risk factors could have on reserves for general liability (excluding asbestos and environmental), a 1% increase (decrease) in incremental paid loss development for each future calendar year could result in a 1.5% increase (decrease) in claims and claim adjustment expense reserves.
historically, the one-year change in the reserve estimate for this product line, excluding estimated asbestos and environmental amounts, over the last nine years has varied from -8% to -1% (averaging -4%) for the company, and from -4% to 0% (averaging -2%) for the industry overall.  the company's year-to-year changes are driven by, and are based on, observed events during the year.  the company believes that its range of historical outcomes is illustrative of reasonably possible one-year changes in reserve estimates for this product line.  general liability reserves (excluding asbestos and environmental) represent approximately 20% of the company's total claims and claim adjustment expense reserves.
the company's change in reserve estimate for this product line, excluding estimated asbestos and environmental amounts, was -1% for 2018, -4% for 2017 and -4% for 2016. the 2018 change primarily reflected better than expected loss experience for management liability coverages in bond & specialty insurance for accident years 2013 through 2015, partially offset by higher than expected loss experience for both primary and excess coverages in business insurance for accident years 2012 through 2017. the 2017 change primarily reflected better than expected loss experience for both primary and excess coverages for accident years 2009 through 2016. the 2016 change primarily reflected better than expected loss experience for both primary and excess coverages for accident years 2015 and prior.
commercial property commercial property is generally considered a short tail line with a simpler and faster claim reporting and adjustment process than liability coverages, and less uncertainty in the reserve setting process (except for more complex business interruption claims). it is generally viewed as a moderate frequency, low to moderate severity line, except for catastrophes and coverage related to large properties. the claim reporting and settlement process for property coverage claim reserves is generally restricted to the insured and the insurer. overall, the claim liabilities for this line create a low estimation risk, except possibly for catastrophes and business interruption claims.
•   availability and cost of local contractors
•   court interpretation of policy provisions (such as occurrence definition, or wind versus flooding)
•   court or legislative changes to the statute of limitations commercial property book of business risk factors
•   policy provisions mix (e.g., deductibles, policy limits, endorsements)
•   changes in underwriting standards unanticipated changes in risk factors can affect reserves. as an indicator of the causal effect that a change in one or more risk factors could have on reserves for property, a 1% increase (decrease) in incremental paid loss development for each future calendar year could result in a 1.1% increase (decrease) in claims and claim adjustment expense reserves.
historically, the one-year change in the reserve estimate for this product line over the last nine years has varied from -25% to -5% (averaging -15%) for the company, and from -14% to -5% (averaging -8%) for the industry overall. the company's year-to-year changes are driven by, and are based on, observed events during the year. the company believes that its range of historical outcomes is illustrative of reasonably possible one-year changes in reserve estimates for this product line. commercial property reserves represent approximately 3% of the company's total claims and claim adjustment expense reserves.
since commercial property is considered a short tail coverage, the one year change for commercial property can be more volatile than that for the longer tail product lines. this is due to the fact that the majority of the reserve for commercial property relates to the most recent accident year, which is subject to the most uncertainty for all product lines. this recent accident year uncertainty is relevant to commercial property because of weather-related events which tend to be concentrated in the second half of the year, and generally are not completely resolved until the following year. reserve estimates associated with major catastrophes may take even longer to resolve. the reserve estimates for this product line are also potentially subject to material changes due to uncertainty in measuring ultimate losses for significant catastrophes such as storm sandy and wildfires.
commercial multi-peril commercial multi-peril provides a combination of property and liability coverage typically for small businesses and, therefore, includes both short and long tail coverages. for property coverage, it generally takes a relatively short period of time to close claims, while for the other coverages, generally for the liability coverages, it takes a longer period of time to close claims.
the reserving risk for this line is dominated by the liability coverage portion of this product, except occasionally in the event of catastrophic or other large single loss events. the reserving risk for this line differs from that of the general liability product line and the property product line due to the nature of the customer. commercial multi-peril is generally sold to small- to mid-sized accounts, while the customer profile for general liability and commercial property includes larger customers.
see "commercial property risk factors" and "general liability risk factors," discussed above, with regard to reserving risk for commercial multi-peril.
historically, the one-year change in the reserve estimate for this product line, excluding estimated asbestos and environmental amounts, over the last nine years has varied from -5% to 5% (averaging 1%) for the company, and from -4% to 1% (averaging -2%) for the industry overall. the company's year-to-year changes are driven by, and are based on, observed events during the year. the company believes that its range of historical outcomes is illustrative of reasonably possible one-year changes in reserve estimates for this product line. commercial multi-peril reserves (excluding asbestos and environmental reserves) represent approximately 8% of the company's total claims and claim adjustment expense reserves.
as discussed above, this line combines general liability and commercial property coverages and it has been impacted in the past by many of the same events as those two lines.
the company's change in reserve estimate for this product line was 1% for 2018, -5% for 2017 and 1% for 2016. the 2018 change primarily reflected higher than expected loss experience for liability coverages for accident year 2017. the 2017 change primarily reflected better than expected loss experience for liability coverages for accident years 2016 and prior. the 2016 change primarily reflected higher than expected loss experience for property coverages related to non-catastrophe losses for accident year 2015.
commercial automobile the commercial automobile product line is a mix of property and liability coverages and, therefore, includes both short and long tail coverages. the payments that are made quickly typically pertain to auto physical damage (property) claims and property damage (liability) claims. the payments that take longer to finalize and are more difficult to estimate relate to bodily injury claims. in general, claim reporting lags are generally short, claim complexity is not a major issue, and the line is viewed as high frequency, low to moderate severity. overall, the claim liabilities for this line create a moderate estimation risk. recently, the company has seen more of an increase in the rate of attorney involvement than it had anticipated and a lengthening of the claim development pattern. as a consequence, the company has experienced a higher level of bodily injury severity than it had anticipated.
commercial automobile reserves are typically analyzed in four components: bodily injury liability; property damage liability; collision claims; and comprehensive claims. these last two components have minimum reserve risk and fast payouts and, accordingly, separate risk factors are not presented.
the company utilizes the conventional actuarial methods mentioned in the general discussion above in estimating claim liabilities for this line. this is supplemented with detailed custom analyses where needed.
bodily injury and property damage liability risk factors
•   litigation trends
•   frequency of claims with payment capped by policy limits
•   change in average severity of accidents, or proportion of severe accidents
•   subrogation opportunities
•   frequency of visits to health providers
•   number of medical procedures given during visits to health providers
•   changes in policy provisions (e.g., deductibles, policy limits, endorsements, etc.)
•   changes in underwriting standards unanticipated changes in risk factors can affect reserves. as an indicator of the causal effect that a change in one or more risk factors could have on reserves for commercial automobile, a 1% increase (decrease) in incremental paid loss development for each future calendar year could result in a 1.3% increase (decrease) in claims and claim adjustment expense reserves.
historically, the one-year change in the reserve estimate for this product line over the last nine years has varied from -2% to 11% (averaging 3%) for the company, and from -3% to 7% (averaging 2%) for the industry overall. the company's year-to-year changes are driven by, and are based on, observed events during the year. the company believes that its range of historical outcomes is illustrative of reasonably possible one-year changes in reserve estimates for this product line. commercial automobile reserves represent approximately 8% of the company's total claims and claim adjustment expense reserves.
the company's change in reserve estimate for this product line was 11% for 2018, 4% for 2017 and -1% for 2016. the 2018 change primarily reflected higher than expected loss experience for liability coverages for accident years 2014 through 2017. the 2017 change primarily reflected higher than expected loss experience for liability coverages for accident years 2013 through 2016. the 2016 change primarily reflected better than expected loss experience for accident years 2011 and prior.
workers' compensation workers' compensation is generally considered a long tail coverage, as it takes a relatively long period of time to finalize claims from a given accident year. while certain payments such as initial medical treatment or temporary wage replacement for the injured worker are made quickly, some other payments are made over the course of several years, such as awards for permanent partial injuries. in addition, some payments can run as long as the injured worker's life, such as permanent disability benefits and on-going medical care. despite the possibility of long payment tails, the reporting lags are generally short, payment obligations are generally not complex, and most of the liability can be considered high frequency with moderate severity. the largest reserve risk generally comes from the low frequency, high severity claims providing lifetime coverage for medical expense arising from a worker's injury, as such claims are subject to greater inflation risk. overall, the claim liabilities for this line create a somewhat greater than moderate estimation risk.
workers' compensation reserves are typically analyzed in three components: indemnity losses, medical losses and claim adjustment expenses.
indemnity risk factors
•   degree of available transitional jobs
•   future wage inflation for states that index benefits
•   frequency of visits to health providers
•   number of medical procedures given during visits to health providers
•   availability of new medical processes and equipment
•   mortality trends of injured workers with lifetime benefits and medical treatment
•   changes in statutory benefits
•   changes in underwriting standards unanticipated changes in risk factors can affect reserves. as an indicator of the causal effect that a change in one or more risk factors could have on reserves for workers' compensation, a 1% increase (decrease) in incremental paid loss development for each future calendar year could result in a 1.3% increase (decrease) in claims and claim adjustment expense reserves.
historically, the one-year change in the reserve estimate for this product line over the last nine years has varied from -4% to 0% (averaging -2%) for the company, and from -4% to 1% (averaging -1%) for the industry overall. the company's year-to-year changes are driven by, and are based on, observed events during the year. the company believes that its range of historical outcomes is illustrative of reasonably possible one-year changes in reserve estimates for this product line. workers' compensation reserves represent approximately 38% of the company's total claims and claim adjustment expense reserves.
fidelity and surety fidelity is generally considered a short tail coverage. it takes a relatively short period of time to finalize and settle most fidelity claims. the volatility of fidelity reserves is generally related to the type of business of the insured, the size and complexity of the insured's business operations, amount of policy limit and attachment point of coverage. the uncertainty surrounding reserves for small, commercial insureds is typically less than the uncertainty for large commercial or financial institutions. the high frequency, low severity nature of small commercial fidelity losses provides for stability in loss estimates, whereas the low frequency, high severity nature of losses for large insureds results in a wider range of ultimate loss outcomes. actuarial techniques that rely on a stable pattern of loss development are generally not applicable to low frequency, high severity claims.
surety has certain components that are generally considered short tail coverages with short reporting lags, although large individual construction and commercial surety contracts can result in a long settlement tail, based on the length and complexity of the construction project(s) or commercial transaction being insured. the frequency of losses in surety generally correlates with economic cycles as the primary cause of surety loss is the inability of an insured to fulfill its contractual obligations. the company actively seeks to mitigate this exposure to loss through disciplined risk selection, adherence to underwriting standards and ongoing monitoring of contractor progress in significant construction projects. the volatility of surety losses is generally related to the type of business performed by the insured, the type of bonded obligation, the amount of limit exposed to loss and the amount of assets available to the insurer to mitigate losses, such as unbilled contract funds, collateral, first and third party indemnity, and other security positions of an insured's assets. certain classes of surety claims are very high severity, low frequency in nature. these can include large construction contractors involved with one or multiple large, complex projects as well as certain large commercial surety exposures. other claim factors affecting reserve variability of surety include litigation related to amounts owed by and due the insured (e.g., salvage and subrogation efforts) and the results of financial restructuring of an insured.
examples of common risk factors, or perceptions thereof, that could change and, thus, affect the required fidelity and surety reserves (beyond those included in the general discussion section) include:
fidelity risk factors
•   policy limit and attachment points
•   coverage litigation
•   complexity of claims
•   economic trends, including the general level of construction activity
•   cumulative limits of liability for insured
•   assets available to mitigate loss
•   geographic spread of business fidelity and surety book of business risk factors
•   changes in policy provisions (e.g., deductibles, limits, endorsements)
•   changes in underwriting standards unanticipated changes in risk factors can affect reserves. as an indicator of the causal effect that a change in one or more risk factors could have on reserves for fidelity and surety, a 1% increase (decrease) in incremental paid loss development for each future calendar year could result in a 1.3% increase (decrease) in claims and claim adjustment expense reserves.
historically, the one-year change in the reserve estimate for this product line over the last nine years has varied from -36% to -6% (averaging -19%) for the company, and from -17% to -2% (averaging -10%) for the industry overall.  the company's year-to-year changes are driven by, and are based on, observed events during the year.  the company believes that its range of historical outcomes is illustrative of reasonably possible one-year changes in reserve estimates for this product line.  fidelity and surety reserves represent approximately 1% of the company's total claims and claim adjustment expense reserves.
the company's change in reserve estimate for this product line was -10% for 2018, -10% for 2017 and -36% for 2016. the 2018 change primarily reflected better than expected loss experience in the fidelity and surety product line for accident years 2015 and 2016. the 2017 change primarily reflected better than expected loss experience in the fidelity and surety product line for accident years 2014 and 2015. the 2016 change primarily reflected better than expected loss experience in the fidelity and surety product line for accident years 2009 through 2015.
personal automobile personal automobile includes both short and long tail coverages. the payments that are made quickly typically pertain to auto physical damage (property) claims and property damage (liability) claims. the payments that take longer to finalize and are more difficult to estimate relate to bodily injury claims. reporting lags are relatively short and the claim settlement process for personal automobile liability generally is the least complex of the liability products. it is generally viewed as a high frequency, low to moderate severity product line. overall, the claim liabilities for this line create a moderate estimation risk.
personal automobile reserves are typically analyzed in five components: bodily injury liability, property damage liability, no-fault losses, collision claims and comprehensive claims. these last two components have minimum reserve risk and fast payouts and, accordingly, separate factors are not presented.
bodily injury, property damage liability and no-fault risk factors
•   changes in the underlying court system and its philosophy
•   litigation trends
•   frequency of claims with payment capped by policy limits
•   change in average severity of accidents, or proportion of severe accidents
•   frequency and severity of claims involving distracted drivers and pedestrians
•   subrogation opportunities
•   frequency of visits to health providers
•   number of medical procedures given during visits to health providers
•   changes in policy provisions (e.g., deductibles, policy limits, endorsements, etc.)
•   changes in underwriting standards
•   changes in the use of credit data for rating and underwriting unanticipated changes in risk factors can affect reserves. as an indicator of the causal effect that a change in one or more risk factors could have on reserves for personal automobile, a 1% increase (decrease) in incremental paid loss development for each future calendar year could result in a 1.1% increase (decrease) in claims and claim adjustment expense reserves.
historically, the one-year change in the reserve estimate for this product line over the last nine years has varied from -4% to 3% (averaging 0%) for the company, and from -3% to 2% (averaging -1%) for the industry overall. the company's year-to-year changes are driven by, and are based on, observed events during the year. the company believes that its range of historical outcomes is illustrative of reasonably possible one-year changes in reserve estimates for this product line. personal automobile reserves represent approximately 7% of the company's total claims and claim adjustment expense reserves.
the company's change in reserve estimate for this product line was -2% for 2018, 0% for 2017 and 3% for 2016. the 2018 change primarily reflected better than expected loss experience for liability coverages for accident years 2015 through 2017. the 2016 change primarily reflected higher than expected loss experience for liability coverages for accident year 2015.
the liability portion of the homeowners policy generates claims which take longer to pay due to the involvement of litigation and negotiation, but with generally small reporting lags. personal lines other products include personal umbrella policies, among others. see "general liability reserving risk factors," discussed above, for reserving risk factors related to umbrella coverages.
overall, the line is generally high frequency, low to moderate severity (except for catastrophes), with simple to moderate claim complexity.
•   salvage opportunities
•   litigation trends
•   court interpretation of policy provisions (such as occurrence definition, or wind versus flooding)
•   court or legislative changes to the statute of limitations catastrophe risk factors
•   availability and cost of local contractors
•   quality of construction of damaged homes
•   policy provisions mix (e.g., deductibles, policy limits, endorsements, etc.)
•   changes in underwriting standards
•   changes in the use of credit data for rating and underwriting unanticipated changes in risk factors can affect reserves. as an indicator of the causal effect that a change in one or more risk factors could have on reserves for homeowners and personal lines other, a 1% increase (decrease) in incremental paid loss development for each future calendar year could result in a 1.1% increase (decrease) in claims and claim adjustment expense reserves.
historically, the one-year change in the reserve estimate for this product line (excluding the umbrella line of business, which for statutory reporting purposes is included with the general liability line of business) over the last nine years has varied from -17% to 3% (averaging -7%) for the company, and from -7% to -1% (averaging -4%) for the industry overall. the company's year-to-year changes are driven by, and are based on, observed events during the year. the company believes that its range of historical outcomes is illustrative of reasonably possible one-year changes in reserve estimates for this product line. homeowners and personal lines other reserves represent approximately 4% of the company's total claims and claim adjustment expense reserves.
this line combines both liability and property coverages; however, the majority of the reserves relate to property. while property is considered a short tail coverage, the one year change for property can be more volatile than that for the longer tail product lines. this is due to the fact that the majority of the reserve for property relates to the most recent accident year, which is subject to the most uncertainty for all product lines. this recent accident year uncertainty is relevant to property because of weather related events which tend to be concentrated in the second half of the year, and generally are not completely resolved until the following year. reserve estimates associated with major catastrophes, including california wildfires in recent years, may take even longer to resolve.
the company's change in reserve estimate for this product line (excluding the umbrella line of business) was -2% for 2018, 1% for 2017 and 3% for 2016. the 2018 change primarily reflected better than expected loss experience for liability coverages for accident years 2014 through 2016, largely offset by higher than expected loss experience for catastrophe losses for accident year 2017. the 2017 change primarily reflected modestly higher than expected loss experience for liability coverages for accident years 2014 and 2015. the 2016 change primarily reflected modestly higher than expected loss experience for liability coverages for accident years 2012 through 2014.
international and other international and other includes products written by the company's international operations, as well as all other products not explicitly discussed above. the principal component of "other" claim reserves is assumed reinsurance written on an excess-of-loss basis, which may include reinsurance of non-u.s. exposures, and is runoff business.
international and other claim liabilities result from a mix of coverages, currencies and jurisdictions/countries. the common characteristic is the need to customize the analysis to the individual component, and the inability to rely on data characterizations and reporting requirements in the u.s. statutory reporting framework.
due to changes in the business mix for this product line over time, the recently incurred claim liabilities are relatively shorter tail (due to both the products and the jurisdictions involved, e.g., canada, the republic of ireland and the united kingdom), while the older liabilities include some from runoff operations that are extremely long tail (e.g., u.s. excess liabilities reinsured through the
london market, and several underwriting pools in runoff). the speed of claim reporting and claim settlement is a function of the specific coverage provided, the jurisdiction, the distribution system (e.g., underwriting pool versus direct) and the proximity of the insurance sale to the insured hazard (e.g., insured and insurer located in different countries). in particular, liabilities arising from the underwriting pools in runoff may result in significant reporting lags, settlement lags and claim complexity, due to the need to coordinate with other pool members or co-insurers through a broker or lead-insurer for claim settlement purposes.
international reserves are generally analyzed by country and general coverage category (e.g., general liability in canada, commercial property in the united kingdom, etc.). the business is also generally split by direct versus assumed reinsurance for a given coverage. where the underlying insured hazard is outside the united states, the underlying coverages are generally similar to those described under the homeowners, personal automobile, commercial automobile, general liability, commercial property and surety discussions above, taking into account differences in the legal environment and differences in terms and conditions. however, statutory coverage differences exist amongst various jurisdictions. for example, in some jurisdictions there are no aggregate policy limits on certain liability coverages.
other reserves, primarily assumed reinsurance in runoff, are generally analyzed by program/pool, treaty type, and general coverage category (e.g., general liability - excess of loss reinsurance). excess exposure requires the insured to "prove" not only claims under the policy, but also the prior payment of claims reaching up to the excess policy's attachment point.
examples of common risk factors, or perceptions thereof, that could change and, thus, affect the required international and other reserves (beyond those included in the general discussion section, and in the personal automobile, homeowners, general liability, commercial property, commercial automobile and surety discussions above) include:
•   new theories of liability
•   changes in the propensity to sue
•   changes in statutes of limitations
•   changes in policy provisions (e.g., deductibles, policy limits, endorsements, "claims-made" language)
•   changes in underwriting standards
international and other represents a combination of different product lines, some of which are in runoff. comparative historical information is not available for international product lines as insurers domiciled outside of the united states do not file u.s. statutory reports. comparative historical information on runoff business is not indicative of reasonably possible one-year changes in the reserve estimate for this mix of runoff business. accordingly, the company has not included comparative analyses for international and other.
reinsurance recoverables amounts recoverable from reinsurers are estimated in a manner consistent with the associated claim liability. the company evaluates and monitors the financial condition of its reinsurers under voluntary reinsurance arrangements to minimize its exposure to significant losses from reinsurer insolvencies. in addition, in the ordinary course of business, the company becomes involved
in coverage disputes with its reinsurers. some of these disputes could result in lawsuits and arbitrations brought by or against the reinsurers to determine the company's rights and obligations under the various reinsurance agreements. the company employs dedicated specialists and comprehensive strategies to manage reinsurance collections and disputes.
the company has entered into a reinsurance contract in connection with a catastrophe bond issued by long point re iii. this contract meets the requirements to be accounted for as reinsurance in accordance with guidance for accounting for reinsurance contracts. the catastrophe bond is described in more detail in "item 1-business-catastrophe reinsurance."
the company reports its reinsurance recoverables net of an allowance for estimated uncollectible reinsurance recoverables. the allowance is based upon the company's ongoing review of amounts outstanding, length of collection periods, changes in reinsurer credit standing, disputes, applicable coverage defenses and other relevant factors. accordingly, the establishment of reinsurance recoverables and the related allowance for uncollectible reinsurance recoverables is also an inherently uncertain process involving estimates. from time to time, as a result of the long-tailed nature of the underlying liabilities, coverage complexities and potential for disputes, the company considers the commutation of reinsurance contracts. changes in estimated reinsurance recoverables and commutation activity could result in additional income statement charges.
recoverables attributable to structured settlements relate primarily to personal injury claims, of which workers' compensation claims comprise a significant portion, for which the company has purchased annuities and remains contingently liable in the event of a default by the companies issuing the annuities. recoverables attributable to mandatory pools and associations relate primarily to workers' compensation service business. these recoverables are supported by the participating insurance companies' obligation to pay a pro rata share based on each company's voluntary market share of written premium in each state in which it is a pool participant. in the event a member of a mandatory pool or association defaults on its share of the pool's or association's obligations, the other members' share of such obligation increases proportionally.
investment valuation and impairments valuation of investments reported at fair value in financial statements the company's estimates of fair value for financial assets and financial liabilities are based on the framework established in the fair value accounting guidance. the framework is based on the inputs used in valuation, gives the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets and requires that observable inputs be used in the valuations when available.
the fair value of a financial instrument is the estimated amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in an orderly transaction between knowledgeable, unrelated, willing parties, i.e., not in a forced transaction. the estimated fair value of a financial instrument may differ from the amount that could be realized if the security was sold in an immediate sale, e.g., a forced transaction. additionally, the valuation of investments is more subjective when markets are less liquid due to the lack of market based inputs, which may increase the potential that the estimated fair value of an investment is not reflective of the price at which an actual transaction would occur.
due to the subjective nature of the company's analysis and estimates of future cash flows, along with the judgment that must be applied in the analysis, it is possible that the company could reach a different conclusion whether or not to impair a security if it had access to additional information about the issuer. additionally, it is possible that the issuer's actual ability to meet contractual obligations may be different than what the company determined during its analysis, which may lead to a different impairment conclusion in future periods.
other uncertainties for a discussion of other risks and uncertainties that could impact the company's results of operations or financial position, see note 16 of notes to the consolidated financial statements and "item 1a-risk factors."
forward-looking statements this report contains, and management may make, certain "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. all statements, other than statements of historical facts, may be forward-looking statements. words such as "may," "will," "should," "likely," "anticipates," "expects," "intends," "plans," "projects," "believes," "estimates" and similar expressions are used to identify these forward-looking statements. these statements include, among other things, the company's statements about:
•   the company's outlook and its future results of operations and financial condition (including, among other things, anticipated premium volume, premium rates, renewal premium changes, underwriting margins and underlying underwriting margins, net and core income, investment income and performance, loss costs, return on equity, core return on equity and expected current returns, and combined ratios and underlying combined ratios);
•   the impact of emerging claims issues as well as other insurance and non-insurance litigation;
•   the cost and availability of reinsurance coverage;
•   the impact of investment (including changes in interest rates), economic (including inflation, recent changes in tax law, rapid changes in commodity prices and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates) and underwriting market conditions;
•   strategic and operational initiatives to improve profitability and competitiveness;
•   the company's competitive advantages;
•   the impact of new or potential regulations imposed or to be imposed by the united states or other nations, including tariffs or other barriers to international trade; and
for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ, see "item 1a-risk factors" and "item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations."
the company's forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report or as of the date they are made, and the company undertakes no obligation to update its forward-looking statements.