item 1a. risk factors you should carefully consider the following risk factors in addition to the other information included in this report. each of these risk factors could adversely affect our business, operating results, and/or financial condition, as well as adversely affect the value of an investment in our common stock.
our financial results are affected by volatile refining margins, which are dependent upon factors beyond our control, including the price of crude oil and the market price at which we can sell refined petroleum products.
our financial results are primarily affected by the relationship, or margin, between refined petroleum product prices and the prices for crude oil and other feedstocks. historically, refining margins have been volatile, and we believe they will continue to be volatile in the future. our cost to acquire feedstocks and the price at which we can ultimately sell refined petroleum products depend upon several factors beyond our control, including regional and global supply of and demand for crude oil, gasoline, diesel, and other feedstocks and refined petroleum products. these in turn depend on, among other things, the availability and quantity of imports, the production levels of u.s. and international suppliers, levels of refined petroleum product inventories, productivity and growth (or the lack thereof) of u.s. and global economies, u.s. relationships with foreign governments, political affairs, and the extent of governmental regulation.
some of these factors can vary by region and may change quickly, adding to market volatility, while others may have longer-term effects. the longer-term effects of these and other factors on refining and marketing margins are uncertain. we do not produce crude oil and must purchase all of the crude oil we refine. we may purchase our crude oil and other refinery feedstocks long before we refine them and sell the refined petroleum products. price level changes during the period between purchasing feedstocks and selling the refined petroleum products from these feedstocks could have a significant effect on our financial results. a decline in market prices may negatively impact the carrying value of our inventories.
economic turmoil and political unrest or hostilities, including the threat of future terrorist attacks, could affect the economies of the u.s. and other countries. lower levels of economic activity could result in declines in energy consumption, including declines in the demand for and consumption of our refined petroleum products, which could cause our revenues and margins to decline and limit our future growth prospects.
refining margins are also significantly impacted by additional refinery conversion capacity through the expansion of existing refineries or the construction of new refineries. worldwide refining capacity expansions may result in refining production capability exceeding refined petroleum product demand, which would have an adverse effect on refining margins.
a significant portion of our profitability is derived from the ability to purchase and process crude oil feedstocks that historically have been cheaper than benchmark crude oils, such as louisiana light sweet (lls) and brent crude oils. these crude oil feedstock differentials vary significantly depending on overall economic conditions and trends and conditions within the markets for crude oil and refined petroleum products, and they could decline in the future, which would have a negative impact on our results of operations.
compliance with and changes in environmental laws, including proposed climate change laws and regulations, could adversely affect our performance.
the principal environmental risks associated with our operations are emissions into the air and releases into the soil, surface water, or groundwater. our operations are subject to extensive environmental laws and regulations, including those relating to the discharge of materials into the environment, waste management,
pollution prevention measures, greenhouse gas (ghg) emissions, and characteristics and composition of fuels, including gasoline and diesel. certain of these laws and regulations could impose obligations to conduct assessment or remediation efforts at our facilities as well as at formerly owned properties or third-party sites where we have taken wastes for disposal or where our wastes have migrated. environmental laws and regulations also may impose liability on us for the conduct of third parties, or for actions that complied with applicable requirements when taken, regardless of negligence or fault. if we violate or fail to comply with these laws and regulations, we could be fined or otherwise sanctioned.
because environmental laws and regulations are becoming more stringent and new environmental laws and regulations are continuously being enacted or proposed, such as those relating to ghg emissions and climate change, the level of expenditures required for environmental matters could increase in the future. current and future legislative action and regulatory initiatives could result in changes to operating permits, material changes in operations, increased capital expenditures and operating costs, increased costs of the goods we sell, and decreased demand for our products that cannot be assessed with certainty at this time. we may be required to make expenditures to modify operations, discontinue use of certain process units, or install pollution control equipment that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.
for example, the international maritime organization (imo) will be implementing a new regulation for a global sulphur cap for marine bunker fuels by the year 2020 (imo 2020). under the imo 2020 cap, vessels will be required to use marine fuels with a sulphur content of no more than 0.50 percent beginning in january 2020, versus the current sulphur limit of 3.50 percent. while there are many uncertainties, imo 2020 could affect our business by creating the continued need for new and updated process units necessary to produce the low sulphur marine fuel, and could increase the costs of our products.
in addition, in 2015, the u.s., canada, and the u.k. participated in the united nations conference on climate change, which led to the creation of the paris agreement. the paris agreement, which was signed by the u.s. in april 2016, requires countries to review and "represent a progression" in their intended nationally determined contributions (which set ghg emission reduction goals) every five years beginning in 2020. while the current u.s. administration announced its intent to withdraw from the paris agreement in june 2017, under the agreement's terms the earliest the u.s. can withdraw is 2020. there are no guarantees that the agreement will not be re-implemented in the u.s., or re-implemented in part by specific u.s. states or local governments. however, the paris agreement could still affect our operations in canada, the u.k., ireland, and latin america. restrictions on emissions of methane or carbon dioxide that have been or may be imposed in various u.s. states, at the u.s. federal level, or in other countries could adversely affect the oil and gas industry.
severe weather events may have an adverse effect on our assets and operations.
some members within the scientific community believe that the increasing concentrations of greenhouse gas emissions in the earth's atmosphere, among other reasons, may produce climate changes that have significant physical effects, such as increased frequency and severity of storms, droughts and floods and other climatic events. if any such climatic events were to occur, they could have an adverse effect on our assets and operations.
compliance with the u.s. environmental protection agency renewable fuel standard could adversely affect our performance.
the u.s. environmental protection agency (epa) has implemented a renewable fuel standard (rfs) pursuant to the energy policy act of 2005 and the energy independence and security act of 2007. the rfs program sets annual quotas for the quantity of renewable fuels (such as ethanol) that must be blended into
transportation fuels consumed in the u.s. a renewable identification number (rin) is assigned to each gallon of renewable fuel produced in or imported into the u.s. as a producer of petroleum-based transportation fuels, we are obligated to blend renewable fuels into the products we produce at a rate that is at least commensurate to the u.s. epa's quota and, to the extent we do not, we must purchase rins in the open market to satisfy our obligation under the rfs program.
we are exposed to the volatility in the market price of rins. we cannot predict the future prices of rins. rins prices are dependent upon a variety of factors, including u.s. epa regulations, the availability of rins for purchase, and levels of transportation fuels produced, which can vary significantly from quarter to quarter. if sufficient rins are unavailable for purchase or if we have to pay a significantly higher price for rins, or if we are otherwise unable to meet the u.s. epa's rfs mandates, our results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected.
disruption of our ability to obtain crude oil could adversely affect our operations.
a significant portion of our feedstock requirements is satisfied through supplies originating in the middle east, africa, asia, north america, and south america. we are, therefore, subject to the political, geographic, and economic risks attendant to doing business with suppliers located in, and supplies originating from, these areas. if one or more of our supply contracts were terminated, or if political events disrupt our traditional crude oil supply, we believe that adequate alternative supplies of crude oil would be available, but it is possible that we would be unable to find alternative sources of supply. if we are unable to obtain adequate crude oil volumes or are able to obtain such volumes only at unfavorable prices, our results of operations could be materially adversely affected, including reduced sales volumes of refined petroleum products or reduced margins as a result of higher crude oil costs.
in addition, the u.s. government can prevent or restrict us from doing business in or with other countries. these restrictions, and those of other governments, could limit our ability to gain access to business opportunities in various countries. actions by both the u.s. and other countries have affected our operations in the past and will continue to do so in the future.
any attempt by the u.s. government to withdraw from or materially modify existing international trade agreements could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the current u.s. administration has questioned certain existing and proposed trade agreements. for example, the administration has withdrawn the u.s. from the trans-pacific partnership, and has indicated that the administration may withdraw the u.s. from the north american free trade agreement (nafta) in order to encourage the u.s. congress to vote on ratification of the united states-mexico-canada agreement (usmca), which was signed in november 2018 and is intended to be the successor to nafta. in addition, the administration has implemented and proposed various trade tariffs, which have resulted in foreign governments responding with tariffs on u.s. goods.
changes in u.s. social, political, regulatory and economic conditions or in laws and policies governing foreign trade, manufacturing, development and investment could adversely affect our business. for example, the imposition of tariffs or other trade barriers with other countries could affect our ability to obtain feedstocks from international sources, increase our costs and reduce the competitiveness of our products.
while there is currently a lack of certainty around the likelihood, timing, and details of any such policies and reforms, if the current u.s. administration takes action to withdraw from, or materially modify, existing international trade agreements, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
we are subject to interruptions and increased costs as a result of our reliance on third-party transportation of crude oil and the products that we manufacture.
we use the services of third parties to transport feedstocks to our facilities and to transport the products we manufacture to market. if we experience prolonged interruptions of supply or increases in costs to deliver our products to market, or if the ability of the pipelines, vessels, or railroads to transport feedstocks or products is disrupted because of weather events, accidents, derailment, collision, fire, explosion, governmental regulations, or third-party actions, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, and liquidity.
we may incur additional costs as a result of our use of rail cars for the transportation of crude oil and the products that we manufacture.
we currently use rail cars for the transportation of some feedstocks to certain of our facilities and for the transportation of some of the products we manufacture to their markets. we own and lease rail cars for our operations. rail transportation is subject to a variety of federal, state, and local regulations. new laws and regulations, and changes in existing laws and regulations, are frequently enacted or proposed, and could result in increased expenditures for compliance, either directly through costs for our owned and leased rail assets, or as passed along to us by rail carriers and operators. for example, in the past several years, the department of transportation, the pipeline and hazardous materials safety administration, and the federal railroad administration have issued orders and rules, pursuant to the rail safety improvement act of 2008, fixing america's surface transportation act of 2015 and other statutory authorities, concerning such matters as enhanced tank car standards, operational controls, safety training programs, and notification requirements. while some recent actions have provided some regulatory relief, the general trend has been toward greater regulation. we do not believe these orders and rules will have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations, and liquidity, although further changes in law, regulations or industry standards could require us to incur additional costs to the extent they are applicable to us.
competitors that produce their own supply of feedstocks, own their own retail sites, have greater financial resources, or provide alternative energy sources may have a competitive advantage.
the refining and marketing industry is highly competitive with respect to both feedstock supply and refined petroleum product markets. we compete with many companies for available supplies of crude oil and other feedstocks and for sites for our refined petroleum products. we do not produce any of our crude oil feedstocks and, following the separation of our retail business in 2013, we do not have a company-owned retail network. many of our competitors, however, obtain a significant portion of their feedstocks from company-owned production and some have extensive retail sites. such competitors are at times able to offset losses from refining operations with profits from producing or retailing operations, and may be better positioned to withstand periods of depressed refining margins or feedstock shortages.
some of our competitors also have materially greater financial and other resources than we have. such competitors have a greater ability to bear the economic risks inherent in all phases of our industry. in addition, we compete with other industries that provide alternative means to satisfy the energy and fuel requirements of our industrial, commercial, and individual consumers.
uncertainty and illiquidity in credit and capital markets can impair our ability to obtain credit and financing on acceptable terms, and can adversely affect the financial strength of our business partners.
our ability to obtain credit and capital depends in large measure on capital markets and liquidity factors that we do not control. our ability to access credit and capital markets may be restricted at a time when we would like, or need, to access those markets, which could have an impact on our flexibility to react to changing economic and business conditions. in addition, the cost and availability of debt and equity financing may
be adversely impacted by unstable or illiquid market conditions. protracted uncertainty and illiquidity in these markets also could have an adverse impact on our lenders, commodity hedging counterparties, or our customers, causing them to fail to meet their obligations to us. in addition, decreased returns on pension fund assets may also materially increase our pension funding requirements.
our access to credit and capital markets also depends on the credit ratings assigned to our debt by independent credit rating agencies. we currently maintain investment-grade ratings by standard & poor's ratings services, moody's investors service, and fitch ratings on our senior unsecured debt. ratings from credit agencies are not recommendations to buy, sell, or hold our securities. each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. we cannot provide assurance that any of our current ratings will remain in effect for any given period of time or that a rating will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency if, in its judgment, circumstances so warrant. specifically, if ratings agencies were to downgrade our long-term rating, particularly below investment grade, our borrowing costs would increase, which could adversely affect our ability to attract potential investors and our funding sources could decrease. in addition, we may not be able to obtain favorable credit terms from our suppliers or they may require us to provide collateral, letters of credit, or other forms of security, which would increase our operating costs. as a result, a downgrade below investment grade in our credit ratings could have a material adverse impact on our financial position, results of operations, and liquidity.
from time to time, our cash needs may exceed our internally generated cash flow, and our business could be materially and adversely affected if we were unable to obtain necessary funds from financing activities. from time to time, we may need to supplement our cash generated from operations with proceeds from financing activities. we have existing revolving credit facilities, committed letter of credit facilities, and an accounts receivable sales facility to provide us with available financing to meet our ongoing cash needs. in addition, we rely on the counterparties to our derivative instruments to fund their obligations under such arrangements. uncertainty and illiquidity in financial markets may materially impact the ability of the participating financial institutions and other counterparties to fund their commitments to us under our various financing facilities or our derivative instruments, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, and liquidity.
a significant interruption in one or more of our refineries could adversely affect our business.
our refineries are our principal operating assets. as a result, our operations could be subject to significant interruption if one or more of our refineries were to experience a major accident or mechanical failure, be damaged by severe weather or other natural or man-made disaster, such as an act of terrorism, or otherwise be forced to shut down. if any refinery were to experience an interruption in operations, earnings from the refinery could be materially adversely affected (to the extent not recoverable through insurance) because of lost production and repair costs. significant interruptions in our refining system could also lead to increased volatility in prices for crude oil feedstocks and refined petroleum products, and could increase instability in the financial and insurance markets, making it more difficult for us to access capital and to obtain insurance coverage that we consider adequate.
a significant interruption related to our information technology systems could adversely affect our business.
our information technology systems and network infrastructure may be subject to unauthorized access or attack, which could result in (i) a loss of intellectual property, proprietary information, or employee, customer or vendor data; (ii) public disclosure of sensitive information; (iii) increased costs to prevent, respond to, or mitigate cybersecurity events, such as deploying additional personnel and protection technologies, training employees, and engaging third-party experts and consultants; (iv) systems interruption; (v) disruption of our business operations; (vi) remediation costs for repairs of system damage; (vii) reputational damage that
adversely affects customer or investor confidence; and (viii) damage to our competitiveness, stock price, and long-term stockholder value. a breach could also originate from, or compromise, our customers' and vendors' or other third-party networks outside of our control. a breach may also result in legal claims or proceedings against us by our shareholders, employees, customers, vendors, and governmental authorities (u.s. and non-u.s.). there can be no assurance that our infrastructure protection technologies and disaster recovery plans can prevent a technology systems breach or systems failure, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations. furthermore, the continuing and evolving threat of cyber-attacks has resulted in increased regulatory focus on prevention. to the extent we face increased regulatory requirements, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to meet such requirements.
in addition, new laws and regulations governing data privacy and the unauthorized disclosure of confidential information, including the european union general data protection regulation and recent california legislation, pose increasingly complex compliance challenges and potentially elevate our costs. any failure by us to comply with these laws and regulations, including as a result of a security or privacy breach, could result in significant penalties and liabilities for us. additionally, if we acquire a company that has violated or is not in compliance with applicable data protection laws, we may incur significant liabilities and penalties as a result.
our business may be negatively affected by work stoppages, slowdowns or strikes by our employees, as well as new labor legislation issued by regulators.
workers at some of our refineries are covered by collective bargaining or similar agreements. to the extent we are in negotiations for labor agreements expiring in the future, there is no assurance an agreement will be reached without a strike, work stoppage, or other labor action. any prolonged strike, work stoppage, or other labor action could have an adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. in addition, future federal, state, or foreign labor legislation could result in labor shortages and higher costs, especially during critical maintenance periods.
we are subject to operational risks and our insurance may not be sufficient to cover all potential losses arising from operating hazards. failure by one or more insurers to honor its coverage commitments for an insured event could materially and adversely affect our financial position, results of operations, and liquidity.
our operations are subject to various hazards common to the industry, including explosions, fires, toxic emissions, maritime hazards, and natural catastrophes. as protection against these hazards, we maintain insurance coverage against some, but not all, potential losses and liabilities. we may not be able to maintain or obtain insurance of the type and amount we desire at reasonable rates. as a result of market conditions, premiums and deductibles for certain of our insurance policies could increase substantially. in some instances, certain insurance could become unavailable or available only for reduced amounts of coverage. for example, coverage for hurricane damage is very limited, and coverage for terrorism risks includes very broad exclusions. if we were to incur a significant liability for which we were not fully insured, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, and liquidity.
our insurance program includes a number of insurance carriers. significant disruptions in financial markets could lead to a deterioration in the financial condition of many financial institutions, including insurance companies. we can make no assurances that we will be able to obtain the full amount of our insurance coverage for insured events.
large capital projects can take many years to complete, and market conditions could deteriorate over time, negatively impacting project returns.
we may engage in capital projects based on the forecasted project economics and level of return on the capital to be employed in the project. large-scale projects take many years to complete, and market conditions can change from our forecast. as a result, we may be unable to fully realize our expected returns, which could negatively impact our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.
compliance with and changes in tax laws could adversely affect our performance.
we are subject to extensive tax liabilities imposed by multiple jurisdictions, including income taxes, indirect taxes (excise/duty, sales/use, gross receipts, and value-added taxes), payroll taxes, franchise taxes, withholding taxes, and ad valorem taxes. new tax laws and regulations and changes in existing tax laws and regulations are continuously being enacted or proposed that could result in increased expenditures for tax liabilities in the future. many of these liabilities are subject to periodic audits by the respective taxing authority. subsequent changes to our tax liabilities as a result of these audits may subject us to interest and penalties.
on december 22, 2017, tax legislation commonly known as the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 (tax reform) was enacted. among other things, tax reform reduces the u.s. corporate income tax rate from 35 percent to 21 percent and implements a new system of taxation for non-u.s. earnings, including by imposing a one-time tax on the deemed repatriation of undistributed earnings of non-u.s. subsidiaries. tax reform also generally will (i) limit our annual deductions for interest expense to no more than 30 percent of our "adjusted taxable income" (plus 100 percent of our business interest income) for the year and (ii) permit us to offset only 80 percent (rather than 100 percent) of our taxable income with any net operating losses we generate after 2017. we have evaluated the effects of tax reform, including the one-time deemed repatriation tax and the re-measurement of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, and the provisions of tax reform, taken as a whole, did not have an adverse impact on our cash tax liabilities, results of operations, or financial condition. we have used reasonable interpretations and assumptions in applying tax reform, but it is possible that the internal revenue service (irs) could issue subsequent guidance or take positions on audit that differ from our prior interpretations and assumptions, which could adversely impact our cash tax liabilities, results of operations, and financial condition.
we may incur losses and additional costs as a result of our forward-contract activities and derivative transactions.
we currently use commodity derivative instruments, and we expect to continue their use in the future. if the instruments we use to hedge our exposure to various types of risk are not effective, we may incur losses. in addition, we may be required to incur additional costs in connection with future regulation of derivative instruments to the extent it is applicable to us.
changes in the method of determining the london interbank offered rate (libor), or the replacement of libor with an alternative reference rate, may adversely affect interest rates.
on july 27, 2017, the financial conduct authority (fca) in the u.k. announced that it would phase out libor as a benchmark by the end of 2021. it is unclear whether new methods of calculating libor will be established such that it continues to exist after 2021, or whether different benchmark rates used to price indebtedness will develop. in the future, we may need to renegotiate our revolving credit facility (the valero revolver) or incur other indebtedness, and the phase-out of libor may negatively impact the terms of such indebtedness. in addition, the overall financial market may be disrupted as a result of the phase-out or replacement of libor. disruption in the financial market could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, and liquidity.
changes in the u.k.'s economic and other relationships with the european union could adversely affect us.
in june 2016, the u.k. elected to withdraw from the european union in a national referendum (brexit). withdrawal negotiations have yet to produce an overall structure for an ongoing relationship between the u.k. and the european union following brexit. the ongoing uncertainty and potential imposition of border controls and customs duties on trade as a result of brexit could negatively impact our competitive position, supplier and customer relationships, and financial performance. the ultimate effects of brexit will depend on the specific terms of any agreement reached by the u.k. and the european union.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following review of our results of operations and financial condition should be read in conjunction with item 1a, "risk factors," and item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data," included in this report.
cautionary statement for the purpose of safe harbor provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995
this report, including without limitation our disclosures below under the heading "overview and outlook," includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934. you can identify our forward-looking statements by the words "anticipate," "believe," "expect," "plan," "intend," "scheduled," "estimate," "project," "projection," "predict," "budget," "forecast," "goal," "guidance," "target," "could," "would," "should," "will," "may," and similar expressions.
these forward-looking statements include, among other things, statements regarding:
•   expectations regarding feedstock costs, including crude oil differentials, and operating expenses;
•   our anticipated level of capital investments, including deferred costs for refinery turnarounds and catalyst, capital expenditures for environmental and other purposes, and joint venture investments, and the effect of those capital investments on our results of operations;
•   anticipated trends in the supply of and demand for crude oil and other feedstocks and refined petroleum products in the regions where we operate, as well as globally;
•   expectations regarding environmental, tax, and other regulatory initiatives; and
•   the effect of general economic and other conditions on refining, ethanol, and midstream industry fundamentals.
we based our forward-looking statements on our current expectations, estimates, and projections about ourselves and our industry. we caution that these statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that we cannot predict. in addition, we based many of these forward-looking statements on assumptions about future events that may prove to be inaccurate. accordingly, our actual results may differ materially from the future performance that we have expressed or forecast in the forward-looking statements. differences between actual results and any future performance suggested in these forward-looking statements could result from a variety of factors, including the following:
•   acts of terrorism aimed at either our facilities or other facilities that could impair our ability to produce or transport refined petroleum products or receive feedstocks;
•   political and economic conditions in nations that produce crude oil or consume refined petroleum products;
•   demand for, and supplies of, refined petroleum products such as gasoline, diesel, jet fuel, petrochemicals, and ethanol;
•   demand for, and supplies of, crude oil and other feedstocks;
•   the ability of the members of the organization of petroleum exporting countries to agree on and to maintain crude oil price and production controls;
•   the level of consumer demand, including seasonal fluctuations;
•   refinery overcapacity or undercapacity;
•   our ability to successfully integrate any acquired businesses into our operations;
•   the actions taken by competitors, including both pricing and adjustments to refining capacity in response to market conditions;
•   the level of competitors' imports into markets that we supply;
•   accidents, unscheduled shutdowns, or other catastrophes affecting our refineries, machinery, pipelines, equipment, and information systems, or those of our suppliers or customers;
•   changes in the cost or availability of transportation for feedstocks and refined petroleum products;
•   the price, availability, and acceptance of alternative fuels and alternative-fuel vehicles;
•   the levels of government subsidies for alternative fuels;
•   the volatility in the market price of biofuel credits (primarily rins needed to comply with the rfs) and ghg emission credits needed to comply with the requirements of various ghg emission programs;
•   delay of, cancellation of, or failure to implement planned capital projects and realize the various assumptions and benefits projected for such projects or cost overruns in constructing such planned capital projects;
•   earthquakes, hurricanes, tornadoes, and irregular weather, which can unforeseeably affect the price or availability of natural gas, crude oil, grain and other feedstocks, and refined petroleum products and ethanol;
•   rulings, judgments, or settlements in litigation or other legal or regulatory matters, including unexpected environmental remediation costs, in excess of any reserves or insurance coverage;
•   legislative or regulatory action, including the introduction or enactment of legislation or rulemakings by governmental authorities, including tariffs and tax and environmental regulations, such as those implemented under the california cap-and-trade system (also known as ab 32) and similar programs, and the u.s. epa's regulation of ghgs, which may adversely affect our business or operations;
•   changes in the credit ratings assigned to our debt securities and trade credit;
•   changes in currency exchange rates, including the value of the canadian dollar, the pound sterling, the euro, the mexican peso, and the peruvian sol relative to the u.s. dollar;
•   overall economic conditions, including the stability and liquidity of financial markets; and
•   other factors generally described in the "risk factors" section included in item 1a, "risk factors" in this report.
any one of these factors, or a combination of these factors, could materially affect our future results of operations and whether any forward-looking statements ultimately prove to be accurate. our forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, and actual results and future performance may differ materially from those suggested in any forward-looking statements. we do not intend to update these statements unless we are required by the securities laws to do so.
all subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the foregoing. we undertake no obligation to publicly release any revisions to any such forward-looking statements that may be made to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this report or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.
this report includes references to financial measures that are not defined under u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (gaap). these non-gaap financial measures include adjusted net income attributable to valero stockholders, adjusted operating income (including adjusted operating income for each of our reportable segments), and refining and ethanol segment margin. we have included these non-gaap financial measures to help facilitate the comparison of operating results between years. see the accompanying financial tables in "results of operations" and note (h) to the accompanying tables for reconciliations of
these non-gaap financial measures to the most directly comparable u.s. gaap financial measures. also in note (h), we disclose the reasons why we believe our use of the non-gaap financial measures provides useful information.
overview and outlook overview for 2018, we reported net income attributable to valero stockholders of $3.1 billion compared to $4.1 billion for 2017, which represents a decrease of $943 million. this decrease is primarily due to a $1.9 billion tax benefit in 2017 resulting from tax reform, which is discussed in note 15 of notes to consolidated financial statements, partially offset by a $1.0 billion increase in income before income tax expense. the increase in income before income tax expense is primarily due to higher operating income between the years as described below.
operating income was $4.6 billion for 2018 compared to $3.6 billion for 2017, which represents an increase of $1.0 billion. excluding the adjustments to operating income reflected in the tables on page 32, adjusted operating income increased by $931 million in 2018 compared to 2017.
•   refining segment. refining segment adjusted operating income increased $961 million primarily due to improved distillate margins, favorable crude oil discounts, and lower costs of biofuel credits, partially offset by lower gasoline margins. this is more fully described on pages 36 through 37.
•   vlp segment. vlp segment adjusted operating income increased by $50 million primarily due to incremental revenues, partially offset by higher cost of sales, generated from transportation and terminaling services associated with a terminal and a product pipeline system acquired by vlp in november 2017 that were formerly a part of the refining segment. this is more fully described on page 38.
•   corporate and eliminations. adjusted corporate and eliminations decreased by $10 million primarily due to expenses in 2017 associated with the termination of the acquisition of certain assets from plains all american pipeline, l.p. (plains). this is more fully described on page 38.
additional details and analysis for the changes in operating income and adjusted operating income for our reportable business segments and other components of net income and adjusted net income attributable to valero stockholders, including a reconciliation of non-gaap financial measures used in this overview to their most comparable measures reported under u.s. gaap, are provided below under "results of operations".
outlook below are several factors that have impacted or may impact our results of operations during the first quarter of 2019:
•   medium and heavy sour crude oil discounts are expected to remain weaker than their five-year averages as supplies of sour crude oils available in the market remain suppressed.
•   sweet crude oil discounts are expected to remain near current levels as export demand remains strong and freight costs continue to rise. u.s. inland sweet crude oil discounts are also expected to remain wide with higher production and limited pipeline capacity to transport crude oil out of the permian basin and other producing regions in the u.s.
•   our refining operations in the u.k. could be adversely affected by brexit, which is currently scheduled to occur on march 29, 2019. the u.k. and the european union have yet to finalize the terms of brexit, and the u.k.'s exit from the european union without an agreement on an overall structure for an ongoing relationship with the european union could result in the imposition of border controls and customs duties on trade that could negatively impact the operations of our pembroke refinery. while we do not believe that brexit will have a material impact on us, we are taking steps to minimize the impact of possible delays on importing certain materials critical to our refining operations. the ultimate effect of brexit will depend on the specific terms of any agreement reached by the u.k. and the european union. see item 1a "risk factors"-changes in the u.k.'s economic and other relationships with the european union could adversely affect us.
results of operations the following tables highlight our results of operations, our operating performance, and market reference prices that directly impact our operations. in addition, these tables include financial measures that are not defined under u.s. gaap and represent non-gaap financial measures. these non-gaap financial measures are reconciled to their most comparable u.s. gaap financial measures and include adjusted net income attributable to valero stockholders, adjusted operating income, and refining and ethanol segment margin. in note (h) to these tables, we disclose the reasons why we believe our use of non-gaap financial measures provides useful information.
on january 10, 2019, we completed our acquisition of all the outstanding publicly held common units of vlp pursuant to the merger agreement with vlp as defined and discussed in note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements. upon completion of the merger transaction, vlp became an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of valero.
financial highlights by segment and total company
revenues from external customers                                                                               $113,601               $3,428            $-                         $4                 $117,033
interest and debt expense, net of capitalized interest                                                                                                                                                    (470   )
income before income tax expense                                                                                                                                                                         4,232
less: net income attributable to noncontrolling interests (a)                                                                                                                                              231
financial highlights by segment and total company (continued)
revenues from external customers                                                                          $90,651               $3,324                 $-                    $5                $93,980
interest and debt expense, net of capitalized interest                                                                                                                                            (468   )
income before income tax expense                                                                                                                                                                 3,207
income tax benefit (d) (e)                                                                                                                                                                        (949   )
less: net income attributable to noncontrolling interests                                                                                                                                           91
financial highlights by segment and total company (continued)
blender's tax credit attributable to valero energy corporation stockholders (a)                                                                                                90               -
income tax expense related to the blender's tax credit                                                                                                                        (11     )         -
blender's tax credit attributable to valero energy corporation stockholders,net of taxes                                                                                       79               -
texas city refinery fire expenses                                                                                                                                             (17     )         -
income tax benefit related to texas city refinery fire expenses                                                                                                                 4               -
texas city refinery fire expenses, net of taxes                                                                                                                               (13     )         -
environmental reserve adjustments (b)                                                                                                                                        (108     )         -
income tax benefit related to the environmental reserve adjustments                                                                                                            24               -
environmental reserve adjustments, net of taxes                                                                                                                               (84     )         -
income tax benefit related to the loss on early redemption of debt                                                                                                              9               -
income tax benefit from tax reform (d)                                                                                                                                         12               1,862
financial highlights by segment and total company (continued)
blender's tax credit (a)                                                    170            -                  -                 -                    170
environmental reserve adjustments (b)                                         -            -                  -                 (108          )               (108   )
2018                                                                                                                                            2017                change throughput volumes (thousand barrels per day (bpd))
2018                                                                                                                                        2017        change operating statistics (j)
2018                                                                                   2017                change operating statistics (j)
average market reference prices and differentials
2018                                                                                              2017                change feedstocks brent crude oil                                                      $71.62                $54.82                $16.80
natural gas (dollars per million british thermal units (mmbtu))        3.23                  2.98                  0.25
total company, corporate, and other revenues increased $23.1 billion in 2018 compared to 2017 primarily due to increases in refined petroleum product prices associated with sales made by our refining segment. this improvement in revenues was partially offset by higher cost of sales of $22 billion primarily due to increases in crude oil and other feedstock costs, and an increase of $96 million in general and administrative expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization expense), resulting in an increase in operating income of $1.0 billion in 2018 compared to 2017.
other income, net increased $18 million in 2018 compared to 2017 primarily due to higher equity in earnings associated with our diamond pipeline joint venture of $39 million and higher interest income of $29 million, partially offset by a $38 million charge from the early redemption of debt as described in note (c) to the accompanying tables (see page 45).
income tax expense increased $1.8 billion in 2018 compared to 2017 primarily due to the effect from a $1.9 billion income tax benefit in 2017 resulting from tax reform, which is described in note 15 of notes to consolidated financial statements. excluding the income tax adjustments reflected in the table on page 31 from both years, the effective tax rate for 2018 was 22 percent compared to 28 percent for 2017. the decrease in our effective tax rate is primarily due to the reduction in the u.s. statutory income tax rate from 35 percent to 21 percent effective january 1, 2018 as a result of tax reform.
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests increased $140 million in 2018 compared to 2017 primarily due to higher earnings associated with dgd, our consolidated joint venture, which includes a benefit of $80 million for the blender's tax credit, as described in note (a) to the accompanying tables (see page 45).
refining segment results refining segment revenues increased $23.0 billion in 2018 compared to 2017 primarily due to increases in refined petroleum product prices. this improvement in refining segment revenues was partially offset by higher cost of sales of $21.8 billion due primarily to increases in crude oil and other feedstock costs, resulting in an increase in refining segment operating income of $1.1 billion in 2018 compared to 2017.
excluding the adjustments to refining segment operating income reflected in the tables on page 32, refining segment adjusted operating income increased by $961 million in 2018 compared to 2017. the components of this increase, along with reasons for the changes in these components, are outlined below.
•   increase in distillate margins. we experienced improved distillate margins throughout all of our regions in 2018 compared to 2017. for example, the brent-based benchmark reference margin for u.s. gulf coast ultra-low-sulfur diesel was $14.02 per barrel for 2018 compared to $13.26 per barrel for 2017, representing a favorable increase of $0.76 per barrel. another example is the wti-based benchmark reference margin for u.s. mid-continent ultra-low-sulfur diesel that was $22.82 per barrel for 2018 compared to $18.50 per barrel for 2017, representing a favorable increase of $4.32 per barrel. we estimate that the increase in distillate margins per barrel in 2018 compared to 2017 had a favorable impact to our refining segment margin of approximately $1.3 billion.
•   higher discounts on crude oils. the market prices for refined petroleum products generally track the price of brent crude oil, which is a benchmark sweet crude oil, and we benefit when we process crude oils that are priced at a discount to brent crude oil. we benefitted from processing these types of crude oils in 2018 and that benefit improved compared to 2017. for example, wti crude oil, a light sweet crude oil, sold at a discount to brent of $6.71 per barrel for 2018 compared to a discount of $3.92 per barrel for 2017, representing a favorable increase of $2.79 per barrel. another example is maya crude oil, a sour crude oil processed in our u.s. gulf coast region, which sold at a discount to brent of $9.22 per barrel for 2018 compared to $7.74 per barrel for 2017, representing a favorable increase of $1.48 per barrel. we estimate that the increase in the discounts for crude oils that we processed during 2018 compared to 2017 had a favorable impact to our refining segment margin of approximately $561 million.
•   lower costs of biofuel credits. as described in note 20 of notes to consolidated financial statements, we purchase biofuel credits in order to meet our biofuel blending obligation under various government and regulatory compliance programs. the cost of these credits (primarily rins in the u.s.) was $536 million in 2018 compared to $942 million in 2017, a decrease of $406 million.
•   higher throughput volumes. refining segment throughput volumes increased by 46,000 bpd in 2018. we estimate that the increase in refining throughput volumes had a positive impact on our refining segment margin of approximately $153 million.
•   decrease in gasoline margins. we experienced a decrease in gasoline margins throughout all of our regions in 2018 compared to 2017. for example, the brent-based benchmark reference margin for u.s. gulf coast cbob gasoline was $4.81 per barrel for 2018 compared to $10.50 per barrel for 2017, representing an unfavorable decrease of $5.69 per barrel. another example is the ans-based benchmark reference margin for u.s. west coast carbob 87 gasoline, which was $13.05 per barrel for 2018 compared to $18.12 per barrel for 2017, representing an unfavorable decrease of $5.07 per barrel. we estimate that the decrease in gasoline margins per barrel in 2018 compared to 2017 had an unfavorable impact to our refining segment margin of approximately $1.3 billion.
refining segment operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization expense) increased $140 million primarily due to higher employee-related expenses of $33 million, an increase in energy costs driven by higher natural gas prices ($3.23 per mmbtu in 2018 compared to $2.98 per mmbtu in 2017) of $28 million, higher chemicals and catalyst costs of $24 million, the effect from a favorable insurance settlement of $20 million in 2017 for our mckee refinery, and higher maintenance expense of $12 million.
refining segment depreciation and amortization expense associated with our cost of sales increased $63 million due to an increase in refinery turnaround amortization expense of $41 million primarily due to costs incurred in the latter part of 2017 and early 2018 in connection with significant turnaround projects at our corpus christi and mckee refineries, along with the write-off of assets that were idled or demolished in 2018 of $15 million.
ethanol segment results ethanol segment revenues increased $138 million in 2018 compared to 2017 primarily due to an increase in ethanol sales volumes and increases in corn related co-product prices along with the revenue contribution associated with three ethanol plants acquired from green plains, inc. (green plains) on november 15, 2018, which is described in note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements. this increase is partially offset by lower ethanol prices. this improvement in ethanol segment revenue was more than offset by higher cost of sales of $228 million primarily due to higher corn prices, resulting in a decrease in ethanol segment
operating income of $90 million in 2018 compared to 2017. the components of this decrease, along with reasons for the changes in these components, are outlined below.
•   lower ethanol prices. ethanol prices were lower in 2018 compared to 2017 primarily due to an increase in production. for example, the new york harbor ethanol price was $1.48 per gallon for 2018 compared to $1.56 per gallon for 2017, representing an unfavorable decrease of $0.08 per gallon. we estimate that the decrease in the price of ethanol had an unfavorable impact to our ethanol segment margin of approximately $159 million.
•   higher corn prices. corn prices were higher in 2018 compared to 2017. for example, the chicago board of trade (cbot) corn price was $3.68 per bushel for 2018 compared to $3.59 per bushel for 2017, representing an unfavorable increase of $0.09 per bushel. we estimate that the increase in the price of corn had an unfavorable impact to our ethanol segment margin of approximately $36 million.
•   higher co-product prices. an increase in protein values, as compared to soybean meal, had a favorable effect on the prices received for the corn related co-products that we produced. we estimate the increase in corn related co-product prices had a favorable impact to our ethanol segment margin of approximately $101 million.
•   higher production volumes. ethanol segment margin was favorably impacted by increased production volumes of 137,000 gallons per day in 2018 compared to 2017 primarily due to reliability improvements at our ethanol plants and the additional production volumes associated with the three plants acquired from green plains in november 2018. we estimate that the increase in production volumes had a favorable impact to our ethanol segment margin of approximately $26 million.
ethanol segment operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization expense) increased $27 million primarily due to costs to operate the three plants acquired from green plains in november 2018 of $14 million, coupled with higher chemicals and catalysts expenses of $8 million.
vlp segment results vlp segment revenues increased $94 million in 2018 compared to 2017 primarily due to $75 million of incremental revenues generated from transportation and terminaling services associated with the port arthur terminal and the parkway pipeline acquired by vlp in november 2017 that were formerly a part of the refining segment. the increase in vlp segment revenues was partially offset by higher cost of sales of $44 million primarily due to the costs to operate the acquired terminal and pipeline, resulting in an increase in vlp segment operating income of $53 million in 2018 compared to 2017. excluding the adjustment reflected in the table on page 32, vlp adjusted operating income increased $50 million.
corporate and eliminations corporate and eliminations, which consists primarily of general and administrative expenses and related depreciation and amortization expense, increased by $98 million in 2018 compared to 2017. excluding the environmental reserve adjustments of $108 million from 2018 reflected in the table on page 32, adjusted corporate and eliminations decreased by $10 million in 2018 primarily due to the effect from expenses incurred in 2017 associated with the termination of the acquisition of certain assets from plains.
financial highlights by segment and total company
revenues from external customers                                                                          $90,651               $3,324                 $-                    $5                $93,980
interest and debt expense, net of capitalized interest                                                                                                                                            (468   )
income before income tax expense                                                                                                                                                                 3,207
income tax expense (benefit) (d) (e)                                                                                                                                                              (949   )
less: net income attributable to noncontrolling interests                                                                                                                                           91
financial highlights by segment and total company (continued)
revenues from external customers                                                                          $71,968               $3,691            $-                $-                         $75,659
lower of cost or market inventory valuationadjustment (f)                                                    (697    )             (50    )       -                 -                             (747   )
interest and debt expense, net of capitalized interest                                                                                                                                            (446   )
income before income tax expense                                                                                                                                                                 3,182
less: net income attributable to noncontrollinginterests                                                                                                                                           128
financial highlights by segment and total company (continued)
lower of cost or market inventory valuation adjustment (f)                                                                                                              -                             747
income tax expense related to the lower of cost or market inventory valuation adjustment                                                                                -                            (168     )
lower of cost or market inventory valuation adjustment, net of taxes                                                                                                    -                             579
income tax benefit on aruba disposition (g)                                                                                                                             -                              42
income tax benefit from tax reform (d) (e)                                                                                                                              1,862                           -
lower of cost or market inventory valuationadjustment (f)                   697        50                     -                 -                    747
2017                                                                                                                                            2016                change throughput volumes (thousand bpd)
2017                                                                                                                                        2016        change operating statistics (j)
2017                                                                                   2016                change operating statistics (j)
average market reference prices and differentials
2017                                                                              2016              change feedstocks brent crude oil                                      $54.82                $45.02               $9.80
(a)   cost of materials and other for the year ended december 31, 2018 includes a benefit of $170 million for the biodiesel blender's tax credit attributable to volumes blended during 2017. the benefit was recognized in february 2018 because the legislation authorizing the credit was passed and signed into law in that month. the $170 million pre-tax benefit is included in the refining segment and includes $80 million attributable to noncontrolling interest and $90 million attributable to valero energy corporation stockholders.
(b)   general and administrative expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization expense) for the year ended december 31, 2018 includes a charge of $108 million for an environmental reserve adjustment associated with certain non-operating sites.
(c)   other income, net for the year ended december 31, 2018 includes a $38 million charge from the early redemption of $750 million of our 9.375 percent senior notes due march 15, 2019.
(d)   on december 22, 2017, tax reform was enacted, resulting in the remeasurement of our u.s. deferred taxes and the recognition of a liability for taxes on the deemed repatriation of our foreign earnings and profits. in addition, tax reform lowered the u.s. statutory income tax rate from 35 percent to 21 percent, beginning january 1, 2018. under u.s. gaap we are required to recognize the effect of tax reform in the period of enactment. as a result, we recognized a $1.9 billion income tax benefit in december 2017, which represented our initial estimate of the impact of tax reform in accordance with staff accounting bulletin no. 118 (sab 118). we finalized our estimates in december 2018 and have recorded an additional benefit of $12 million for the year ended december 31, 2018.
(e)   excluding the income tax benefits discussed in note (d) from both years and the other adjustments to income tax reflected in the table on page 31 from 2018, the effective tax rates for the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017 were 22 percent and 28 percent, respectively. the decrease in the effective rate is primarily due to the decline in the u.s. statutory income tax rate from 35 percent to 21 percent as a result of tax reform (see note (d)).
(f)   in accordance with u.s. gaap, we are required to state our inventories at the lower of cost or market. when the market price of our inventory falls below cost, we record a lower of cost or market inventory valuation adjustment to write down the value to market. in subsequent periods, the value of our inventory is reassessed and a lower of cost or market inventory valuation adjustment is recorded to reflect the net change in the lower of cost or market inventory valuation reserve between the periods. as of december 31, 2018 and december 31, 2017, the market price of our inventory was above cost; therefore we did not have a lower of cost or market inventory valuation reserve as of those dates. during the year ended december 31, 2016, we recorded a change in our inventory valuation reserve that was established on december 31, 2015, resulting in a noncash benefit of $747 million, of which $697 million and $50 million were attributable to our refining segment and ethanol segment, respectively.
(g)   effective october 1, 2016 we (i) transferred ownership of all our assets in aruba, other than certain hydrocarbon inventories and working capital, to refineria di aruba n.v. (rda), an entity wholly-owned by the government of aruba (goa), (ii) settled our obligations under various agreements with the goa, including agreements that required us to dismantle our leasehold improvements under certain conditions, and (iii) sold the working capital of our aruba operations, including hydrocarbon inventories, to the goa, citgo aruba refining n.v. (car), and citgo petroleum corporation (together with car and certain other affiliates, collectively, citgo). we refer to this transaction as the "aruba disposition."
in june 2016, we recognized an asset impairment loss of $56 million representing all of the remaining carrying value of the long-lived assets of our crude oil and refined petroleum products terminal and transshipment facility in aruba (collectively, the aruba terminal). we recognized the impairment loss at that time because we concluded that it was more likely than not that we would ultimately transfer ownership of these assets to the goa as a result of agreements entered into in june 2016 between the goa and citgo for the goa's lease of those assets to citgo.
in september 2016 and in connection with the aruba disposition, our u.s. subsidiaries cancelled all outstanding debt obligations owed to them by our aruba subsidiaries, which resulted in the recognition by us of an income tax benefit of $42 million during the year ended december 31, 2016.
(h)   we use certain financial measures (as noted below) that are not defined under u.s. gaap and are considered to be non-gaap measures.
we have defined these non-gaap measures and believe they are useful to the external users of our financial statements, including industry analysts, investors, lenders, and rating agencies. we believe these measures are useful to assess our ongoing financial performance because, when reconciled to their most comparable u.s. gaap measures, they provide improved comparability between periods through the exclusion of certain items that we believe are not indicative of our core operating performance and that may obscure our underlying business results and trends. these non-gaap measures should not be considered as alternatives to their most comparable u.s. gaap measures nor should they be considered in isolation or as a substitute for an analysis of our results of operations as reported under u.s. gaap. in addition, these non-gaap measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies because we may define them differently, which diminishes the utility of these measures.
◦   adjusted net income attributable to valero energy corporation stockholders is defined as net income attributable to valero energy corporation stockholders excluding the items noted below, along with their related income tax effect. we have excluded these items because we believe that they are not indicative of our core operating performance and that their exclusion results in an important measure of our ongoing financial performance to better assess our underlying business results and trends. the basis for our belief with respect to each excluded item is provided below.
-   blender's tax credit attributable to valero energy corporation stockholders - the blender's tax credit is attributable to volumes blended during 2017 and is not related to 2018 activities, as described in note (a).
-   lower of cost or market inventory valuation adjustment - the noncash benefit recorded during 2016 to adjust our inventory valuation reserve, as described in note (f).
-   asset impairment loss - the impairment loss of $56 million in 2016 associated with the aruba disposition, as described in note (g).
-   texas city refinery fire expenses - the costs incurred to respond to and assess the damage caused by the fire that occurred at the texas city refinery on april 19, 2018 are specific to that event and are not ongoing costs incurred in our operations.
-   environmental reserve adjustments - the environmental reserve adjustments are attributable to sites that were shut down by prior owners and subsequently acquired by us (referred to by us as non-operating sites), as described in note (b).
-   loss on early redemption of debt - the penalty and other expenses incurred in connection with the early redemption of our 9.375 percent senior notes due march 15, 2019 (see note (c)) are not associated with the ongoing costs of our borrowing and financing activities.
-   income tax benefit from tax reform - income tax benefit from tax reform (see note (d)) is associated with changes in u.s. tax legislation and is not indicative of our core performance.
-   income tax benefit from aruba disposition - the income tax benefit in 2016 resulting from the cancellation of outstanding debt obligations associated with the aruba disposition, as described in note (g).
◦   refining margin is defined as refining operating income excluding the blender's tax credit, the lower of cost or market inventory valuation adjustment, the asset impairment loss, operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization expense), other operating expenses, and depreciation and amortization expense, as reflected in the table below.
◦   ethanol margin is defined as ethanol operating income excluding the lower of cost or market inventory valuation adjustment, operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization expense), and depreciation and amortization expense, as reflected in the table below.
blender's tax credit (a)                                                      (170    )                -                     -
lower of cost or market inventory valuation adjustment (f)                       -                     -                  (697    )
lower of cost or market inventory valuation adjustment (f)                   -                   -                 (50    )
◦   adjusted refining operating income is defined as refining segment operating income excluding the blender's tax credit, lower of cost or market inventory valuation adjustment, asset impairment loss, and other operating expenses.
◦   adjusted ethanol operating income is defined as ethanol segment operating income excluding the lower of cost or market inventory valuation adjustment.
◦   adjusted corporate and eliminations is defined as corporate and eliminations excluding the environmental reserve adjustments associated with certain non-operating sites (see note (b)).
(j)   valero uses certain operating statistics (as noted below) to evaluate performance between comparable periods. different companies may calculate them in different ways.
adjusted ethanol segment operating income (each as defined in note (h) above) divided by production volumes. pipeline transportation revenue per barrel of throughput and terminaling revenue per barrel of throughput represent pipeline transportation revenue and terminaling revenue for our vlp segment divided by pipeline transportation throughput and terminaling throughput volumes, respectively. throughput and production volumes are calculated by multiplying production throughput and production volumes per day (as provided in the accompanying tables) by the number of days in the applicable period.
total company, corporate, and other revenues increased $18.3 billion in 2017 compared to 2016 primarily due to increases in refined petroleum products prices associated with sales made by our refining segment. this improvement in revenues was mostly offset by higher cost of sales of $18.2 billion primarily due to increases in crude oil and other feedstock costs, and an increase of $120 million in general and administrative expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization expense), resulting in an increase in operating income of $29 million in 2017 compared to 2016.
income tax expense decreased $1.7 billion in 2017 compared to 2016 primarily due to the effect from a $1.9 billion income tax benefit in 2017 resulting from tax reform, which is described in note 15 of notes to consolidated financial statements. excluding the income tax adjustments reflected in the table on page 41 from both years, the effective tax rate for 2017 was 28 percent compared to 26 percent for 2016. the effective tax rates are lower than the u.s. statutory rate of 35 percent that was in effect through december 31, 2017, primarily because income from our international operations was taxed at statutory rates that were lower than in the u.s. the effective tax rate for 2016 was lower than the effective tax rate for 2017 due to a benefit in 2016 of $35 million resulting from the favorable resolution of an income tax audit.
refining segment results refining segment revenues increased $18.7 billion in 2017 compared to 2016 primarily due to increases in refined petroleum product prices. this improvement in refining segment revenues was partially offset by higher cost of sales of $18.4 million primarily due to increases in crude oil and other feedstock costs, resulting in an increase in operating income of $245 million in 2017 compared to 2016.
excluding the adjustments to refining segment operating income reflected in the tables on page 41, refining segment adjusted operating income increased by $944 million in 2017 compared to 2016. the components of this increase, along with the reasons for the changes in these components, are outlined below.
•   increase in distillate margins. we experienced improved distillate margins throughout all our regions in 2017 compared to 2016. for example, the brent-based benchmark reference margin for u.s. gulf coast ultra-low-sulfur diesel was $13.26 per barrel for 2017 compared to $10.21 per barrel for 2016, representing a favorable increase of $3.05 per barrel. another example is the wti-based benchmark reference margin for u.s. mid-continent ultra-low-sulfur diesel that was $18.50 per barrel for 2017 compared to $13.03 per barrel for 2016, representing a favorable increase of $5.47 per barrel. we estimate that the increase in distillate margins per barrel in 2017 compared to 2016 had a favorable impact to our refining segment margin of approximately $1.2 billion.
•   increase in gasoline margins. we also experienced improved gasoline margins throughout all our regions in 2017 compared to 2016. for example, the wti-based benchmark reference margin for u.s. mid-continent cbob gasoline was $15.65 per barrel for 2017 compared to $11.82 per barrel for 2016, representing a favorable increase of $3.83 per barrel. another example is the brent-based reference margin for u.s. gulf coast cbob gasoline, which was $10.50 per barrel for 2017 compared to $9.17 per barrel for 2016, representing a favorable increase of $1.33 per barrel. we estimate that the increase in gasoline margins per barrel in 2017 compared to 2016 had a favorable impact to our refining segment margin of approximately $577 million.
•   higher throughput volumes. refining segment throughput volumes increased by 85,000 bpd in 2017. we estimate that the increase in refining throughput volumes had a positive impact on our refining segment margin of approximately $283 million.
•   lower discounts on sour crude oils. the market prices for refined petroleum products generally track the price of brent crude oil, which is a benchmark sweet crude oil, and we benefit when we process sour crude oils that are priced at a discount to brent crude oil. while we benefitted from processing these sour crude oils in 2017, that benefit declined compared to 2016. for example, asci crude oil processed in our u.s. gulf coast region sold at a discount to brent of $4.18 per barrel for 2017 compared to a discount of $5.18 per barrel for 2016, representing an unfavorable decrease of $1.00 per barrel. another example is maya crude oil which sold at a discount to brent of $7.74 per barrel for 2017 compared to $8.63 per barrel for 2016, representing an unfavorable decrease of $0.89 per barrel. we estimate that the reduction in discounts for sour crude oils that we processed in 2017 had an unfavorable impact to our refining segment margin of approximately $305 million.
•   lower discounts on other feedstocks. in addition to crude oil, we utilize other feedstocks such as residuals, in certain of our refining processes. we benefit when we process these other feedstocks that are priced at a discount to brent crude oil. while we benefitted from processing these types of feedstocks in 2017, that benefit declined compared to 2016. we estimate that the reduction in the discounts for the other feedstocks that we processed in 2017 had an unfavorable impact to our refining segment margin of approximately $203 million.
•   higher costs of biofuel credits. as described in note 20 of notes to consolidated financial statements, we purchase biofuel credits in order to meet our biofuel blending obligation under various government and regulatory compliance programs. the cost of these credits (primarily rins in the u.s.) was $942 million in 2017 compared to $749 million in 2016, an increase of $193 million.
•   increase in charges from vlp. charges from the vlp segment for transportation and terminaling services increased $89 million in 2017 compared to 2016 primarily due to additional services provided by terminals and a product pipeline system acquired by vlp in 2017 and 2016 that were formerly a part of the refining segment, as well as an undivided interest in crude system assets acquired by vlp in 2017. details regarding the increase in charges from vlp are discussed in the vlp segment analysis below.
refining segment operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization expense) increased $219 million primarily due to an increase in energy costs driven by higher natural gas prices ($2.98 per mmbtu for 2017 compared to $2.46 per mmbtu for 2016).
refining segment depreciation and amortization expense associated with our cost of sales increased $66 million due to an increase in refinery turnaround and catalyst amortization expense primarily due to
costs incurred in the latter part of 2016 in connection with significant turnaround projects at our port arthur and texas city refineries.
excluding the adjustment reflected in the table on page 41, ethanol segment adjusted operating income was $172 million for 2017 compared to $290 million for 2016, a decrease of $118 million. the components of this decrease, along with the reasons for the changes in these components, are outlined below.
•   lower ethanol prices. ethanol prices were lower in 2017 compared to 2016 primarily due to higher industry production, which resulted in higher domestic inventories. for example, the new york harbor ethanol price was $1.56 per gallon for 2017 compared to $1.60 per gallon for 2016. we estimate that the decrease in the price of ethanol had an unfavorable impact to our ethanol segment margin of approximately $73 million.
•   lower co-product prices. a decrease in export demand for corn related co-products, primarily distiller's grains, had an unfavorable effect on the prices we received. we estimate that the decrease in the price for corn related co-products had an unfavorable impact to our ethanol segment margin of approximately $52 million.
•   lower corn prices. despite a slight increase in the cbot corn price from $3.58 per bushel for 2016 to $3.59 per bushel for 2017, we acquired corn at lower prices due to favorable location differentials, resulting in a decrease in the price we paid for corn in 2017 compared to 2016. we estimate that the decrease in the price we paid for corn had a favorable impact to our ethanol segment margin of approximately $25 million.
•   higher production volumes. ethanol segment margin was favorably impacted by increased production volumes of 130,000 gallons per day in 2017 compared to 2016 primarily due to reliability improvements. we estimate that the increase in production volumes had a favorable impact to our ethanol segment margin of approximately $25 million.
ethanol segment operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization expense) increased $28 million primarily due to an increase in energy costs driven by higher natural gas prices ($2.98 per mmbtu for 2017 compared to $2.46 per mmbtu for 2016).
ethanol segment depreciation and amortization expense associated with our cost of sales increased $15 million primarily due to the write-off of assets that were idled in 2017.
vlp segment results vlp segment revenues increased $89 million in 2017 compared to 2016 primarily due to $61 million of incremental revenues generated from transportation and terminaling services associated with the port arthur terminal and the parkway pipeline acquired by vlp in 2017 and the mckee, meraux, and three rivers
terminals acquired by vlp in 2016 that were formerly a part of the refining segment. in addition, incremental revenues of $10 million were generated from an undivided interest in the red river crude system acquired in january 2017. the increase in vlp segment revenues was partially offset by higher cost of sales of $15 million primarily due to the costs to operate the acquired terminals, pipeline and crude system, resulting in an increase in vlp segment operating income of $71 million in 2017 compared to 2016. excluding the adjustment reflected in the table on page 41, vlp adjusted operating income increased $74 million.
corporate and eliminations corporate and eliminations, which consists primarily of general and administrative expenses and related depreciation and amortization expense, increased $119 million in 2017 compared to 2016 primarily due to higher employee related costs of $50 million, an increase in legal and environmental reserves of $21 million, expenses associated with the termination of certain assets from plains of $16 million, and an increase in charitable contributions of $10 million.
liquidity and capital resources overview we believe that we have sufficient funds from operations and from borrowings under our credit facilities to fund our ongoing operating requirements and other commitments. we expect that, to the extent necessary, we can raise additional funds from time to time through equity or debt financings in the public and private capital markets or the arrangement of additional credit facilities. however, there can be no assurances regarding the availability of any future financings or additional credit facilities or whether such financings or additional credit facilities can be made available on terms that are acceptable to us.
our liquidity consisted of the following as of december 31, 2018 (in millions):
available borrowing capacity from committed facilities:
accounts receivable sales facility                                1,200
letter of credit facility                                           100
total available borrowing capacity                                4,350
total liquidity                                                  $7,097
(a)   excludes $235 million of cash and cash equivalents related to our variable interest entities (vies) that is available for use only by our vies.
information about our outstanding borrowings, letters of credit issued, and availability under our credit facilities is reflected in note 9 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
cash flows summary components of our cash flows are set forth below (in millions):
operating activities                                      $4,371                $5,482                $4,820
investing activities                                      (3,928    )           (2,382    )           (2,006    )
financing activities                                      (3,168    )           (2,272    )           (2,012    )
effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash             (143    )              206                  (100    )
cash flows for the year ended december 31, 2018
our operations generated $4.4 billion of cash in 2018, driven primarily by net income of $3.4 billion and noncash charges to income of $2.3 billion, partially offset by a negative change in working capital of $1.3 billion. noncash charges included $2.1 billion of depreciation and amortization expense and $203 million of deferred income tax expense. see "results of operations" for further discussion of our operations. the change in our working capital is detailed in note 18 of notes to consolidated financial statements. the use of cash resulting from the $1.3 billion change in working capital was mainly due to:
•   an increase in receivables resulting from an increase in sales volumes, partially offset by a decrease in commodity prices;
•   a decrease in income taxes payable primarily resulting from (i) $527 million of payments in early 2018 related to 2017 tax liabilities and (ii) $181 million of payments in late 2018 that will be applied to 2019 tax liabilities;
•   a decrease in accrued expenses mainly due to the timing of payments on our environmental compliance program obligations; partially offset by
•   an increase in accounts payable due to an increase in crude oil and other feedstock volumes purchased, partially offset by a decrease in commodity prices.
the $4.4 billion of cash generated by our operations, along with (i) $1.3 billion in proceeds from debt issuances and borrowings and $109 million in proceeds from borrowings of certain vies (as discussed in note 9 of notes to consolidated financial statements) and (ii) $2.9 billion from available cash on hand, were used mainly to:
•   fund $2.7 billion in capital investments, which include capital expenditures, deferred turnaround and catalyst costs, and investments in joint ventures;
•   fund (i) $468 million for the peru acquisition (as defined and discussed in note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements) in may 2018; (ii) $320 million for the acquisition of three ethanol plants in november 2018; and (iii) $88 million for other minor acquisitions;
•   fund $124 million of capital expenditures of certain vies;
•   acquire undivided interests in pipeline and terminal assets for $212 million;
•   redeem our 9.375 percent senior notes due march 15, 2019 for $787 million (or 104.9 percent of stated value);
•   make payments on debt and capital lease obligations of $435 million, of which $410 million related to the repayment of all outstanding borrowings under vlp's $750 million senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the vlp revolver);
•   retire $137 million of debt assumed in connection with the peru acquisition;
•   purchase common stock for treasury of $1.7 billion;
•   pay distributions to noncontrolling interests of $116 million.
cash flows for the year ended december 31, 2017
our operations generated $5.5 billion of cash in 2017. net income of $4.2 billion, net of the $1.9 billion noncash benefit from tax reform and other noncash charges of $2.1 billion, and a positive change in working capital of $1.3 billion were the primary drivers of the cash generated by our operations in 2017. other noncash charges included $2.0 billion of depreciation and amortization expense. see "results of operations" for further discussion of our operations. the tax reform benefit and the change in our working capital are detailed in notes 15 and 18, respectively, of notes to consolidated financial statements. the source of cash resulting from the $1.3 billion change in working capital was mainly due to:
•   an increase in accounts payable primarily as a result of an increase in commodity prices; and
•   an increase in receivables primarily as a result of an increase in commodity prices; and
•   an increase in inventory due to higher volumes held combined with an increase in commodity prices.
the $5.5 billion of cash generated by our operations, along with borrowings of $380 million under the vlp revolver as discussed in note 9 of notes to consolidated financial statements, were used mainly to:
•   fund $2.3 billion in capital investments, which include capital expenditures, deferred turnaround and catalyst costs, and investments in joint ventures;
•   acquire an undivided interest in crude system assets for $72 million;
•   purchase common stock for treasury of $1.4 billion;
•   pay distributions to noncontrolling interests of $67 million; and
cash flows for the year ended december 31, 2016
our operations generated $4.8 billion of cash in 2016, driven primarily by net income of $2.4 billion, net noncash charges to income of $1.4 billion, and a positive change in working capital of $976 million. noncash charges included $1.9 billion of depreciation and amortization expense, $56 million for the asset impairment loss associated with our aruba terminal, and $230 million of deferred income tax expense, partially offset by a benefit of $747 million from a lower of cost or market inventory valuation adjustment. see "results of operations" for further discussion of our operations. the change in our working capital is detailed in note 18 of notes to consolidated financial statements. the source of cash resulting from the $976 million change in working capital was mainly due to:
•   an increase in accounts payable primarily as a result of higher commodity prices;
•   an increase in receivables primarily as a result of higher commodity prices.
the $4.8 billion of cash generated by our operations, along with $2.2 billion in proceeds from debt issuances and borrowings (as discussed in note 9 of notes to consolidated financial statements), were used mainly to:
•   fund $2.0 billion in capital investments, which include capital expenditures, deferred turnaround and catalyst costs, and investments in joint ventures;
•   redeem our 6.125 percent senior notes due june 15, 2017 for $778 million (or 103.70 percent of stated value) and our 7.2 percent senior notes due october 15, 2017 for $213 million (or 106.27 percent of stated value);
•   make payments on debt and capital lease obligations of $525 million, of which $494 million related to borrowings under the vlp revolver, $9 million related to capital lease obligations, and $22 million related to other debt;
•   pay off a long-term liability of $137 million owed to a joint venture partner for an owner-method joint venture investment;
•   purchase common stock for treasury of $1.3 billion;
•   pay distributions to noncontrolling interests of $65 million; and
capital investments we define capital investments as capital expenditures for purchases of, additions to, and improvements in our property, plant, and equipment; turnaround and catalyst costs; and investments in joint ventures. capital expenditures include the capital expenditures of our consolidated subsidiaries and consolidated vies in which we hold an ownership interest.
our operations, especially those of our refining segment, are highly capital intensive. each of our refineries comprises a large base of property assets, consisting of a series of interconnected, highly integrated and interdependent crude oil processing facilities and supporting logistical infrastructure (units), and these units are improved continuously. the cost of improvements, which consist of the addition of new units and betterments of existing units, can be significant. we have historically acquired our refineries at amounts significantly below their replacement costs, whereas our improvements are made at full replacement value. as such, the costs for improving our refinery assets increase over time and are significant in relation to the amounts we paid to acquire our refineries. we plan for these improvements by developing a multi-year capital program that is updated and revised based on changing internal and external factors.
we make improvements to our refineries in order to maintain and enhance their operating reliability, to meet environmental obligations with respect to reducing emissions and removing prohibited elements from the products we produce, or to enhance their profitability. reliability and environmental improvements generally do not increase the throughput capacities of our refineries. improvements that enhance refinery profitability may increase throughput capacity, but many of these improvements allow our refineries to process different types of crude oil and to refine crude oil into products with higher market values. therefore, many of our improvements do not increase throughput capacity significantly.
for both 2019 and 2020, we expect to incur approximately $2.5 billion for capital investments, consisting of approximately 60 percent for sustaining capital and 40 percent for growth strategies. however, we continuously evaluate our capital budget and make changes as conditions warrant. this capital investment estimate excludes potential strategic acquisitions, including acquisitions of undivided interests.
in addition to our capital investments noted above, we separately reflect in our statements of cash flows the capital expenditures of certain vies that we consolidate even though we do not hold an ownership interest in them. these expenditures are not included in our $2.5 billion estimate of capital investments for 2019 or 2020. see note 12 of notes to consolidated financial statements for a description of our vies.
other matters impacting liquidity and capital resources merger with vlp on january 10, 2019, we completed our acquisition of all of the outstanding publicly held common units of vlp pursuant to the merger transaction with vlp. upon completion of the merger transaction, each outstanding publicly held common unit was converted into the right to receive $42.25 per common unit in cash without any interest thereon, and all such publicly traded common units were automatically canceled and ceased to exist. upon completion of the merger transaction, we paid aggregate merger consideration of $950 million, which was funded with available cash on hand. see note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements for a discussion of the merger transaction.
stock purchase programs on january 23, 2018, our board of directors authorized the 2018 program, which authorized our purchase of up to an additional $2.5 billion of our outstanding common stock with no expiration date. this authorization was in addition to the remaining amount available under a $2.5 billion program authorized under the 2016 program. during the fourth quarter of 2018, we completed our purchases under the 2016 program. as of december 31, 2018, we had $2.2 billion remaining available for purchase under the 2018 program. we have no obligation to make purchases under this program.
pension plan funding we plan to contribute approximately $35 million to our pension plans and $21 million to our other postretirement benefit plans during 2019. see note 13 of notes to consolidated financial statements for a discussion of our employee benefit plans.
environmental matters our operations are subject to extensive environmental regulations by governmental authorities relating to the discharge of materials into the environment, waste management, pollution prevention measures, ghg emissions, and characteristics and composition of gasolines and distillates. because environmental laws and regulations are becoming more complex and stringent and new environmental laws and regulations are continuously being enacted or proposed, the level of future expenditures required for environmental matters could increase in the future. in addition, any major upgrades in any of our operating facilities could require material additional expenditures to comply with environmental laws and regulations. see notes 8 and 10 of notes to consolidated financial statements for a discussion of our environmental matters.
tax matters the irs has ongoing audits related to our u.s. federal income tax returns from 2010 through 2015. we have received revenue agent reports in connection with the 2010 and 2011 combined audit. we have made significant progress in resolving this audit, which we believe will be settled within the next 12 months. upon settlement, we anticipate receiving a refund; therefore, we have a receivable of $336 million associated with this audit as of december 31, 2018. we do not expect to have a significant change to our uncertain tax positions upon the settlement of our ongoing audits, and we believe that the ultimate settlement of our audits will not be material to our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity.
cash held by our international subsidiaries in conjunction with our implementation of the provisions under tax reform, as described in note 15 of notes to consolidated financial statements, we recorded a liability of $740 million for the estimated u.s. federal tax due on the deemed repatriation of the accumulated earnings and profits of our international subsidiaries not previously distributed to us, and we will pay this liability over the eight-year period permitted by the provisions under tax reform. because of the deemed repatriation of these accumulated earnings and profits, there are no longer any u.s. federal income tax consequences associated with the repatriation of any of the $2.4 billion of cash and cash equivalents held by our international subsidiaries as of december 31, 2018. however, certain countries in which our international subsidiaries are organized impose withholding taxes on cash distributed outside of those countries. we have accrued for withholding taxes on the portion of the cash held by one of our international subsidiaries that we have deemed not to be permanently reinvested in our operations in that country. the remaining cash held by that subsidiary, as well as our other international subsidiaries, will be permanently reinvested in our operations in those countries.
concentration of customers our operations have a concentration of customers in the refining industry and customers who are refined petroleum product wholesalers and retailers. these concentrations of customers may impact our overall exposure to credit risk, either positively or negatively, in that these customers may be similarly affected by changes in economic or other conditions. however, we believe that our portfolio of accounts receivable is sufficiently diversified to the extent necessary to minimize potential credit risk. historically, we have not had any significant problems collecting our accounts receivable.
off-balance sheet arrangements we have not entered into any transactions, agreements, or other contractual arrangements that would result in off-balance sheet liabilities.
2019                                                                 2020                2021                2022                2023            thereafter           total debt and capitallease obligations (a)        $283                $920                 $77                 $69                 $85              $8,431            $9,865
other long-term liabilities                     -                 249                 232                 235                 261               1,890             2,867
(a)   debt obligations exclude amounts related to unamortized discounts and debt issuance costs. capital lease obligations include related interest expense.
debt and capital lease obligations our debt and capital lease obligations are described in note 9 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
our debt and financing agreements do not have rating agency triggers that would automatically require us to post additional collateral. however, in the event of certain downgrades of our senior unsecured debt by the ratings agencies, the cost of borrowings under some of our bank credit facilities and other arrangements would increase. all of our ratings on our senior unsecured debt as of december 31, 2018 are at or above investment grade level as follows:
rating rating agency                            valero                       vlp moody's investors service                baa2 (stable outlook)        baa3 (no outlook)
fitch ratings                            bbb (stable outlook)         bbb- (no outlook)
in january 2019, after the completion of the merger transaction as described in note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements, each of the rating agencies upgraded its rating of vlp's senior unsecured debt to our rating. the rating change follows the full and unconditional guarantee by us of vlp's senior notes.
we cannot provide assurance that these ratings will remain in effect for any given period of time or that one or more of these ratings will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency. we note that these credit ratings are not recommendations to buy, sell, or hold our securities. each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. any future reduction below investment grade or withdrawal of one or more of our credit ratings could have a material adverse impact on our ability to obtain short- and long-term financing and the cost of such financings.
operating lease obligations our long-term operating lease commitments include leases for land and office facilities; time charters for ocean-going tankers and coastal vessels; railcars; facilities and equipment related to industrial gases and power used in our operations; machinery and equipment used in our refining and ethanol operations; and various facilities and equipment used in the storage, transportation, production, and sale of refinery feedstock, refined petroleum product and corn inventories. operating lease obligations include all operating leases that have initial or remaining noncancelable terms in excess of one year, and are not reduced by minimum rentals to be received by us under subleases.
purchase obligations a purchase obligation is an enforceable and legally binding agreement to purchase goods or services that specifies significant terms, including (i) fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased, (ii) fixed, minimum, or variable price provisions, and (iii) the approximate timing of the transaction. we have various purchase obligations under certain crude oil and other feedstock supply arrangements, industrial gas supply arrangements (such as hydrogen supply arrangements), natural gas supply arrangements, and various throughput, transportation and terminaling agreements. we enter into these contracts to ensure an adequate supply of feedstock and utilities and adequate storage capacity to operate our refineries and ethanol plants. substantially all of our purchase obligations are based on market prices or adjustments based on market indices. certain of these purchase obligations include fixed or minimum volume requirements, while others are based on our usage requirements. the purchase obligation amounts shown in the preceding table include both short- and long-term obligations and are based on (i) fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased and (ii) fixed or estimated prices to be paid based on current market conditions.
other long-term liabilities our other long-term liabilities are described in note 8 of notes to consolidated financial statements. for purposes of reflecting amounts for other long-term liabilities in the preceding table, we made our best estimate of expected payments for each type of liability based on information available as of december 31, 2018.
new accounting pronouncements as discussed in note 1 of notes to consolidated financial statements, certain new financial accounting pronouncements became effective january 1, 2019, or will become effective in the future. the effect on our financial statements upon adoption of these pronouncements is discussed in the above-referenced note.
critical accounting policies involving critical accounting estimates the preparation of financial statements in accordance with u.s. gaap requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. actual results could differ from those estimates. the following summary provides further information about our critical accounting policies that involve critical accounting estimates, and should be read in conjunction with note 1 of notes to consolidated financial statements, which summarizes our significant accounting policies. the following accounting policies involve estimates that are considered critical due to the level of subjectivity and judgment involved, as well as the impact on our financial position and results of operations. we believe that all of our estimates are reasonable. unless otherwise noted, estimates of the sensitivity to earnings that would result from changes in the assumptions used in determining our estimates is not practicable due to the number of assumptions and contingencies involved, and the wide range of possible outcomes.
environmental matters our operations are subject to extensive environmental regulations by governmental authorities relating primarily to the discharge of materials into the environment, waste management, and pollution prevention measures. future legislative action and regulatory initiatives could result in changes to required operating permits, additional remedial actions, or increased capital expenditures and operating costs that cannot be assessed with certainty at this time.
accruals for environmental liabilities are based on best estimates of probable undiscounted future costs over a 20-year time period using currently available technology and applying current regulations, as well as our own internal environmental policies. however, environmental liabilities are difficult to assess and estimate due to uncertainties related to the magnitude of possible remediation, the timing of such remediation, and the determination of our obligation in proportion to other parties. such estimates are subject to change due to many factors, including the identification of new sites requiring remediation, changes in environmental laws and regulations and their interpretation, additional information related to the extent and nature of remediation efforts, and potential improvements in remediation technologies.
the amount of our accruals for environmental matters as of december 31, 2018 and 2017 are included in note 8 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
unrecognized tax benefits we take tax positions in our tax returns from time to time that may not be ultimately allowed by the relevant taxing authority. when we take such positions, we evaluate the likelihood of sustaining those positions and determine the amount of tax benefit arising from such positions, if any, that should be recognized in our financial statements. tax benefits not recognized by us are recorded as a liability in our balance sheets and
that liability represents our potential future obligation to the taxing authorities if the tax position is not sustained.
the evaluation of tax positions and the determination of the benefit arising from such positions that are recognized in our financial statements requires us to make significant judgments and estimates based on an analysis of complex tax laws and regulations and related interpretations. these judgments and estimates are subject to change due to many factors, including the progress of ongoing tax audits, case law, and changes in legislation.
our unrecognized tax benefits as of december 31, 2018 and 2017, along with other information about our unrecognized tax benefits, are included in note 15 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
pension and other postretirement benefit obligations we have significant pension and other postretirement benefit liabilities and costs that are developed from actuarial valuations. inherent in these valuations are key assumptions including discount rates, expected return on plan assets, future compensation increases, and health care cost trend rates. these assumptions are disclosed and described in note 13 of notes to consolidated financial statements. changes in these assumptions are primarily influenced by factors outside of our control. for example, the discount rate assumption represents a yield curve comprised of various long-term bonds that have an average rating of double-a when averaging all available ratings by the recognized rating agencies, while the expected return on plan assets is based on a compounded return calculated assuming an asset allocation that is representative of the asset mix in our pension plans. to determine the expected return on plan assets, we utilized a forward-looking model of asset returns. the historical geometric average return over the 10 years prior to december 31, 2018 was 9.38 percent. the actual return on assets for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017, and 2016 was (5.53) percent, 19.31 percent, and 7.77 percent, respectively. these assumptions can have a significant effect on the amounts reported in our financial statements. the following sensitivity analysis shows the effects on the projected benefit obligation as of december 31, 2018 and net periodic benefit cost for the year ending december 31, 2019 (in millions):
pension benefits      otherpostretirementbenefits increase in projected benefit obligation resulting from:
expected return on plan assets decrease of 0.25%                       6              n/a compensation rate increase of 0.25%                                    3              n/a our net periodic benefit cost is determined using the spot-rate approach. under this approach, our net periodic benefit cost is impacted by the spot rates of the corporate bond yield curve used to calculate our liability discount rate. if the yield curve were to flatten entirely and our liability discount rate remained unchanged, our net periodic benefit cost would increase by $10 million for pension benefits and $1 million for other postretirement benefits in 2019.
see note 13 of notes to consolidated financial statements for a discussion of our pension and other postretirement benefit obligations.
inventory valuation the cost of our inventories is principally determined under the last-in, first-out (lifo) method using the dollar-value lifo approach. our lifo inventories are carried at the lower of cost or market value and our non-lifo inventories are carried at the lower of cost or net realizable value. the market value of our lifo inventories is determined based on the net realizable value of the inventories.
we compare the market value of inventories to their cost on an aggregate basis, excluding materials and supplies. in determining the market value of our inventories, we assume our refinery and ethanol feedstocks are converted into refined petroleum products, which requires us to make estimates regarding the refined petroleum products expected to be produced from those feedstocks and the conversion costs required to convert those feedstocks into refined petroleum products. we also estimate the usual and customary transportation costs required to move the inventory from our refineries and ethanol plants to the appropriate points of sale. we then apply an estimated selling price to our inventories. if the aggregate market value is less than cost, we recognize a loss for the difference in our statements of income.
the lower of cost or market inventory valuation adjustment for the year ended december 31, 2016 is discussed in note 5 of notes to consolidated financial statements.