item 1a.   risk factors the risks described below could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. our business operations could also be affected by additional factors that apply to all companies operating in the u.s. and globally.
strategic risks general or macro-economic factors, both domestically and internationally, may materially adversely affect our financial performance.
general economic conditions and other economic factors, globally or in one or more of the markets we serve, may adversely affect our financial performance. higher interest rates, lower or higher prices of petroleum products, including crude oil, natural gas, gasoline, and diesel fuel, higher costs for electricity and other energy, weakness in the housing market, inflation, deflation, increased costs of essential services, such as medical care and utilities, higher levels of unemployment, decreases in consumer disposable income, unavailability of consumer credit, higher consumer debt levels, changes in consumer spending and shopping patterns, fluctuations in currency exchange rates, higher tax rates, imposition of new taxes or other changes in tax laws, changes in healthcare laws, other regulatory changes, the imposition of tariffs or other measures that create barriers to or increase the costs associated with international trade, overall economic slowdown or recession and other economic factors in the u.s. or in any of the other markets in which we operate could adversely affect consumer demand for the products we sell in the u.s. or such other markets, change the mix of products we sell to one with a lower average gross margin, cause a slowdown in discretionary purchases of goods, adversely affect our net sales and result in slower inventory turnover and greater markdowns of inventory, or otherwise materially adversely affect our operations and operating results and could result in impairment charges to intangible assets, goodwill or other long-lived assets.
in addition, the economic factors listed above, any other economic factors or circumstances resulting in higher transportation, labor, insurance or healthcare costs or commodity prices, and other economic factors in the u.s. and other countries in which we operate can increase our cost of sales and operating, selling, general and administrative expenses and otherwise materially adversely affect our operations and operating results.
the economic factors that affect our operations may also adversely affect the operations of our suppliers, which can result in an increase in the cost to us of the goods we sell to our customers or, in more extreme cases, in certain suppliers not producing goods in the volume typically available to us for sale.
we face strong competition from other retailers and wholesale club operators which could materially adversely affect our financial performance.
each of our segments competes for customers, employees, digital prominence, products and services and in other important aspects of its business with many other local, regional, national and global ecommerce and omni-channel retailers, wholesale club operators and retail intermediaries.
we compete in a variety of ways, including the prices at which we sell our merchandise, merchandise selection and availability, services offered to customers, location, store hours, in-store amenities, the shopping convenience and overall shopping experience we offer, the attractiveness and ease of use of our digital platforms, cost and speed of and options for delivery to customers of merchandise purchased through our digital platforms or through our omni-channel integration of our physical and digital operations.
a failure to respond effectively to competitive pressures and changes in the retail markets or delays or failure in execution of our strategy could materially adversely affect our financial performance. see "item 1. business" above for additional discussion of the competitive situation of each of our reportable segments.
certain segments of the retail industry are undergoing consolidation, which could result in increased competition and significantly alter the dynamics of the retail marketplace. other segments are substantially reducing operations which could also result in competition rushing to fill the void created by such corporate actions. such consolidation, or other business combinations or alliances, or reduction in operation may result in competitors with greatly improved financial resources, improved access to merchandise, greater market penetration than they previously enjoyed and other improvements in their competitive positions. such business combinations or alliances could result in the provision of a wider variety of products and services at competitive prices by such consolidated or aligned companies, which could adversely affect our financial performance.
we may not timely identify or effectively respond to consumer trends or preferences, which could negatively affect our relationship with our customers, demand for the products and services we sell, our market share and the growth of our business.
it is difficult to predict consistently and successfully the products and services our customers will demand and changes in their shopping patterns. the success of our business depends in part on how accurately we predict consumer demand, availability of merchandise, the related impact on the demand for existing products and the competitive environment. price transparency, assortment of products, customer experience, convenience, ease and the speed and cost of shipping are of primary importance to customers and continue to increase in importance, particularly as a result of digital tools and social media available to consumers and the choices available to consumers for purchasing products. our failure to adequately or effectively respond to changing consumer tastes, preferences and shopping patterns, or any other failure on our part to timely identify or effectively respond to changing consumer tastes, preferences and shopping patterns could negatively affect our relationship with our customers, the demand for the products we sell, our market share and the growth of our business.
failure to successfully execute our omni-channel strategy and the cost of our increasing ecommerce investments may materially adversely affect our market position, net sales and financial performance.
the retail business is rapidly evolving and consumers are increasingly embracing shopping digitally. as a result, the portion of total consumer expenditures with retailers and wholesale clubs occurring through digital platforms is increasing and the pace of this increase could accelerate.
our strategy, which includes acquisitions, joint ventures, investments in ecommerce, technology, store remodels and other customer initiatives may not adequately or effectively allow us to grow our ecommerce business, increase comparable store sales, maintain or grow our overall market position or otherwise offset the impact on the growth of our business of a moderated pace of new store and club openings. the success of this strategy will depend in large measure on our ability to build and deliver a seamless omni-channel shopping experience and is further subject to the risks we face as outlined in this item 1a. as a result, our market position, net sales and financial performance could be adversely affected, which could also result in impairment charges to intangible assets or other long-lived assets. in addition, a greater concentration of ecommerce sales could result in a reduction in the amount of traffic in our stores and clubs, which would, in turn, reduce the opportunities for cross-store or cross-club sales of merchandise that such traffic creates and could reduce our sales within our stores and clubs and materially adversely affect our financial performance.
furthermore, the cost of certain ecommerce and technology investments, including any operating losses incurred will adversely impact our financial performance in the short-term and may adversely impact our financial performance over the longer term.
the performance of strategic alliances and other business relationships to support the expansion of our business could materially adversely affect our financial performance.
we may enter into strategic alliances and other business relationships in the countries in which we have existing operations or in other markets to expand our retail operations. these arrangements may not generate the level of sales we anticipate when entering into the arrangement or may otherwise adversely impact our business and competitive position relative to the results we could have achieved in the absence of such alliance. in addition, any investment we make in connection with a strategic alliance or business relationship could materially adversely affect our financial performance.
operational risks natural disasters, changes in climate, and geo-political events could materially adversely affect our financial performance.
the occurrence of one or more natural disasters, such as hurricanes, tropical storms, floods, fires, earthquakes, tsunamis, cyclones, typhoons, weather conditions such as major or extended winter storms, droughts and tornadoes, whether as a result of climate change or otherwise, severe changes in climate and geo-political events, such as war, civil unrest or terrorist attacks in a
country in which we operate or in which our suppliers are located could adversely affect our operations and financial performance.
such events could result in physical damage to, or the complete loss of, one or more of our properties, the closure of one or more stores, clubs and distribution facilities, the lack of an adequate work force in a market, the inability of customers and associates to reach or have transportation to our stores and clubs affected by such events, the evacuation of the populace from areas in which our stores, clubs and distribution facilities are located, the unavailability of our digital platforms to our customers, changes in the purchasing patterns of consumers and in consumers' disposable income, the temporary or long-term disruption in the supply of products from some suppliers, the disruption in the transport of goods from overseas, the disruption or delay in the delivery of goods to our distribution facilities or stores within a country in which we are operating, the reduction in the availability of products in our stores, the disruption of utility services to our stores and our facilities, and disruption in our communications with our stores.
we bear the risk of losses incurred as a result of physical damage to, or destruction of, any stores, clubs and distribution facilities, loss or spoilage of inventory and business interruption caused by such events. these events and their impacts could otherwise disrupt and adversely affect our operations in the areas in which they occur and could materially adversely affect our financial performance.
risks associated with our suppliers could materially adversely affect our financial performance.
the products we sell are sourced from a wide variety of domestic and international suppliers. global sourcing of many of the products we sell is an important factor in our financial performance. we expect our suppliers to comply with applicable laws, including labor, safety, anti-corruption and environmental laws, and to otherwise meet our required supplier standards of conduct. our ability to find qualified suppliers who uphold our standards, and to access products in a timely and efficient manner, is a significant challenge, especially with respect to suppliers located and goods sourced outside the u.s.
political and economic instability in the countries in which our foreign suppliers and their manufacturers are located, the financial instability of suppliers, suppliers' failure to meet certain of our supplier standards (including our responsible sourcing standards), labor problems experienced by our suppliers and their manufacturers, the availability of raw materials to suppliers, merchandise safety and quality issues, disruption in the transportation of merchandise from the suppliers and manufacturers to our stores, clubs, and other facilities, including as a result of labor slowdowns at any port at which a material amount of merchandise we purchase enters into the markets in which we operate, currency exchange rates, transport availability and cost, transport security, inflation and other factors relating to the suppliers and the countries in which they are located are beyond our control.
in addition, the u.s. foreign trade policies, tariffs and other impositions on imported goods, trade sanctions imposed on certain countries, the limitation on the importation of certain types of goods or of goods containing certain materials from other countries and other factors relating to foreign trade are beyond our control. these and other factors affecting our suppliers and our access to products could adversely affect our financial performance.
if the products we sell are not safe or otherwise fail to meet our customers' expectations, we could lose customers, incur liability for any injuries suffered by customers using or consuming a product we sell or otherwise experience a material impact to our brand, reputation and financial performance. we may also face reputational and other risks related to third-party sales on our digital platforms.
our customers count on us to provide them with safe products. concerns regarding the safety of food and non-food products that we source from our suppliers or that we prepare and then sell could cause customers to avoid purchasing certain products from us, or to seek alternative sources of supply for all of their food and non-food needs, even if the basis for the concern is outside of our control. any lost confidence on the part of our customers would be difficult and costly to reestablish and may also expose us to product liability or food safety claims. as such, any issue regarding the safety of any food or non-food items we sell, regardless of the cause, could adversely affect our brand, reputation and financial performance. in addition, third-parties sell goods on some of our digital platforms, which we refer to as marketplace transactions. the applicability to us of laws related to such sales is currently unsettled and we may face reputational, financial and other risks, including liability, for third-party sales of goods that are counterfeit or otherwise fraudulent.
we rely extensively on information systems to process transactions, summarize results and manage our business. disruptions in our systems could harm our ability to conduct our operations.
given the number of individual transactions we have each year, it is crucial that we maintain uninterrupted operation of our business-critical information systems. our information systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, worms, other malicious computer programs, denial-of-service attacks, security breaches (through cyber-attacks from cyber-attackers and sophisticated organizations), catastrophic events such as fires, tornadoes, earthquakes and hurricanes, and usage errors by our associates or contractors. our information systems are essential to our business operations, including the processing of transactions, management of our associates, facilities, logistics, inventories, physical stores and clubs and our online operations. our information systems are not fully
redundant and if our systems are damaged, breached or cease to function properly, we may have to make a significant investment to repair or replace them, and we may suffer interruptions in our business operations in the interim. any interruption to our information systems may have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. in addition, we are constantly updating our information technology processes and systems. the risk of system disruption is increased when significant system changes are undertaken. if we fail to timely integrate and update our information systems and processes, we may fail to realize the cost savings anticipated to be derived from these initiatives.
if the technology-based systems that give our customers the ability to shop with us online do not function effectively, our operating results, as well as our ability to grow our ecommerce business globally, could be materially adversely affected.
increasingly, customers are using computers, tablets, and smart phones to shop with us and with our competitors and to do comparison shopping. we use social media and electronic mail to interact with our customers and as a means to enhance their shopping experience. as a part of our omni-channel sales strategy, in addition to home delivery, we offer "walmart pickup," "pickup today," "club pickup" and "online grocery" programs under which many products available for purchase online can be picked up by the customer at a local walmart store or sam's club, which provides additional customer traffic at such stores and clubs. omni-channel retailing is a rapidly evolving part of the retail industry and of our operations in the u.s. (whether through organic growth or ecommerce acquisitions) and in a number of markets in which our walmart international segment operates.
we must anticipate and meet our customers' changing expectations while adjusting for technology investments and developments in our competitors' operations through focusing on the building and delivery of a seamless shopping experience across all channels by each operating segment. any failure on our part to provide attractive, user-friendly secure digital platforms that offer a wide assortment of merchandise at competitive prices and with low cost and rapid delivery options and that continually meet the changing expectations of online shoppers and developments in online and digital platform merchandising and related technology could place us at a competitive disadvantage, result in the loss of ecommerce and other sales, harm our reputation with customers, have a material adverse impact on the growth of our ecommerce business globally and have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations.
our digital platforms, which are increasingly important to our business and continue to grow in complexity and scope, and the computer and operating systems on which they run, including those applications and systems in our acquired ecommerce businesses, are regularly subject to cyber-attacks. those attacks involve attempts to gain access to our ecommerce websites (including marketplace platforms) or mobile commerce applications to obtain and make unauthorized use of customers' or members' payment information and related risks discussed below. such attacks, if successful, may also create denials of service or otherwise disable, degrade or sabotage one or more of our digital platforms and otherwise significantly disrupt our customers' and members' shopping experience. if we are unable to maintain the security of our digital platforms and keep them operating within acceptable parameters, we could suffer loss of sales, reductions in traffic, reputational damage and deterioration of our competitive position and incur liability for any damage to customers whose personal information is unlawfully obtained and used, any of which events could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations and impede the execution of our strategy for the growth of our business.
any failure to maintain the security of the information relating to our company, customers, members, associates and vendors, whether as a result of cybersecurity attacks on our information systems or otherwise, could damage our reputation, result in litigation or other legal actions against us, cause us to incur substantial additional costs, and materially adversely affect our business and operating results.
as do most retailers, we receive and store in our digital information systems certain personal information about our customers and members, and we receive and store personal information concerning our associates and vendors. some of that information is stored digitally in connection with our digital platforms. we also utilize third-party service providers for a variety of reasons, including, without limitation, for encryption and authentication technology, content delivery to customers and members, back-office support, and other functions. such providers may have access to information we hold about our customers, members, associates or vendors. in addition, our ecommerce operations depend upon the secure transmission of confidential information over public networks, including information permitting cashless payments.
cyber threats are rapidly evolving and those threats and the means for obtaining access to information in digital and other storage media are becoming increasingly sophisticated. cyber threats and cyber-attackers can be sponsored by countries or sophisticated criminal organizations or be the work of single "hackers" or small groups of "hackers." each year, cyber-attackers make numerous attempts to access the information stored in our information systems. as cyber threats evolve, change and become more difficult to detect and successfully defend against, one or more cyber-attacks might defeat our or a third-party service provider's security measures in the future and obtain the personal information of customers, members, associates and vendors.
associate error or malfeasance, faulty password management or other irregularities may also result in a defeat of our or our third-party service providers' security measures and a breach of our or their information systems. moreover, hardware, software or applications we use may have inherent defects of design, manufacture or operations or could be inadvertently or intentionally implemented or used in a manner that could compromise information security. we or our third-party service providers may not discover any security breach and loss of information for a significant period of time after the security breach occurs.
any breach of our security measures or any breach, error or malfeasance of those of our third-party service providers and loss of our confidential information, or any failure by us to comply with applicable privacy and information security laws and regulations, could cause us to incur significant costs to protect any customers, members, associates and vendors whose personal data was compromised and to restore their confidence in us and to make changes to our information systems and administrative processes to address security issues and compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
in addition, such events could be widely publicized and could materially adversely affect our reputation with our customers, members, associates, vendors and shareholders, could harm our competitive position particularly with respect to our ecommerce operations, and could result in a material reduction in our net sales in our ecommerce operations, as well as in our stores thereby materially adversely affecting our operations, net sales, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and liquidity. such events could also result in the release to the public of confidential information about our operations and financial condition and performance and could result in litigation or other legal actions against us or the imposition of penalties, fines, fees or liabilities, which may not be covered by our insurance policies. moreover, a security breach could require us to devote significant management resources to address the problems created by the security breach and to expend significant additional resources to upgrade further the security measures we employ to guard personal information against cyber-attacks and other attempts to access such information and could result in a disruption of our operations, particularly our digital operations.
we accept payments using a variety of methods, including cash, checks, credit and debit cards, our private label credit cards and gift cards, and we may offer new payment options over time, which may have information security risk implications. as a retailer accepting debit and credit cards for payment, we are subject to various industry data protection standards and protocols, such as payment network security operating guidelines and the payment card industry data security standard. we cannot be certain that the security measures we maintain to protect all of our information technology systems are able to prevent, contain or detect any cyber-attacks, cyber terrorism, or security breaches from known cyber-attacks or malware that may be developed in the future. to the extent that any cyber-attack or incursion in our or one of our third-party service provider's information systems results in the loss, damage or misappropriation of information, we may be materially adversely affected by claims from customers, financial institutions, regulatory authorities, payment card networks and others. in certain circumstances, payment card association rules and obligations to which we are subject under our contracts with payment card processors make us liable to payment card issuers if information in connection with payment cards and payment card transactions that we hold is compromised, which liabilities could be substantial. in addition, the cost of complying with stricter and more complex data privacy, data collection and information security laws and standards could be significant to us.
changes in the results of our retail pharmacy business could adversely affect our overall results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
walmart has retail pharmacy operations in our walmart u.s. and sam's club segments. a large majority of our retail pharmacy net sales are generated by filling prescriptions for which we receive payment through established contractual relationships with third-party payers and payment administrators, such as private insurers, governmental agencies and pharmacy benefit managers ("pbms").
our retail pharmacy operations are subject to numerous risks, including: reductions in the third-party reimbursement rates for drugs; changes in our payer mix (i.e., shifts in the relative distribution of our pharmacy customers across drug insurance plans and programs toward plans and programs with less favorable reimbursement terms); changes in third party payer drug formularies (i.e., the schedule of prescription drugs approved for reimbursement or which otherwise receive preferential coverage treatment); growth in, and our participation in or exclusion from, exclusive and preferred pharmacy network arrangements operated by pbms and/or any insurance plan or program; increases in the prices we pay for brand name and generic prescription drugs we sell; increases in the administrative burdens associated with seeking third-party reimbursement; changes in the frequency with which new brand name pharmaceuticals become available to consumers; introduction of lower cost generic drugs as substitutes for existing brand name drugs for which there was no prior generic drug competition; changes in drug mix (i.e., the relative distribution of drugs customers purchase at our pharmacies between brands and generics); changes in the health insurance market generally; changes in the scope of or the elimination of medicare part d or medicaid drug programs; increased competition from other retail pharmacy operations; further consolidation among third party payers, pbms or purchasers of drugs; overall economic conditions and the ability of our pharmacy customers to pay for drugs prescribed for them to the extent the costs are not reimbursed by a third party; failure to meet any performance or incentive thresholds to which our level of third party reimbursement may be subject; and changes in the regulatory environment for the retail pharmacy industry and the pharmaceutical industry, including as a result of restrictions on the further implementation of or the repeal of
the patient protection and affordable care act or the enactment and implementation of a law replacing such act, and other changes in laws, rules and regulations that affect our retail pharmacy business.
if the supply of certain pharmaceuticals provided by one or more of our vendors were to be disrupted for any reason, our pharmacy operations could be severely affected until at least such time as we could obtain a new supplier for such pharmaceuticals. any such disruption could cause reputational damage and result in a significant number of our pharmacy customers transferring their prescriptions to other pharmacies.
one or a combination of such factors may adversely affect the volumes of brand name and generic pharmaceuticals we sell, our cost of sales associated with our retail pharmacy operations, and the net sales and gross margin of those operations or result in the loss of cross-store or cross-club selling opportunities and, in turn, adversely affect our overall net sales, other results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
our failure to attract and retain qualified associates, increases in wage and benefit costs, changes in laws and other labor issues could materially adversely affect our financial performance.
our ability to continue to conduct and expand our operations depends on our ability to attract and retain a large and growing number of qualified associates globally. our ability to meet our labor needs, including our ability to find qualified personnel to fill positions that become vacant at our existing stores, clubs and distribution centers, while controlling our associate wage and related labor costs, is generally subject to numerous external factors, including the availability of a sufficient number of qualified persons in the work force of the markets in which we operate, unemployment levels within those markets, prevailing wage rates, changing demographics, health and other insurance costs and adoption of new or revised employment and labor laws and regulations. if we are unable to locate, to attract or to retain qualified personnel, the quality of service we provide to our customers may decrease and our financial performance may be adversely affected.
in addition, if our costs of labor or related costs increase for other reasons or if new or revised labor laws, rules or regulations or healthcare laws are adopted or implemented that further increase our labor costs, our financial performance could be materially adversely affected.
financial risks fluctuations in foreign exchange rates may materially adversely affect our financial performance and our reported results of operations.
our operations in countries other than the u.s. are conducted primarily in the local currencies of those countries. our consolidated financial statements are denominated in u.s. dollars, and to prepare those financial statements we must translate the amounts of the assets, liabilities, net sales, other revenues and expenses of our operations outside of the u.s. from local currencies into u.s. dollars using exchange rates for the current period. in recent years, fluctuations in currency exchange rates that were unfavorable have had adverse effects on our reported results of operations.
as a result of such translations, fluctuations in currency exchange rates from period-to-period that are unfavorable to us may also result in our consolidated financial statements reflecting significant adverse period-over-period changes in our financial performance or reflecting a period-over-period improvement in our financial performance that is not as robust as it would be without such fluctuations in the currency exchange rates. such unfavorable currency exchange rate fluctuations will adversely affect the reported performance of our walmart international operating segment and have a corresponding adverse effect on our reported consolidated results of operations.
we may pay for products we purchase for sale in our stores and clubs around the world with a currency other than the local currency of the country in which the goods will be sold. when we must acquire the currency to pay for such products and the exchange rates for the payment currency fluctuate in a manner unfavorable to us, our cost of sales may increase and we may be unable or unwilling to change the prices at which we sell those goods to address that increase in our costs, with a corresponding adverse effect on our gross profit. consequently, fluctuations in currency exchange rates may adversely affect our results of operations.
failure to meet market expectations for our financial performance could adversely affect the market price and volatility of our stock.
we believe that the price of our stock generally reflects high market expectations for our future operating results. any failure to meet or delay in meeting these expectations, including our comparable store and club sales growth rates, ecommerce growth rates, gross margin, or earnings and earnings per share could cause the market price of our stock to decline, as could changes in our dividend or stock repurchase programs or policies. additionally, failure of walmart's performance to compare favorably to that of other retailers may have a negative effect on the price of our stock.
legal, tax, regulatory, compliance, reputational and other risks our international operations subject us to legislative, judicial, accounting, legal, regulatory, tax, political and economic risks and conditions specific to the countries or regions in which we operate, which could materially adversely affect our business or financial performance.
in addition to our u.s. operations, we operate our retail business in africa, argentina, canada, central america, chile, china, india, japan, mexico and the united kingdom.
during fiscal 2019, our walmart international operations generated approximately 24% of our consolidated net sales. walmart international's operations in various countries also sources goods and services from other countries. our future operating results in these countries could be negatively affected by a variety of factors, most of which are beyond our control. these factors include political conditions, including political instability, local and global economic conditions, legal and regulatory constraints (such as regulation of product and service offerings including regulatory restrictions on ecommerce offerings in international markets, such as india), restrictive governmental actions (such as trade protection measures), local product safety and environmental laws, tax regulations, local labor laws, anti-money laundering laws and regulations, trade policies, currency regulations, laws and regulations regarding consumer and data protection, and other matters in any of the countries or regions in which we operate, now or in the future.
our business and results of operations in the uk may be negatively affected by increases in food costs, changes in trade policies, changes in labor, immigration, tax or other laws and fluctuations in currency exchange rates resulting from the uk's pending exit from the european union. we expect continued uncertainty around the extent of the impact of this exit on our business until the uk and the european union put in alternative trade and other arrangements.
the economies of some of the countries in which we have operations have in the past suffered from high rates of inflation and currency devaluations, which, if they occurred again, could adversely affect our financial performance. other factors which may impact our international operations include foreign trade, monetary and fiscal policies of the u.s. and of other countries, laws, regulations and other activities of foreign governments, agencies and similar organizations, and risks associated with having numerous facilities located in countries which have historically been less stable than the u.s. additional risks inherent in our international operations generally include, among others, the costs and difficulties of managing international operations, adverse tax consequences and greater difficulty in enforcing intellectual property rights in countries other than the u.s. the various risks inherent in doing business in the u.s. generally also exist when doing business outside of the u.s., and may be exaggerated by the difficulty of doing business in numerous sovereign jurisdictions due to differences in culture, laws and regulations.
in foreign countries in which we have operations, a risk exists that our associates, contractors or agents could, in contravention of our policies, engage in business practices prohibited by u.s. laws and regulations applicable to us, such as the foreign corrupt practices act ("fcpa"), or the laws and regulations of other countries, such as the uk bribery act. we maintain a global policy prohibiting such business practices and have in place a global anti-corruption compliance program designed to ensure compliance with these laws and regulations. nevertheless, we remain subject to the risk that one or more of our associates, contractors or agents, including those based in or from countries where practices that violate such u.s. laws and regulations or the laws and regulations of other countries may be customary, will engage in business practices that are prohibited by our policies, circumvent our compliance programs and, by doing so, violate such laws and regulations. any such violations, even if prohibited by our internal policies, could adversely affect our business or financial performance and our reputation.
changes in tax and trade laws and regulations could materially adversely affect our financial performance.
in fiscal 2019, our walmart u.s. and sam's club operating segments generated approximately 76% of our consolidated net sales. the federal government has created the potential for significant changes in trade policies, including tariffs and government regulations affecting trade between the u.s. and other countries where we source many of the products we sell in our stores and clubs. potential changes which have been discussed include the renegotiation or termination of trade agreements and the imposition of higher tariffs on imports into the u.s. a significant portion of the general merchandise we sell in our u.s. stores and clubs is manufactured in other countries. any such actions could increase the cost to us of such merchandise (whether imported directly or indirectly) and cause increases in the prices at which we sell such merchandise to our customers, which could materially adversely affect the financial performance of our u.s. operations and our business.
we are subject to income taxes and other taxes in both the u.s. and the foreign jurisdictions in which we currently operate or have historically operated. the determination of our worldwide provision for income taxes and current and deferred tax assets and liabilities requires judgment and estimation. our income taxes could be materially adversely affected by earnings being lower than anticipated in jurisdictions that have lower statutory tax rates and higher than anticipated in jurisdictions that have higher statutory tax rates, by changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, or by changes in worldwide tax laws, regulations, or accounting principles.
for example, the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 (the "tax act") significantly changed income tax laws that affect u.s. corporations and there are aspects of the tax act that remain unclear as additional guidance from the u.s. tax authority is pending. as further guidance is issued by the u.s. treasury department, the irs, and other standard-setting bodies, any resulting changes in our estimates will be treated in accordance with the relevant accounting guidance.
in addition, we are subject to regular review and audit by both domestic and foreign tax authorities as well as subject to the prospective and retrospective effects of changing tax regulations and legislation. although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the ultimate tax outcome may materially differ from the tax amounts recorded in our consolidated financial statements and may materially affect our income tax provision, net income, or cash flows in the period or periods for which such determination and settlement is made.
changes in and/or failure to comply with other laws and regulations specific to the environments in which we operate could materially adversely affect our reputation, market position, or our business and financial performance.
we operate in complex regulated environments in the united states and in the other countries in which we operate and could be adversely affected by changes to existing legal requirements including the related interpretations and enforcement practices, new legal requirements and/or any failure to comply with applicable regulations.
our pharmacy operations in the united states are subject to numerous federal, state and local regulations including licensing and other requirements for pharmacies and reimbursement arrangements. the regulations to which we are subject include, but are not limited to: federal and state registration and regulation of pharmacies; dispensing and sale of controlled substances and products containing pseudoephedrine; applicable governmental payer regulations including medicare and medicaid; data privacy and security laws and regulations including the health insurance portability and accountability act, the affordable care act, laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment and health and safety matters, including those governing exposure to, and the management and disposal of, hazardous substances; regulations regarding food and drug safety including those of the u.s. food and drug administration (the "fda") and the drug enforcement administration (the "dea"), trade regulations including those of the u.s. federal trade commission, and consumer protection and safety regulations including those of the consumer product safety commission, as well as state regulatory authorities, governing the availability, sale, advertisement and promotion of products we sell and the financial services we offer; anti-kickback laws; false claims laws; and federal and state laws governing health care fraud and abuse and the practice of the professions of pharmacy, optical care and nurse practitioner services.
for example, in the united states the dea and various other regulatory authorities regulate the distribution and dispensing of pharmaceuticals and controlled substances. we are required to hold valid dea and state-level licenses, meet various security and operating standards and comply with the federal and various state controlled substance acts and related regulations governing the sale, dispensing, disposal and holding of controlled substances. the dea, the fda and state regulatory authorities have broad enforcement powers, including the ability to seize or recall products and impose significant criminal, civil and administrative sanctions for violations of these laws and regulations.
we are also governed by foreign, national and state laws and regulations of general applicability, including laws and regulations related to working conditions, health and safety, equal employment opportunity, employee benefit and other labor and employment matters, laws and regulations related to competition, and antitrust matters, and health and wellness related regulations for our pharmacy operations outside of the united states. in addition, certain financial services we offer or make available, such as our money transfer agent services, are subject to legal and regulatory requirements, including those intended to help detect and prevent money laundering, fraud and other illicit activity. the impact of new laws, regulations and policies and the related interpretations and changes in enforcement practices or regulatory scrutiny generally cannot be predicted, and changes in applicable laws, regulations and policies and the related interpretations and enforcement practices may require extensive system and operational changes, be difficult to implement, increase our operating costs, require significant capital expenditures, or adversely impact the cost or attractiveness of the products or services we offer.
untimely compliance or noncompliance with applicable laws and regulations could result in the imposition of civil and criminal penalties that could adversely affect the continued operation of our businesses, including: suspension of payments from government programs; loss of required government certifications; loss of authorizations to participate in or exclusion from government programs, including the medicare and medicaid programs in the united states; loss of licenses; and significant fines or monetary damages and/or penalties. in addition, failure to comply with applicable legal or regulatory requirements in the united states or in any of the countries in which we operate could result in significant legal and financial exposure, damage to our reputation, and have a material adverse effect on our business operations, financial condition and results of operations.
we are subject to certain legal proceedings that may materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
we are involved in a number of legal proceedings, which include consumer, employment, tort and other litigation. in particular, we are currently a defendant in a number of cases containing class-action allegations in which the plaintiffs have brought claims under federal and state wage and hour laws, as well as a number of cases containing class-action allegations in which the plaintiffs have brought claims under federal and state consumer laws.
in addition, asda stores, ltd. ("asda"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the company, has been named as a defendant in numerous "equal value" claims pending in the manchester employment tribunal (the "employment tribunal") in the united kingdom. the claimants, who are current and former asda store employees, allege that the work performed by female employees in asda's retail stores is of equal value in terms of, among other things, the demands of their jobs to that of male employees working in asda's warehouses and distribution facilities, and that the disparity in pay between these different job positions is not objectively justified. the claimants are seeking differential back pay based on higher wage rates in the warehouses and distribution facilities and higher wage rates on a prospective basis. at present, we cannot predict the number of such claims that may be filed, and cannot reasonably estimate any loss or range of loss that may arise from these matters.
in december 2017, the united states judicial panel on multidistrict litigation consolidated numerous lawsuits filed against a wide array of defendants by various plaintiffs, including counties, cities, healthcare providers, native american tribes, individuals, and third-party payors, asserting claims generally concerning the impacts of widespread opioid abuse. the consolidated multidistrict litigation is entitled in re national prescription opiate litigation (mdl no. 2804), and is pending in the u.s. district court for the northern district of ohio. the company is named as a defendant in some of the cases included in this multidistrict litigation. similar cases that name the company have also been filed in state courts by state, local and tribal governments, health care providers and other plaintiffs. plaintiffs are seeking compensatory and punitive damages, as well as injunctive relief including abatement. the company cannot predict the number of such claims that may be filed, and cannot reasonably estimate any loss or range of loss that may arise from such claims.
we discuss these cases and other litigation to which we are party below under the caption "item 3. legal proceedings" and in note 10 in the "notes to our consolidated financial statements," which are part of this annual report on form 10-k.
we could be subject to liability, penalties and other sanctions and other adverse consequences arising out of our on-going fcpa matter.
as previously disclosed, we are under investigation by the u.s. department of justice (the "doj") and the sec regarding possible violations of the fcpa. we have been cooperating with those agencies and discussions have been ongoing with them regarding the resolution of these matters. these discussions have progressed to a point that in fiscal 2018, we reasonably estimated a probable loss and recorded an aggregate accrual of $283 million with respect to these matters (the "accrual").
a number of federal and local government agencies in mexico also investigated these matters.  walmex cooperated with the mexican governmental agencies that conducted these investigations.
furthermore, lawsuits relating to the matters under investigation were filed by several of our shareholders against us, certain of our current and former directors and former officers and certain of walmex's former officers.  these matters have been resolved or immaterial accruals have been made for proposed settlements.
we could be exposed to a variety of negative consequences as a result of the matters noted above. one or more enforcement actions could be instituted in respect of the matters that are the subject of some or all of the on-going government investigations, and such actions, if brought, may result in judgments, settlements, fines, penalties, injunctions, cease and desist orders, debarment or other relief, criminal convictions and/or penalties. shareholder lawsuits may result in judgments against us and our current and former directors and officers named in those proceedings. we also expect that there will be ongoing media and governmental interest regarding these matters, including additional news articles on these matters that could impact the perception among certain audiences of our role as a corporate citizen. moreover, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur costs in responding to requests for information or subpoenas seeking documents, testimony and other information in connection with the government investigations, in defending the shareholder lawsuits and with respect to investigations.
while we have made an accrual for these matters, because the discussions are continuing, there can be no assurance as to the timing or the terms of the final resolution of these matters. although we do not presently believe that these matters, including the accrual (and the payment of the accrual at some point-in-time in the future) will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows, given the inherent uncertainties in such situations, we can provide no assurance that these matters will not be material to our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows in the future.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview this discussion, which presents our results for the fiscal years ended january 31, 2019 ("fiscal 2019"), january 31, 2018 ("fiscal 2018") and january 31, 2017 ("fiscal 2017") should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes. we intend for this discussion to provide the reader with information that will assist in understanding our financial statements, the changes in certain key items in those financial statements from period to period and the primary factors that accounted for those changes. we also discuss certain performance metrics that management uses to assess the company's performance. additionally, the discussion provides information about the financial results of each of the three segments to provide a better understanding of how each of those segments and its results of operations affect the financial condition and results of operations of the company as a whole.
management measures the results of the company's segments using each segment's operating income, including certain corporate overhead allocations, as well as other measures. from time to time, we revise the measurement of each segment's operating income and other measures as determined by the information regularly reviewed by our chief operating decision maker. in fiscal 2019, the company revised certain of its corporate overhead allocations, including depreciation expense, to the operating segments and, accordingly, revised prior period amounts for comparability.
management also measures the results of comparable store and club sales, or comparable sales, a metric that indicates the performance of our existing stores and clubs by measuring the change in sales for such stores and clubs, including ecommerce sales, for a particular period from the corresponding period in the previous year. walmart's definition of comparable sales includes sales from stores and clubs open for the previous 12 months, including remodels, relocations, expansions and conversions, as well as ecommerce sales. we measure the ecommerce sales impact by including all sales initiated online or though mobile applications, including omni-channel transactions which are fulfilled through our stores and clubs. sales at a store that has changed in format are excluded from comparable sales when the conversion of that store is accompanied by a relocation or expansion that results in a change in the store's retail square feet of more than five percent. additionally, sales related to acquisitions are excluded until such acquisitions have been owned for 12 months. comparable sales are also referred to as "same-store" sales by others within the retail industry. the method of calculating comparable sales varies across the retail industry. as a result, our calculation of comparable sales is not necessarily comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies.
in discussing our operating results, the term currency exchange rates refers to the currency exchange rates we use to convert the operating results for countries where the functional currency is not the u.s. dollar into u.s. dollars or for countries experiencing hyperinflation. we calculate the effect of changes in currency exchange rates as the difference between current period activity translated using the current period's currency exchange rates and the comparable prior year period's currency exchange rates. additionally, no currency exchange rate fluctuations are calculated for non-usd acquisitions until owned for 12 months. throughout our discussion, we refer to the results of this calculation as the impact of currency exchange rate fluctuations. volatility in currency exchange rates may impact the results, including net sales and operating income, of the company and the walmart international segment in the future.
our business is seasonal to a certain extent due to calendar events and national and religious holidays, as well as weather patterns. generally, our highest sales volume and operating income have occurred in the fiscal quarter ending january 31.
we made certain strategic portfolio decisions, further discussed in item 1. business, which include the following:
   acquisition of 81 percent of the outstanding shares, or 77 percent of the diluted shares, of flipkart private limited ("flipkart") in august 2018. the ongoing operations negatively impacted fiscal 2019 net income and this negative impact will continue in fiscal 2020.
   proposed combination of j sainsbury plc and asda group limited ("asda"), where we would receive approximately 42 percent of the share capital of the combined company, however, the held for sale criteria has not been met as of january 31, 2019. further, there can be no assurance as to whether regulatory approval will be obtained or the proposed combination will be consummated. in the future, if the held for sale classification criteria is met for the disposal group, we expect to recognize a loss, the amount of which may fluctuate based on the changes in the value of share capital received and foreign exchange rates.
   divestiture of 80 percent of walmart brazil to advent international ("advent") in august 2018, for which we recorded a pre-tax loss of $4.8 billion in fiscal 2019.
   divestiture of banking operations in walmart chile in december 2018 and the proposed divestiture of banking operations in walmart canada, classified as held for sale as of january 31, 2019.
the retail industry we operate in the highly competitive omni-channel retail industry in all of the markets we serve. we face strong sales competition from other discount, department, drug, dollar, variety and specialty stores, warehouse clubs and supermarkets, as well as ecommerce businesses. many of these competitors are national, regional or international chains or have a national or international omni-channel or ecommerce presence. we also compete with a number of companies for attracting and retaining quality employees ("associates"). we, along with other retail companies, are influenced by a number of factors including, but not limited to: catastrophic events, weather, competitive pressures, consumer disposable income, consumer debt levels and buying patterns, consumer credit availability, cost of goods, currency exchange rate fluctuations, customer preferences, deflation, inflation, fuel and energy prices, general economic conditions, insurance costs, interest rates, labor costs, tax rates, the imposition of tariffs, cybersecurity attacks and unemployment. further information on the factors that can affect our operating results and on certain risks to our company and an investment in its securities can be found herein under "item 1a. risk factors," and under "cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements."
company performance metrics we are committed to helping customers save money and live better through everyday low prices, supported by everyday low costs.  at times, we adjust our business strategies to maintain and strengthen our competitive positions in the countries in which we operate.  we define our financial framework as:
   strategic capital allocation.
as we execute on this financial framework, we believe our returns on capital will improve over time.
strong, efficient growth our objective of prioritizing strong, efficient growth means we will focus on the most productive growth opportunities, increasing comparable store and club sales, accelerating ecommerce sales growth and expansion of omni-channel initiatives while slowing the rate of growth of new stores and clubs. at times, we make strategic investments which are focused on the long-term growth of the company.
comparable sales is a metric that indicates the performance of our existing stores and clubs by measuring the change in sales for such stores and clubs, including ecommerce sales, for a particular period over the corresponding period in the previous year. the retail industry generally reports comparable sales using the retail calendar (also known as the 4-5-4 calendar). to be consistent with the retail industry, we provide comparable sales using the retail calendar in our quarterly earnings releases. however, when we discuss our comparable sales below, we are referring to our calendar comparable sales calculated using our fiscal calendar, which may result in differences when compared to comparable sales using the retail calendar.
calendar comparable sales, as well as the impact of fuel, for fiscal 2019 and 2018, were as follows:
with fuel                 fuel impact walmart u.s.        3.7%          2.1%          0.1%          0.1%
walmart u.s. comparable sales increased 3.7% and 2.1% in fiscal 2019 and 2018, respectively, driven by ticket and traffic growth. walmart u.s. ecommerce sales positively contributed approximately 1.3% and 0.7% to comparable sales for fiscal 2019 and fiscal 2018, respectively, as we continue to focus on a seamless omni-channel experience for our customers. sam's club comparable sales increased 5.4% and 2.8% in fiscal 2019 and 2018, respectively. sam's club fiscal 2019 comparable sales were driven by strong traffic, which was aided by transfers of sales from our closed clubs to our existing clubs and fuel sales. these increases were partially offset by reduced tobacco sales due to our decision to remove tobacco from certain locations in fiscal 2019. sam's club fiscal 2018 comp sales were driven by strong traffic and fuel sales. sam's club ecommerce sales positively contributed approximately 0.9% and 0.7% to comparable sales for fiscal 2019 and 2018, respectively.
consistent operating discipline we operate with discipline by managing expenses, optimizing the efficiency of how we work and creating an environment in which we have sustainable lowest cost to serve. we invest in technology and process improvements to increase productivity, manage inventory and reduce costs. we measure operating discipline through expense leverage, which we define as net sales growing at a faster rate than operating, selling, general and administrative expenses.
(amounts in millions, except unit counts)                                                                2019                        2018
percentage change from comparable period                                                           2.9      %                  3.0      %
percentage change from comparable period                                                           0.6      %                  4.6      %
for fiscal 2019, operating, selling, general and administrative ("operating") expenses as a percentage of net sales decreased 48 basis points, when compared to the same period in the previous fiscal year. the primary drivers of the expense leverage were strong sales performance in conjunction with productivity improvements and lapping fiscal 2018 charges discussed in the following paragraph. the improvements in fiscal 2019 were partially offset by additional investments in ecommerce and technology, as well as a $160 million charge related to a securities class action lawsuit.
for fiscal 2018, operating expenses as a percentage of net sales increased 32 basis points, when compared to the previous fiscal year. while our increase in net sales and improving expense management had a positive impact on our operating expenses as a percentage of net sales, we did not leverage expenses as a result of approximately $0.6 billion in charges related to sam's club closures and discontinued real estate projects, $400 million related to a lump sum bonus paid to associates, $300 million related to home office severance, the legal accrual of $283 million related to the fcpa matter, a charge of $244 million related to discontinued real estate projects in walmart u.s. and the decisions to exit certain international properties and wind down the first party brazil ecommerce operations.
strategic capital allocation we are allocating more capital to ecommerce, technology, supply chain, and store remodels and less to new store and club openings, when compared to prior years. this allocation aligns with our initiatives of improving our customer proposition in stores and clubs and a seamless omni-channel experience for our customers. total fiscal 2019 capital expenditures increased slightly compared to the prior year; the following table provides additional detail:
(amounts in millions)                                                            fiscal years ended january 31, allocation of capital expenditures                           2019                     2018
ecommerce, technology, supply chain and other                          5,218                       4,521
total capital expenditures                                           $10,344                     $10,051
returns as we execute our financial framework, we believe our return on capital will improve over time. we measure return on capital with our return on assets, return on investment and free cash flow metrics. we also provide returns in the form of share repurchases and dividends, which are discussed in the liquidity and capital resources section.
return on assets and return on investment we include return on assets ("roa"), the most directly comparable measure based on our financial statements presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the u.s. ("gaap"), and return on investment ("roi") as metrics to assess returns on assets. while roi is considered a non-gaap financial measure, management believes roi is a meaningful metric to share with investors because it helps investors assess how effectively walmart is deploying its assets. trends in roi can fluctuate over time as management balances long-term strategic initiatives with possible short-term impacts. roa was 3.4% and 5.2% for the fiscal years ended january 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. for fiscal 2019, the decline in roa was primarily due to the decrease in consolidated net income resulting from the $4.5 billion net loss related to the sale of the majority stake in walmart brazil and also the $2.8 billion net unrealized loss on our jd.com investment. for fiscal 2018, the decline in roa was primarily due to the loss on extinguishment of debt and the decrease in operating income. roi was 14.2% for fiscal 2019, which was flat compared to fiscal 2018.
we define roi as adjusted operating income (operating income plus interest income, depreciation and amortization, and rent expense) for the trailing 12 months divided by average invested capital during that period. we consider average invested capital to be the average of our beginning and ending total assets, plus average accumulated depreciation and average amortization, less average accounts payable and average accrued liabilities for that period, plus a rent factor equal to the rent for the fiscal year or trailing 12 months multiplied by a factor of 8.
our calculation of roi is considered a non-gaap financial measure because we calculate roi using financial measures that exclude and include amounts that are included and excluded in the most directly comparable gaap financial measure. for example, we exclude the impact of depreciation and amortization from our reported operating income in calculating the numerator of our calculation of roi. in addition, we include a factor of 8 for rent expense that estimates the hypothetical capitalization of our operating leases. as mentioned above, we consider roa to be the financial measure computed in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles most directly comparable to our calculation of roi. roi differs from roa (which is consolidated net income for the period divided by average total assets for the period) because roi: adjusts operating income to exclude certain expense items and adds interest income; adjusts total assets for the impact of accumulated depreciation and amortization, accounts payable and accrued liabilities; and incorporates a factor of rent to arrive at total invested capital. because of the adjustments mentioned above, we believe roi more accurately measures how we are deploying our key assets and is more meaningful to investors than roa.
although roi is a standard financial measure, numerous methods exist for calculating a company's roi. as a result, the method used by management to calculate our roi may differ from the methods used by other companies to calculate their roi. beginning in fiscal 2020, our calculation of roi will change upon adoption of asu 2016-02, leases, primarily to replace the factor of 8 for rent expense with us gaap operating lease assets.
the calculation of roa and roi, along with a reconciliation of roi to the calculation of roa, the most comparable gaap financial measure, is as follows:
calculation of return on assets numerator consolidated net income                                             $7,179                     $10,523
denominator average total assets(1)                                           $211,909                    $201,674
return on assets (roa)                                                 3.4      %                  5.2      %
calculation of return on investment numerator operating income                                                   $21,957                     $20,437
denominator average total assets(1)                                           $211,909                    $201,674
- average accrued liabilities(1)                                    22,141                      21,388
= average invested capital                                        $252,331                    $239,974
return on investment (roi)                                            14.2      %                 14.2      %
certain balance sheet data total assets                                       $219,295              $204,522              $198,825
accrued liabilities                                  22,159                22,122                20,654
(1) the average is based on the addition of the account balance at the end of the current period to the account balance at the end of the prior period and dividing by 2.
free cash flow free cash flow is considered a non-gaap financial measure.  management believes, however, that free cash flow, which measures our ability to generate additional cash from our business operations, is an important financial measure for use in evaluating the company's financial performance. free cash flow should be considered in addition to, rather than as a substitute for, consolidated net income as a measure of our performance and net cash provided by operating activities as a measure of our liquidity. see liquidity and capital resources for discussions of gaap metrics including net cash provided by operating activities, net cash used in investing activities and net cash used in financing activities.
we define free cash flow as net cash provided by operating activities in a period minus payments for property and equipment made in that period. we had net cash provided by operating activities of $27.8 billion, $28.3 billion and $31.7 billion for fiscal 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. we generated free cash flow of $17.4 billion, $18.3 billion and $21.1 billion for fiscal 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. net cash provided by operating activities for fiscal 2019 declined when compared to fiscal 2018 primarily due to timing of vendor payments, partially offset by lower tax payments mainly resulting from u.s. tax reform enacted on december 22, 2017 ("tax reform") and the timing of tax payments. free cash flow for fiscal 2019 declined when compared to fiscal 2018 due to the same reasons as the decline in net cash provided by operating activities, as well as $0.3 billion in increased capital expenditures. the decrease in net cash provided by operating activities and free cash flow in fiscal 2018 from fiscal 2017 were primarily due to the timing of tax and other payments, as well as lapping the previous year's improvements in working capital management and the benefit from the application of tax regulations adopted in fiscal 2017.
walmart's definition of free cash flow is limited in that it does not represent residual cash flows available for discretionary expenditures due to the fact that the measure does not deduct the payments required for debt service and other contractual obligations or payments made for business acquisitions. therefore, we believe it is important to view free cash flow as a measure that provides supplemental information to our consolidated statements of cash flows.
although other companies report their free cash flow, numerous methods may exist for calculating a company's free cash flow. as a result, the method used by management to calculate our free cash flow may differ from the methods used by other companies to calculate their free cash flow.
the following table sets forth a reconciliation of free cash flow, a non-gaap financial measure, to net cash provided by operating activities, which we believe to be the gaap financial measure most directly comparable to free cash flow, as well as information regarding net cash used in investing activities and net cash used in financing activities.
net cash provided by operating activities           $27,753               $28,337                 $31,673
payments for property and equipment                 (10,344    )          (10,051    )            (10,619    )
net cash used in investing activities(1)           $(24,036    )          $(9,079    )           $(13,896    )
net cash used in financing activities                (2,537    )          (19,875    )            (19,072    )
(1) "net cash used in investing activities" includes payments for property and equipment, which is also included in our computation of free cash flow.
(amounts in millions, except unit counts)                       2019                    2018                    2017
percentage change from comparable period                    2.8    %                3.0    %                0.8    %
percentage change from comparable period                    2.9    %                3.0    %                0.6    %
gross profit rate                                          24.5    %               24.7    %               24.9    %
unit counts at period end                                11,361                  11,718                  11,695
our total revenues, which are mostly comprised of net sales, but also include membership and other income, increased $14.1 billion or 2.8% and $14.5 billion or 3.0% for fiscal 2019 and 2018, respectively, when compared to the previous fiscal year. net sales increased $14.6 billion or 2.9% and $14.4 billion or 3.0% for fiscal 2019 and 2018, respectively, when compared to the previous fiscal year. for fiscal 2019, net sales were positively impacted by overall positive comparable sales for walmart u.s. and sam's club segments, along with positive comparable sales in the majority of our international markets and net sales from flipkart, which we acquired in the third quarter of fiscal 2019. additionally, for fiscal 2019, the increase in net sales was partially offset by a $4.5 billion decrease in net sales due to club closures in the sam's club segment during fiscal 2018, a $3.1 billion reduction in net sales due to the sale of the majority stake in walmart brazil in the international segment, and $0.7 billion of negative impact from fluctuations in currency exchange rates. for fiscal 2018, net sales were positively impacted by overall positive comparable sales, the impact from new store openings and sales generated from ecommerce acquisitions. the positive effect of such factors on our consolidated net sales for fiscal 2018 was partially offset by a reduction in net sales of $1.9 billion due to divesting our yihaodian and suburbia businesses and the $0.5 billion of negative impact from fluctuations in currency exchange rates.
our gross profit rate decreased 18 and 26 basis points for fiscal 2019 and 2018, respectively, when compared to the previous fiscal year. for fiscal 2019, the decrease was due to the mix effects from our growing ecommerce business, the consolidation of flipkart, our planned pricing strategy and increased transportation expenses. for fiscal 2018, the decrease was primarily due to our planned pricing strategy and the mix effects from our growing ecommerce business.
membership and other income decreased for fiscal 2019, when compared to the previous fiscal year, primarily due to the prior year recognition of a $387 million gain from the sale of suburbia in our international segment. membership and other income was relatively flat for fiscal 2018, when compared to the previous fiscal year. while fiscal 2018 included a $387 million gain from the sale of suburbia, along with a $47 million gain from a land sale, higher recycling income from our sustainability efforts and higher membership income from increased plus member penetration at sam's club, these gains were offset by gains recognized in fiscal 2017.
for fiscal 2019, operating expenses as a percentage of net sales decreased 48 basis points, when compared to the same period in the previous fiscal year. the primary drivers of the expense leverage were strong sales performance in conjunction with productivity improvements and lapping fiscal 2018 charges discussed in the following paragraph. the improvements in fiscal 2019 were partially offset by additional investments in ecommerce and technology, as well as a $160 million charge related to a securities class action lawsuit.
for fiscal 2018, operating expenses as a percentage of net sales increased 32 basis points, when compared to the previous fiscal year. while our increase in net sales and improving expense management had a positive impact on our operating expenses as a percentage of net sales, we did not leverage expenses as a result of approximately $0.6 billion in charges related to sam's club closures and discontinued real estate projects, $400 million related to a lump sum bonus paid to associates, $300 million related to home office severance, the legal accrual of $283 million related to the fcpa matter, a charge of $244 million related to discontinued real estate projects in walmart u.s. and the decisions to exit certain international properties and wind down the first party brazil ecommerce operations.
other losses were $8.4 billion for fiscal 2019, primarily the result of the $4.8 billion pre-tax loss on the sale of the majority stake in walmart brazil and a $3.5 billion pre-tax decrease in the market value of our investment in jd.com. fiscal 2018 results included loss on extinguishment of debt of $3.1 billion.
our effective income tax rate was 37.4% for fiscal 2019, 30.4% for fiscal 2018, and 30.3% for fiscal 2017. although the u.s. statutory rate was lowered due to the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 (the "tax act"), our effective income tax rate increased in fiscal 2019 primarily because we recognized minimal tax benefit related to the sale of the majority stake in walmart brazil and flipkart's results. additionally, our effective income tax rate may also fluctuate as a result of factors including changes in our assessment of certain tax contingencies, valuation allowances, changes in tax law, outcomes of administrative audits, the impact of discrete items and the mix and size of earnings among our u.s. operations and international operations, which are subject to statutory rates that, beginning in fiscal 2019, are generally higher than the u.s. statutory rate. the reconciliation from the u.s. statutory rate to the effective income tax rates for fiscal 2019, 2018 and 2017 is presented in note 9 in the "notes to consolidated financial statements."
as a result of the factors discussed above, we reported $7.2 billion and $10.5 billion of consolidated net income for fiscal 2019 and 2018, respectively, which represents a decrease of $3.3 billion and $3.8 billion for fiscal 2019 and 2018, respectively, when compared to the previous fiscal year. diluted net income per common share attributable to walmart ("eps") was $2.26, $3.28 and $4.38 for fiscal 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
(amounts in millions, except unit counts)                       2019                    2018                    2017
percentage change from comparable period                    4.1    %                3.5    %                3.2    %
unit counts at period end                                 4,769                   4,761                   4,672
net sales for the walmart u.s. segment increased $13.2 billion or 4.1% and $10.6 billion or 3.5% for fiscal 2019 and 2018, respectively, when compared to the previous fiscal year. the increases in net sales were primarily due to increases in comparable store sales of 3.7% and 2.1% for fiscal 2019 and 2018, respectively, driven by ticket and traffic growth. walmart u.s. ecommerce sales positively contributed approximately 1.3% and 0.7% to comparable sales for fiscal 2019 and 2018. additionally, for fiscal 2018, year-over-year growth in retail square feet further contributed to the year-over-year increase.
gross profit rate decreased 28 and 24 basis points for fiscal 2019 and 2018, respectively, when compared to the previous fiscal year. for fiscal 2019, the decrease was primarily due to our planned pricing strategy, increased transportation expenses, and the mix effects from our growing ecommerce business. for fiscal 2018, the decrease was primarily due to our planned pricing strategy and the mix effects from our growing ecommerce business. partially offsetting the negative factors for fiscal 2018 was the positive impact of savings from procuring merchandise.
operating expenses as a percentage of segment net sales decreased 23 basis points for fiscal 2019 and was relatively flat for fiscal 2018, when compared to the previous fiscal year. the decrease in fiscal 2019 was primarily due to strong sales performance in conjunction with productivity improvements and the prior year comparable period including charges related to discontinued real estate projects of $244 million. these improvements more than offset investments in ecommerce, technology and omni-channel initiatives and raising the starting wage rate at the beginning of fiscal 2019.
as a result of the factors discussed above, segment operating income increased $391 million for fiscal 2019 and was relatively flat for fiscal 2018, respectively, when compared to the same periods in the previous fiscal year.
(amounts in millions, except unit counts)                       2019                    2018                    2017
percentage change from comparable period                    2.3    %                1.7    %               (5.9   )%
unit counts at period end                                 5,993                   6,360                   6,363
net sales for the walmart international segment increased $2.8 billion or 2.3% and $1.9 billion or 1.7% for fiscal 2019 and 2018, respectively, when compared to the previous fiscal year. for fiscal 2019, the increase was primarily due to positive comparable sales in the majority of our markets and net sales from flipkart, which we acquired in the third quarter of fiscal 2019. these increases were partially offset by a $3.1 billion reduction in net sales due to our sale of the majority stake in walmart brazil, a $0.7 billion negative impact from fluctuations in currency exchange rates, the continued wind down of our first party brazil ecommerce operations and a reduction in net sales of $140 million due to divesting our suburbia business in the second quarter of fiscal 2018. for fiscal 2018, the increase in net sales was due to positive comparable sales in the majority of our markets and the impact of new stores, partially offset by a reduction in net sales of $1.9 billion due to divesting our yihaodian and suburbia businesses and a $0.5 billion negative impact from fluctuations in currency exchange rates.
gross profit rate decreased 41 and 28 basis points for fiscal 2019 and 2018, respectively, when compared to the previous fiscal year. for fiscal 2019, the decrease was due to flipkart and strategic price investments in certain markets. for fiscal 2018, the decrease in the gross profit rate was primarily due to strategic price investments in certain markets.
membership and other income decreased 22.4% and 14.0% for fiscal 2019 and 2018, respectively, when compared to the previous fiscal year. the decrease in fiscal 2019 was due to the prior year recognition of a $387 million gain from the sale of suburbia. while fiscal 2018 included the $387 million gain from the sale of suburbia and a $47 million gain from a land sale, these gains were less than gains recognized in fiscal 2017, which included a $535 million gain from the sale of our yihaodian business and a $194 million gain from the sale of shopping malls in chile.
operating expenses as a percentage of segment net sales decreased 37 basis points for fiscal 2019 and was flat for 2018, when compared to the previous fiscal year. the decrease in operating expenses as a percentage of segment net sales for fiscal 2019 was primarily due to impairment charges in the previous fiscal year of approximately $0.5 billion, which included charges from decisions to exit certain properties and wind down the first party brazil ecommerce operations; this decrease in operating expenses was partially offset by the addition of operating expenses from flipkart in fiscal 2019. while fiscal 2018 was benefited by an increase in net sales, this benefit was offset by restructuring and impairment charges in certain markets of approximately $0.5 billion, including charges from decisions to exit certain properties and wind down the first party brazil ecommerce operations.
as a result of the factors discussed above, segment operating income decreased $346 million and $508 million for fiscal 2019 and 2018, respectively.
(amounts in millions, except unit counts)                     2019                  2018                  2017
percentage change from comparable period                 (2.3   )%              3.2    %              0.9    %
unit counts at period end                                 599                   597                   660
percentage change from comparable period                 (3.9   )%              2.2    %              1.8    %
(1) we believe the "excluding fuel" information is useful to investors because it permits investors to understand the effect of the sam's club segment's fuel sales on its results of operations, which are impacted by the volatility of fuel prices. volatility in fuel prices may continue to impact the operating results of the sam's club segment in the future.
net sales for the sam's club segment decreased $1.4 billion or 2.3% for fiscal 2019 and increased $1.9 billion or 3.2% for fiscal 2018, when compared to the previous fiscal year. for fiscal 2019, the decrease was primarily due to a $4.5 billion decrease in net sales resulting from the net closure of 63 clubs during fiscal 2018, as well as reduced tobacco sales due to our decision to remove tobacco from certain locations. these decreases were partially offset by increases in comparable sales, which were benefited by transfers of sales from our closed clubs to our existing clubs. sam's club ecommerce sales positively contributed approximately 0.9% to comparable sales for fiscal 2019. additional fuel sales of $0.7 billion partially offset the decreases in net sales for fiscal 2019. for fiscal 2018, the increase in net sales was primarily due to an increase in comparable sales which were benefited by an increase of $0.7 billion in fuel sales from higher fuel prices. sam's club ecommerce sales positively contributed approximately 0.7% to comparable sales for fiscal 2018.
gross profit rate was relatively flat for fiscal 2019 and decreased 44 basis points for fiscal 2018, when compared to the previous fiscal year. for fiscal 2019, gross profit rate was benefited by lapping the impact of markdowns to liquidate inventory related to club closures in fiscal 2018 and decreased tobacco sales in fiscal 2019, which have lower margins. this benefit to the gross profit rate was offset by higher transportation costs and ecommerce shipping costs, investments in price and increased shrink in fiscal 2019. for fiscal 2018, the decrease in gross profit rate was primarily due to the impact of markdowns to liquidate inventory related to club closures, a reclassification of certain supply expenses from operating expenses to cost of goods sold, increased shrink, increased ecommerce shipping costs and the investment in cash rewards.
membership and other income increased 2.6% and 2.3% for fiscal 2019 and 2018, respectively, when compared to the previous fiscal year. for fiscal 2019, the increase was due to an increase of 1.5% in membership income resulting from increased plus member penetration and gains on property sales. these increases were partially offset by lower recycling income when compared to the previous fiscal year. for fiscal 2018, the increase in membership and other income was primarily due to higher recycling income from our sustainability efforts and an increase of 1.3% in membership income resulting from increased plus member penetration.
operating expenses as a percentage of segment net sales decreased 99 basis points for fiscal 2019 and increased 83 basis points for fiscal 2018, when compared to the previous fiscal year. for fiscal 2019, the decrease in operating expenses as a percentage of segment net sales was primarily due to a charge of approximately $0.6 billion in the prior year's comparable period related to club closures and discontinued real estate projects. this charge resulted in the increase in operating expenses as a percentage of segment net sales in fiscal 2018.
as a result of the factors discussed above, segment operating income increased $605 million for fiscal 2019 and decreased $713 million for fiscal 2018, when compared to the previous fiscal year.
liquidity and capital resources liquidity the strength and stability of our operations have historically supplied us with a significant source of liquidity. our cash flows provided by operating activities, supplemented with our long-term debt and short-term borrowings, have been sufficient to fund our operations while allowing us to invest in activities that support the long-term growth of our operations. generally, some or all of the remaining available cash flow has been used to fund dividends on our common stock and share repurchases. we believe our sources of liquidity will continue to be adequate to fund operations, finance our global investment and expansion activities, pay dividends and fund our share repurchases for the foreseeable future.
net cash provided by operating activities fiscal years ended january 31,
net cash provided by operating activities         $27,753               $28,337               $31,673
net cash provided by operating activities was $27.8 billion, $28.3 billion and $31.7 billion for fiscal 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. net cash provided by operating activities for fiscal 2019 declined when compared to the previous fiscal year primarily due to timing of vendor payments, partially offset by lower tax payments mainly resulting from tax reform and the timing of tax payments. the decrease in net cash provided by operating activities for fiscal 2018, when compared to the previous fiscal year, was due to the timing of tax and other payments, as well as lapping the previous year's improvements in working capital management and the benefit from the application of tax regulations adopted in fiscal 2017.
cash equivalents and working capital cash and cash equivalents were $7.7 billion and $6.8 billion as of january 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. our working capital deficit was $15.6 billion and $18.9 billion as of january 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. we generally operate with a working capital deficit due to our efficient use of cash in funding operations, consistent access to the capital markets and returns provided to our shareholders in the form of payments of cash dividends and share repurchases. the decreased working capital deficit as of january 31, 2019 compared to 2018 was primarily due to higher current assets as a result of the consolidation of flipkart.
historically, we have used intercompany financing arrangements to make cash available in the country in which it is needed with the minimum cost possible. during fiscal 2019, we repatriated to the u.s. $5.3 billion of cash at a tax cost of approximately $40 million.
as of january 31, 2019 and 2018, cash and cash equivalents of $2.8 billion and $1.4 billion, respectively, may not be freely transferable to the u.s. due to local laws or other restrictions. of the $2.8 billion as of january 31, 2019, approximately $1.2 billion can only be accessed through dividends or intercompany financing arrangements subject to approval of the flipkart minority shareholders; however, this cash is expected to be utilized to fund the operations of flipkart.
net cash used in investing activities fiscal years ended january 31,
net cash used in investing activities       $(24,036      )         $(9,079     )         $(13,896      )
net cash used in investing activities was $24.0 billion, $9.1 billion and $13.9 billion for fiscal 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively, and generally consisted of payments for business acquisitions and to expand our ecommerce capabilities, invest in other technologies, remodel existing stores and club and add new stores and clubs. net cash used in investing activities increased $15.0 billion for fiscal 2019 when compared to the previous fiscal year. this increase was primarily due to the $13.8 billion payment for flipkart , net of cash acquired, as well as payments for other, smaller acquisitions. net cash used in investing activities decreased $4.8 billion for fiscal 2018 when compared to the previous fiscal year. fiscal 2018 included cash received of $1.0 billion from the sale of suburbia in mexico, while fiscal 2017 included our acquisition of jet.com, inc. ("jet.com") for $2.4 billion and our purchase of $1.9 billion of shares in jd.com ("jd"). refer to note 13 to our consolidated financial statements for further details on our acquisition of jet.com and investment in jd. additionally, refer to the "strategic capital allocation" section in our company performance metrics for capital expenditure detail for fiscal 2019 and 2018.
growth activities for the fiscal year ending january 31, 2020 ("fiscal 2020"), we project capital expenditures will be approximately $11.0 billion. in fiscal 2020, we expect to add approximately 300 new stores in walmart international, primarily in mexico, central america and china, and add less than 10 stores in walmart u.s.
net cash used in financing activities fiscal years ended january 31,
net cash used in financing activities       $(2,537     )         $(19,875      )         $(19,072      )
net cash used in financing activities generally consists of transactions related to our short-term and long-term debt, financing obligations, dividends paid and the repurchase of company stock. transactions with noncontrolling interest shareholders are also classified as cash flows from financing activities. fiscal 2019 net cash used in financing activities decreased $17.3 billion when compared to the same period in the previous fiscal year. the decrease was primarily due to the $15.9 billion of net proceeds received from the issuance of long-term debt to fund a portion of the purchase price for flipkart and for general corporate purposes, as well as a decrease in share repurchases due to the suspension of repurchases in anticipation of the flipkart announcement. fiscal 2018 net cash used in financing activities increased $0.8 billion for fiscal 2018 when compared to the same period in the previous fiscal year. the increase was primarily due to premiums paid for early extinguishment of debt. further discussion of financing activities is provided by major categories below.
short-term borrowings net cash flows provided by short-term borrowings were relatively flat in fiscal 2019 and increased $4.1 billion in fiscal 2018, when compared to the balance at the end of the previous fiscal year. we generally utilize the liquidity provided by short-term borrowings to provide funding for our operations, dividend payments, share repurchases, capital expenditures and other cash requirements. for fiscal 2018, the additional cash provided by short-term borrowings was primarily due to the timing of our january 2018 debt extinguishment.
the following table includes additional information related to the company's short-term borrowings for fiscal 2019, 2018 and 2017:
in addition to our short-term borrowings, we have $15.0 billion of various undrawn committed lines of credit in the u.s. and approximately $2.8 billion of various undrawn committed lines of credit outside of the u.s., as of january 31, 2019, that provide additional liquidity, if needed.
long-term debt the following table provides the changes in our long-term debt for fiscal 2019:
(amounts in millions)                              long-term debt due within one year       long-term debt           total balances as of february 1, 2018                                  $3,738                     $30,045            $33,783
our total long-term debt increased $11.6 billion for fiscal 2019, primarily due to the net proceeds from issuance of long-term debt to fund a portion of the purchase price for flipkart and for general corporate purposes.
dividends our total dividend payments were $6.1 billion, $6.1 billion and $6.2 billion for fiscal 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. the board of directors approved, effective february 19, 2019, the fiscal 2020 annual dividend of $2.12 per share, an increase over the fiscal 2019 annual dividend of $2.08 per share. for fiscal 2020, the annual dividend will be paid in four quarterly installments of $0.53 per share, according to the following record and payable dates:
company share repurchase program from time to time, the company repurchases shares of its common stock under share repurchase programs authorized by the company's board of directors. all repurchases made during fiscal 2019 were made under the current $20 billion share repurchase program approved in october 2017, which has no expiration date or other restrictions limiting the period over which the company can make share repurchases. as of january 31, 2019, authorization for $11.3 billion of share repurchases remained under the share repurchase program. any repurchased shares are constructively retired and returned to an unissued status.
we regularly review share repurchase activity and consider several factors in determining when to execute share repurchases, including, among other things, current cash needs, capacity for leverage, cost of borrowings, our results of operations and the market price of our common stock. we anticipate that a majority of the ongoing share repurchase program will be funded through the company's free cash flow. the following table provides, on a settlement date basis, the number of shares repurchased, average price paid per share and total amount paid for share repurchases for fiscal 2019, 2018 and 2017:
(amounts in millions, except per share data)                 2019                  2018                  2017
total amount paid for share repurchases               $7,410                $8,296                $8,298
share repurchases decreased for fiscal 2019 and were relatively flat for fiscal 2018, respectively, when compared to the previous fiscal year. the decrease in fiscal 2019 was due to the suspension of repurchases in anticipation of the announcement of the flipkart acquisition. repurchases of company stock returned to a more normalized level in the latter half of fiscal 2019.
capital resources we believe cash flows from operations, our current cash position and access to capital markets will continue to be sufficient to meet our anticipated operating cash needs, which include funding seasonal buildups in merchandise inventories and funding our capital expenditures, acquisitions, dividend payments and share repurchases.
we have strong commercial paper and long-term debt ratings that have enabled and should continue to enable us to refinance our debt as it becomes due at favorable rates in capital markets. as of january 31, 2019, the ratings assigned to our commercial paper and rated series of our outstanding long-term debt were as follows:
rating agency               commercial paper   long-term debt standard &amp; poor's       a-1+               aa moody's investors service   p-1                aa2
fitch ratings               f1+                aa credit rating agencies review their ratings periodically and, therefore, the credit ratings assigned to us by each agency may be subject to revision at any time. accordingly, we are not able to predict whether our current credit ratings will remain consistent over time. factors that could affect our credit ratings include changes in our operating performance, the general economic environment, conditions in the retail industry, our financial position, including our total debt and capitalization, and changes in our business strategy. any downgrade of our credit ratings by a credit rating agency could increase our future borrowing costs or impair our ability to access capital and credit markets on terms commercially acceptable to us. in addition, any downgrade of our current short-term credit ratings could impair our ability to access the commercial paper markets with the same flexibility that we have experienced historically, potentially requiring us to rely more heavily on more expensive types of debt financing. the credit rating agency ratings are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold our commercial paper or debt securities. each rating may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organization and should be evaluated independently of any other rating. moreover, each credit rating is specific to the security to which it applies.
contractual obligations the following table sets forth certain information concerning our obligations to make contractual future payments, such as debt and lease agreements, and certain contingent commitments as of january 31, 2019:
capital lease and financing obligations(2)         9,896                 917                   1,650                   1,260                   6,069
syndicated and other letters of credit             2,180               2,180                       -                       -                       -
(1)   "long-term debt" includes the fair value of our derivatives designated as fair value hedges.
(2)   "capital lease and financing obligations" represents undiscounted aggregate minimum annual rentals, which are recorded on the balance sheet at present value. refer to note 11 to our consolidated financial statements for more information.
(3)   represents minimum contractual obligation for non-cancelable leases with initial or remaining terms greater than 12 months as of january 31, 2019.
under the terms of the sale of the majority stake of walmart brazil, we agreed to indemnify advent for certain pre-closing tax and legal contingencies and other matters for up to r$2.3 billion, adjusted for interest based on the brazilian interbank deposit rate. as of january 31, 2019, the indemnification liability recorded was $0.8 billion and included in deferred income taxes and other in the company's consolidated balance sheet.
additionally, we have $15.0 billion of various undrawn committed lines of credit in the u.s. and approximately $2.8 billion of various undrawn committed lines of credit outside of the u.s. which, if drawn upon, would be included in the current liabilities section of the company's consolidated balance sheets.
estimated interest payments are based on our principal amounts and expected maturities of all debt outstanding as of january 31, 2019, and assumes interest rates remain at current levels for our variable rate debt.
purchase obligations include legally binding contracts, such as firm commitments for inventory and utility purchases, as well as commitments to make capital expenditures, software acquisition and license commitments and legally binding service contracts. for the purposes of the above table, contractual obligations for the purchase of goods or services are defined as agreements that are enforceable and legally binding and that specify all significant terms, including: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction. contracts that specify the company will purchase all or a portion of its requirements of a specific product or service from a supplier, but do not include a fixed or minimum quantity, are excluded from the table above. accordingly, purchase orders for inventory are not included in the table above as purchase orders represent authorizations to purchase rather than binding agreements. our purchase orders are based on our current inventory needs and are fulfilled by our suppliers within short time periods. we also enter into contracts for outsourced services; however, the obligations under these contracts are not significant and the contracts generally contain clauses allowing for cancellation without significant penalty.
the expected timing for payment discussed above is estimated based on current information. timing of payments and actual amounts paid may be different depending on the timing of receipt of goods or services or changes to agreed-upon amounts for some obligations.
in addition to the amounts shown in the table above, $1.3 billion of unrecognized tax benefits are considered uncertain tax positions and have been recorded as liabilities. the timing of the payment, if any, associated with these liabilities is uncertain. refer to note 9 to our consolidated financial statements for additional discussion of unrecognized tax benefits.
off balance sheet arrangements as of january 31, 2019, we had no off-balance sheet arrangements that have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future material effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources.
other matters we discuss our existing fcpa investigation and related matters and possible effects of those matters on walmart's business, including certain risks arising therefrom, in part i, item 1a of this form 10-k under the caption "risk factors" and under the sub-caption "legal proceedings" in note 10 to our consolidated financial statements, which is captioned "contingencies," and appears elsewhere herein. we discuss the "asda equal value claims" which includes certain existing employment claims against our united kingdom subsidiary, asda stores, ltd., including certain risks arising therefrom, in part i, item 1a of this form 10-k under the caption "risk factors" and under the sub-caption "legal proceedings" in note 10 to our consolidated financial statements, which is captioned "contingencies," and appears elsewhere herein. we also discuss the national prescription opiate litigation and related matters including certain risks arising therefrom, in part i, item 1a of this form 10-k under the caption "risk factors" and under the sub-caption "legal proceedings" in note 10 to our consolidated financial statements, which is captioned "contingencies," and appears elsewhere herein. we also discuss various legal proceedings related to the fcpa investigation, asda equal value claims, and national prescription opiate litigation in part i, item 3 herein under the caption "legal proceedings." the foregoing matters and other matters described elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k represent contingent liabilities of the company that may or may not result in the company incurring a material liability upon their final resolution.
summary of critical accounting estimates management strives to report our financial results in a clear and understandable manner, although in some cases accounting and disclosure rules are complex and require us to use technical terminology. in preparing the company's consolidated financial statements, we follow accounting principles generally accepted in the u.s. these principles require us to make certain estimates and apply judgments that affect our financial position and results of operations as reflected in our financial statements. these judgments and estimates are based on past events and expectations of future outcomes. actual results may differ from our estimates.
management continually reviews our accounting policies, how they are applied and how they are reported and disclosed in our financial statements. following is a summary of our critical accounting estimates and how they are applied in preparation of the financial statements.
inventories we value inventories at the lower of cost or market as determined primarily by the retail inventory method of accounting, using the last-in, first-out ("lifo") method for walmart u.s. segment's inventories. the inventory at the sam's club segment is valued using the weighted-average cost lifo method. when necessary, we record a lifo provision for the estimated annual effect of inflation, and these estimates are adjusted to actual results determined at year-end. our lifo provision is calculated based on inventory levels, markup rates and internally generated retail price indices. as a measure of sensitivity, a 1% increase to our retail price indices would not have resulted in a decrease to the carrying value of inventory. as of january 31, 2019 and 2018, our inventories valued at lifo approximated those inventories as if they were valued at fifo.
impairment of assets we evaluate long-lived assets for indicators of impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. management's judgments regarding the existence of impairment indicators are based on market conditions and financial performance. the evaluation of long-lived assets is performed at the lowest level of identifiable cash flows, which is generally at the individual store level. the variability of these factors depends on a number of conditions, including uncertainty about future events and changes in demographics. thus, our accounting estimates may change from period to period. these factors could cause management to conclude that indicators of impairment exist and require impairment tests be performed, which could result in management determining the value of long-lived assets is impaired, resulting in a write-down of the related long-lived assets. while fiscal 2019 included a pre-tax loss of $4.8 billion related to the sale of the majority stake in walmart brazil, which included full impairment of all related-assets, there were no other material impairment charges for fiscal 2019. as a measure of sensitivity, fiscal 2019 impairment would not change materially with a 10% decrease in the undiscounted cash flows for the stores or clubs with indicators of impairment. for fiscal 2018, although impairment charges were $1.4 billion, these charges primarily related to restructuring activities described in note 14, as well as discontinued real estate projects in the u.s. and decisions to exit certain international properties. impairment charges not related to restructuring activities or decisions to exit properties for fiscal 2019 and 2018 were not material.
business combinations, goodwill, and acquired intangible assets we account for business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting, which requires that once control is obtained, all the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, including amounts attributable to noncontrolling interests, be recorded at their respective fair values at the date of acquisition. the determination of fair values of identifiable assets and liabilities requires estimates and the use of valuation techniques when market value is not readily available. for intangible assets acquired in a business combination, we typically use the income method. significant estimates in valuing certain intangible assets include, but are not limited to, the amount and timing of future cash flows, growth rates, discount rates and useful lives. the excess of the purchase price over fair values of identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill.
goodwill is assigned to the reporting unit which consolidates the acquisition. components within the same reportable segment are aggregated and deemed a single reporting unit if the components have similar economic characteristics. as of january 31, 2019, our reporting units consisted of walmart u.s., walmart international and sam's club. goodwill and other indefinite-lived acquired intangible assets are not amortized, but are evaluated for impairment annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the value of a certain asset may be impaired. generally, this evaluation begins with a qualitative assessment to determine whether a quantitative impairment test is necessary. if we determine, after performing an assessment based on the qualitative factors, that the fair value of the reporting unit is more likely than not less than the carrying amount, or that a fair value of the reporting unit substantially in excess of the carrying amount cannot be assured, then a quantitative impairment test would be performed. the quantitative test for impairment requires management to make judgments relating to future cash flows, growth rates and economic and market conditions. these evaluations are based on determining the fair value of a reporting unit or asset using a valuation method such as discounted cash flow or a relative, market-based approach. historically, our reporting units and other indefinite-lived acquired intangible assets have generated sufficient returns to recover the cost of goodwill and other indefinite-lived acquired intangible assets. because of the nature of the factors used in these tests, if different conditions occur in future periods, future operating results could be materially impacted. for approximately $300 million of certain acquired indefinite-lived intangible assets, the fair value approximated the carrying value; any deterioration in the fair value may result in an impairment charge.
income taxes income taxes have a significant effect on our net earnings. we are subject to income taxes in the u.s. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. accordingly, the determination of our provision for income taxes requires significant judgment, the use of estimates and the interpretation and application of complex tax laws. our effective income tax rate is affected by many factors, including changes in our assessment of certain tax contingencies, increases and decreases in valuation allowances, changes in tax law, outcomes of administrative audits, the impact of discrete items and the mix of earnings among our u.s. and international operations where the statutory rates are generally lower than the u.s. statutory rate, and may fluctuate as a result.
our tax returns are routinely audited and settlements of issues raised in these audits sometimes affect our tax provisions. the benefits of uncertain tax positions are recorded in our financial statements only after determining a more likely than not probability that the uncertain tax positions will withstand challenge, if any, from taxing authorities. when facts and circumstances change, we reassess these probabilities and record any changes in the financial statements as appropriate. we account for uncertain tax positions by determining the minimum recognition threshold that a tax position is required to meet before being recognized in the financial statements. this determination requires the use of significant judgment in evaluating our tax positions and assessing the timing and amounts of deductible and taxable items.
deferred tax assets represent amounts available to reduce income taxes payable on taxable income in future years. such assets arise because of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities, as well as from net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. deferred tax assets are evaluated for future realization and reduced by a valuation allowance to the extent that a portion is not more likely than not to be realized. many factors are considered when assessing whether it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will be realized, including recent cumulative earnings, expectations of future taxable income, carryforward periods and other relevant quantitative and qualitative factors. the recoverability of the deferred tax assets is evaluated by assessing the adequacy of future expected taxable income from all sources, including reversal of taxable temporary differences, forecasted operating earnings and available tax planning strategies. this evaluation relies heavily on estimates.
on december 22, 2017, the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 (the "tax act") was enacted and contains significant changes to u.s. income tax law. effective beginning january 2018, the tax act reduced the u.s. statutory tax rate from 35% to 21% and created new taxes on foreign-sourced earnings and related-party payments. as discussed in note 9 to our consolidated financial statements, we completed our accounting for the tax effects of the tax act in fiscal 2019. as further guidance is issued by the u.s. treasury department, the irs, and other standard-setting bodies, any resulting changes to our estimates will be treated in accordance with the relevant accounting guidance.