we expect to continue pursuing strategic and targeted acquisitions and joint ventures intended to enhance or add to our offerings of services and solutions, or to enable us to expand in certain geographic and other markets. depending on the opportunities available, we may increase the amount of investment in such acquisitions or joint ventures. we may not successfully identify suitable acquisition candidates or joint venture opportunities. we also might not succeed in completing targeted transactions or achieve desired results of operations. furthermore, we face risks in successfully integrating any businesses we might acquire or create through a joint venture. ongoing business may be disrupted, and our management's attention may be diverted by acquisition, transition or integration activities. in addition, we might need to dedicate additional management and other resources, and our organizational structure could make it difficult for us to efficiently integrate acquired businesses into our ongoing operations and assimilate and retain employees of those businesses into our culture and operations. business combination and investment transactions may result in significant costs and expenses and charges to earnings, including those related to severance pay, early retirement costs, employee benefit costs, goodwill and asset impairment charges, assumed litigation and other liabilities, and legal, if we are unable to manage the organizational challenges associated with our size, we might be unable to achieve our business objectives.
as of august 31, 2014, we had more than 305,000 employees worldwide. our size and scale present significant management and organizational challenges. it might become increasingly difficult to maintain effective standards across a large enterprise and effectively institutionalize our knowledge. it might also become more difficult to maintain our culture, effectively manage and monitor our personnel and operations and effectively communicate our core values, policies and procedures, strategies and goals, particularly given our world-wide operations. the size and scope of our operations increase the possibility that we will have employees who engage in unlawful or fraudulent activity, or otherwise expose us to unacceptable business risks, despite our efforts to train them and maintain internal controls to prevent such instances. for example, employee misconduct could involve the improper use of our clients' sensitive or confidential information or the failure to comply with legislation or regulations regarding the protection of sensitive or confidential information. furthermore, the inappropriate use of social networking sites by our employees could result in breaches of confidentiality, unauthorized disclosure of non-public company information or damage to our reputation. if we do not continue to develop and implement the right processes and tools to manage our enterprise and instill our culture and core values into all of our employees, our ability to compete successfully and achieve our business objectives could be impaired. in addition, from time to time, we have made, and may continue to make, changes to our operating model, net income attributable to noncontrolling interests net income attributable to noncontrolling interests eliminates the income earned or expense incurred attributable to the equity interest that some of our current and former members of accenture leadership and their permitted transferees have in our accenture sca and accenture canada holdings inc. subsidiaries. see "business-organizational structure." the resulting net income attributable to accenture plc represents the income attributable to the shareholders of accenture plc. since january 2002, noncontrolling interests has also included immaterial amounts primarily attributable to noncontrolling shareholders in our avanade inc. subsidiary.
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests net income attributable to noncontrolling interests eliminates the income earned or expense incurred attributable to the equity interest that some of our current and former members of accenture leadership and their permitted transferees have in our accenture sca and accenture canada holdings inc. subsidiaries. see "business-organizational structure." the resulting net income attributable to accenture plc represents the income attributable to the shareholders of accenture plc. since january 2002, noncontrolling interests has also included immaterial amounts primarily attributable to noncontrolling shareholders in our avanade inc. subsidiary.