item 1a.  risk factors you should carefully consider each of the risks described below, together with all of the other information contained in this annual report on form 10-k, before making an investment decision with respect to our securities. if any of the following risks develop into actual events, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected and you may lose all or part of your investment.
we operate in a competitive business environment and may not be able to compete effectively.
the markets for our services are highly competitive from new and existing competitors. our competitors vary in size and in the scope and breadth of the services they offer. many of our larger existing and potential clients have historically developed their key applications in-house. as a result, we often compete against our existing or potential clients' in-house capabilities. we also expect that the markets in which we compete will continue to attract new well-funded competitors and new technologies, including technology companies not historically in the financial services industry, start-ups and international providers of similar products and services to ours. we cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to compete successfully against current or future competitors or that competitive pressures faced by us in the markets in which we operate will not materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
if we fail to adapt our products and services to changes in technology or in the marketplace, or if our ongoing efforts to upgrade our technology are not successful, we could lose clients or have trouble attracting new clients.
the markets for our products and services are characterized by constant technological changes, frequent introductions of new products and services and evolving industry standards. our ability to enhance our current products and services and to develop and introduce innovative products and services that address the increasingly sophisticated needs of our clients and their customers will significantly affect our future success. we may not be successful in developing, marketing or selling new products and services that meet these changing demands. in addition, we may experience difficulties that could delay or prevent the successful development, introduction or marketing of these services, or our new services and enhancements may not adequately meet the demands of the marketplace or achieve market acceptance. if we are unsuccessful in offering products or services that gain market acceptance, it would likely have a material adverse effect on our ability to retain existing clients or attract new ones.
our business may be adversely impacted by u.s. and global market and economic conditions.
for the foreseeable future, we expect to continue to derive most of our revenue from products and services we provide to the financial services industry. given this concentration, we are exposed to the global economic conditions in the financial services industry. a prolonged poor economic environment could result in significant decreases in demand by current and potential clients for our products and services and in the number and dollar amount of transactions we process, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
the market for our electronic transaction services continues to evolve and may not continue to develop or grow rapidly enough to sustain profitability.
if the number of electronic transactions does not continue to grow, or if consumers or businesses do not continue to adopt our services, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. we believe future growth in the electronic transactions market will be driven by a combination of factors including speed, cost, ease-of-use, security and quality of products and services offered to consumers and businesses. in order to consistently increase and maintain our profitability, consumers and businesses must continue to adopt our services. the success of our electronic commerce businesses also relies in part on financial institutions, billers and other third parties to market our services to their customers. if any of these third parties abandons, curtails or insufficiently increases its marketing efforts, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
if we are unable to renew client contracts at favorable terms, we could lose clients and our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected.
failure to achieve favorable renewals of client contracts could negatively impact our business. our contracts with clients generally run for a period of three to five years. at the end of the contract term, clients have the opportunity to renegotiate their contracts with us or to consider whether to engage one or more of our competitors to provide products and services. if we are not successful in achieving high renewal rates and favorable contract terms, our results of operations and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected.
consolidations in the banking and financial services industry could adversely affect our revenue by eliminating existing or potential clients and making us more dependent on fewer clients.
failures, mergers and consolidations of financial institutions reduce the number of our clients and potential clients, which could adversely affect our revenue. further, if our clients fail or merge with or are acquired by other entities that are not our clients, or that use fewer of our services, they may discontinue or reduce their use of our services. it is also possible that the larger financial institutions that result from mergers or consolidations could have greater leverage in negotiating terms with us or could decide to perform in-house some or all of the services which we currently provide or could provide. any of these developments could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
security breaches, computer malware or other "cyber attacks" could harm our business by disrupting our delivery of services and damaging our reputation.
our operations routinely involve receiving, storing, processing and transmitting sensitive information pertaining to our business, our associates, our clients and their customers. any unauthorized intrusion, malicious software infiltration, network disruption, denial of service or similar act by a malevolent party could disrupt the integrity, continuity, security and trust of our systems or the systems of our clients or vendors. these events could create financial liability, regulatory sanction or a loss of confidence in our ability to serve clients or cause current or potential clients to choose another service provider. in addition, as these threats continue to evolve, we may be required to invest significant additional resources to modify and enhance our information security and controls or to investigate and remediate any security vulnerabilities. although we believe that we maintain a robust program of information security and controls and none of the threats that we have encountered to date have materially impacted us, the impact of a material event could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
operational failures could harm our business and reputation.
an operational failure in our transaction processing businesses, including our business continuity and disaster recovery capabilities, could harm our business or cause us to lose clients. an operational failure could be caused by the failure of third party networks and systems upon which we rely to deliver our services and over which we have limited or no control. interruptions of service could damage our relationship with clients and could cause us to incur substantial expenses, including those related to the payment of service credits or other liabilities. a prolonged interruption of our services or network could cause us to experience data loss or a reduction in revenue. in addition, a significant interruption of service could have a negative impact on our reputation and could cause our current and potential clients to choose another service provider. any of these developments could materially and adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition.
we may experience software defects, development delays or installation difficulties, which would harm our business and reputation and expose us to potential liability.
our services are based on sophisticated software and computing systems, and we may encounter delays when developing new applications and services. further, the software underlying our services has occasionally contained and may in the future contain undetected errors or defects when first introduced or when new versions are released. in addition, we may experience difficulties in installing or integrating our technology on systems used by our clients. defects in our software, errors or delays in the processing of electronic transactions or other difficulties could result in interruption of business operations, delay in market acceptance, additional development and remediation costs, diversion of technical and other resources, loss of clients, negative publicity or exposure to liability claims. although we attempt to limit our potential liability through disclaimers and limitation of liability provisions in our license and client agreements, we cannot be certain that these measures will successfully limit our liability.
the implementation of the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act and related regulations may have an adverse impact on our clients and our business.
in 2010, the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act of 2010 ("dodd-frank act") was enacted. the dodd-frank act represented a comprehensive overhaul of the financial services industry within the united states and established, among other things, a new federal bureau called the consumer financial protection bureau ("cfpb"). the dodd-frank act requires the cfpb and other federal agencies to implement numerous new regulations, and the cfpb has issued guidance that applies to "supervised service providers" which the cfpb has defined to include service providers, like us, to cfpb supervised banks and nonbanks. although we have not experienced to date a materially adverse impact on our business, results of operations or financial condition due to these changes in the law, it is difficult to predict with certainty the extent to which the dodd-frank act, the cfpb or the resulting regulations will impact our business or the businesses of our current and potential clients over the long term. if the cfpb adopts additional rules and exercises supervisory authority over service providers like us, we could be subject to a greater degree of direct federal oversight than in the past, which could slow our ability to adapt to a rapidly changing industry, require us to make compliance investments and/or limit our fees or other revenue sources. to the extent the regulations adopted pursuant to the dodd-frank act negatively impact the business, operations or financial condition of our clients, our business and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected because, among other matters, our clients could have less capacity to purchase products and services from us, could decide to avoid or abandon certain lines of business, or could seek to pass on increased costs to us by negotiating price reductions. we could be required to invest a significant amount of time and resources to comply with additional regulations or oversight or to modify the manner in which we provide products and services to our clients; and such regulations could directly or indirectly limit how much we can charge for our services. we may not be able to update our existing products and services, or develop new ones, to satisfy our clients' needs. any of these events, if realized, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
if we fail to comply with applicable regulations our businesses could be harmed.
we are generally not directly subject to federal or state regulations specifically applicable to financial institutions such as banks, thrifts and credit unions. however, as a provider of services to these financial institutions, we are subject to contractual requirements imposed by the financial institutions with respect to a number of state and federal regulations, including privacy laws, and our operations are examined on a regular basis by various state and federal regulatory authorities. also, regulators such as the cfpb are increasingly signaling an intent to enforce regulations directly against service providers to financial institutions, and any such direct enforcement could result in increased operating costs for us and additional restrictions on our business processes. if we fail to comply with any applicable regulations, we could be exposed to suits for breach of contract or to governmental proceedings, our client relationships and reputation could be harmed and we could be inhibited in our ability to obtain new clients. in addition, the future enactment of more restrictive laws or rules on the federal or state level, or, with respect to our international operations, in foreign jurisdictions on the national, provincial, state or other level, could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
our failure to comply with a series of complex regulations in our payments businesses could subject us to liability.
certain fiserv subsidiaries are licensed as money transmitters in those states where such licensure is required. in connection with such licensure, we are required to demonstrate and maintain certain levels of net worth and liquidity and to file periodic reports. in addition, our direct-to-consumer payments businesses, comprised of our walk-in bill payment, prepaid card services, online bill payment and popmoney person-to-person payment services, are subject to federal regulation in the united states, including anti-money laundering regulations and certain restrictions on transactions to or from certain individuals or entities. the complexity of these regulations will continue to increase our cost of doing business. in addition, any violations of law may result in civil or criminal penalties against us and our officers, or the prohibition against us providing money transmitter services in particular jurisdictions.
we may be sued for infringing the intellectual property rights of others.
third parties may claim that we are infringing their intellectual property rights. we may expose ourselves to additional liability if we agree to indemnify our clients against third party infringement claims. if the owner of intellectual property establishes that we are, or a client which we are obligated to indemnify is, infringing its intellectual property rights, we may be forced to change our products or services, and such changes may be expensive or impractical, or we may need to seek royalty or license agreements from the owner of such rights. if we are unable to agree on acceptable terms, we may be required to discontinue the sale of key products or halt other aspects of our operations. we may also be liable for financial damages for a violation of intellectual property rights, and we may incur expenses in connection with indemnifying our clients against losses suffered by them. any adverse result related to violation of third party intellectual property rights could materially and adversely harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. even if intellectual property claims brought against us are without merit, they may result in costly and time consuming litigation and may divert our management and key personnel from operating our business.
misappropriation of our intellectual property and proprietary rights could impair our competitive position.
our ability to compete depends upon proprietary systems and technology. we actively seek to protect our proprietary rights. nevertheless, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy aspects of our services or to obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary. the steps we have taken may not prevent misappropriation of technology. agreements entered into for that purpose may not be enforceable or provide us with an adequate remedy. effective patent, trademark, service mark, copyright and trade secret protection may not be available in every country in which our applications and services are made available. misappropriation of our intellectual property or potential litigation concerning such matters could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
acquisitions subject us to risks, including increased debt, assumption of unforeseen liabilities and difficulties in integrating operations.
a major contributor to our growth in revenue and earnings since our inception has been our ability to identify, acquire and integrate complementary businesses. we anticipate that we will continue to seek to acquire complementary businesses, products and services. we may not be able to identify suitable acquisition candidates in the future, which could adversely affect our future growth, or businesses that we acquire may not perform as well as expected or may be more difficult to integrate and manage than expected, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. we may not be able to fully integrate all aspects of acquired businesses successfully or fully realize the potential benefits of bringing them together. in addition, the process of integrating these acquisitions may disrupt our business and divert our resources.
these risks may arise for a number of reasons: we may not be able to find suitable businesses to acquire at affordable valuations or on other acceptable terms; we face competition for acquisitions from other potential acquirers; we may need to borrow money or sell equity or debt securities to the public to finance future acquisitions and the terms of these financings may be adverse to us; changes in accounting, tax, securities or other regulations could increase the difficulty or cost for us to complete acquisitions; we may incur unforeseen obligations or liabilities in connection with acquisitions; we may need to devote unanticipated financial and management resources to an acquired business; we may not realize expected operating efficiencies or product integration benefits from an acquisition; we could enter markets where we have minimal prior experience; and we may experience decreases in earnings as a result of non-cash impairment charges.
we may be obligated to indemnify the purchasers of businesses pursuant to the terms of the relevant purchase and sale agreements.
we have in the past and may in the future sell businesses. in connection with sales of businesses, we make representations and warranties about the businesses and their financial affairs and agree to retain certain liabilities associated with our operation of the businesses prior to their sale. our obligation to indemnify the purchasers and agreement to retain liabilities could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
the failure to attract and retain key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business.
we depend on the experience, skill and contributions of our senior management and other key employees. if we fail to attract, motivate and retain highly qualified management, technical, compliance and sales personnel, our future success could be harmed. our senior management provides strategic direction for our company, and if we lose members of our leadership team, our management resources may have to be diverted from other priorities to address this loss. our products and services require sophisticated knowledge of the financial services industry, applicable regulatory and industry requirements, computer systems and software applications, and if we cannot hire or retain the necessary skilled personnel, we could suffer delays in new product development, experience difficulty complying with applicable requirements or otherwise fail to satisfy our clients' demands.
if we fail to comply with the applicable requirements of the payment card networks, they could seek to fine us, suspend us or terminate our registrations which could adversely affect our business.
we are subject to card association and network rules governing visa, mastercard, american express, discover or other similar organizations. the rules of the card networks are set by their boards which may be influenced by card issuers, some of which offer competing transaction processing services. if we fail to comply with these rules, we could be fined, our certifications could be suspended, or our certifications could be terminated. the suspension or termination of our certifications, or any changes to the card association and network rules, could limit our ability to provide transaction processing services to clients and result in a reduction of revenue or increased costs of operation, which, in either case, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
our balance sheet includes significant amounts of goodwill and intangible assets. the impairment of a significant portion of these assets would negatively affect our results of operations.
our balance sheet includes goodwill and intangible assets that represent 77% of our total assets at december 31, 2014. these assets consist primarily of goodwill and identified intangible assets associated with our acquisitions. on at least an annual basis, we assess whether there have been impairments in the carrying value of goodwill. in addition, we review intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. if the carrying value of the asset is determined to be impaired, then it is written down to fair value by a charge to operating earnings. an impairment of a significant portion of goodwill or intangible assets could have a material negative effect on our results of operations.
increased leverage may harm our financial condition and results of operations.
as of december 31, 2014, we had approximately $3.8 billion of long-term debt, including current maturities. we and our subsidiaries may incur additional indebtedness in the future. our indebtedness could: decrease our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, general corporate or other purposes; limit our flexibility to make acquisitions; increase our cash requirements to support the payment of interest; limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and our industry; and increase our vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic and industry conditions. our ability to make payments of principal and interest on our indebtedness depends upon our future performance, which will be subject to general economic conditions and financial, business and other factors affecting our consolidated operations, many of which are beyond our control. in addition, if our outstanding senior notes are downgraded to below investment grade, we may incur additional interest expense. if we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow from operations in the future to service our debt and meet our other cash requirements, we may be required, among other things: to seek additional financing in the debt or equity markets; to refinance or restructure all or a portion of our indebtedness; or to reduce or delay planned capital or operating expenditures. such measures might not be sufficient to enable us to service our debt and meet our other cash requirements. in addition, any such financing, refinancing or sale of assets might not be available at all or on economically favorable terms.
item 7.  management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is provided as a supplement to our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes to help provide an understanding of our financial condition, the changes in our financial condition and our results of operations. our discussion is organized as follows:
•            overview. this section contains background information on our company and the services and products that we provide, our enterprise priorities and the trends affecting our industry in order to provide context for management's discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations.
•                                                        critical accounting policies and estimates. this section contains a discussion of the accounting policies that we believe are important to our financial condition and results of operations and that require judgment and estimates on the part of management in their application. in addition, all of our significant accounting policies, including critical accounting policies, are summarized in note 1 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
•                                          results of operations. this section contains an analysis of our results of operations presented in the accompanying consolidated statements of income by comparing the results for the year ended december 31, 2014 to the results for the year ended december 31, 2013 and by comparing the results for the year ended december 31, 2013 to the results for the year ended december 31, 2012.
•   liquidity and capital resources. this section provides an analysis of our cash flows and a discussion of our outstanding debt and commitments at december 31, 2014.
overview company background we are a leading global provider of financial services technology. we provide account processing systems, electronic payments processing products and services, internet and mobile banking systems, and related services. we serve approximately 14,500 clients worldwide, including banks, thrifts, credit unions, investment management firms, leasing and finance companies, retailers, and merchants. the majority of our revenue is generated from recurring account- and transaction-based fees under contracts that generally have terms of three to five years and high renewal rates. most of the services we provide are necessary for our clients to operate their businesses and are, therefore, non-discretionary in nature.
our operations are principally located in the united states and are comprised of the payments and industry products ("payments") segment and the financial institution services ("financial") segment. the payments segment primarily provides debit, credit and prepaid card processing and services, electronic bill payment and presentment services, internet and mobile banking software and services, person-to-person payment services, and other electronic payments software and services. our businesses in this segment also provide card and print personalization services, investment account processing services for separately managed accounts, and fraud and risk management products and services. the financial segment provides banks, thrifts, credit unions, and leasing and finance companies with account processing services, item processing and source capture services, loan origination and servicing products, cash management and consulting services, and other products and services that support numerous types of financial transactions. the corporate and other segment primarily consists of unallocated corporate expenses, amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, intercompany eliminations and other costs that are not considered when management evaluates segment performance.
during 2014, stoneriver group, l.p. ("stoneriver"), a joint venture in which we own a 49% interest and account for under the equity method, recognized net gains on the sales of subsidiary businesses, and in 2013, completed a transaction which reduced its ownership interest in another subsidiary business, resulting in a gain associated with the deconsolidation. our share of the net gains and related expenses on these transactions was $87 million in 2014 and $71 million in 2013, with related tax expenses of $36 million and $17 million, respectively. in addition, we received cash dividends, funded from capital transactions, from stoneriver of $110 million and $122 million in 2014 and 2013, respectively.
on november 20, 2013, our board of directors declared a two-for-one stock split of our common stock and a proportionate increase in the number of our authorized shares of common stock. the additional shares were distributed on december 16, 2013 to shareholders of record at the close of business on december 2, 2013. our common stock began trading at the split-adjusted price on december 17, 2013. all share and per share amounts are retroactively presented on a split-adjusted basis.
on january 14, 2013, we acquired open solutions inc. ("open solutions"), a provider of account processing technology for financial institutions, for a cash purchase price of $55 million and the assumption of approximately $960 million of debt. with this acquisition, we added dna, a real-time, open architecture account processing system, along with 3,300 existing open solutions' clients. this acquisition advanced our go-to-market strategies by adding a number of products and services and by expanding the number of account processing clients to which we can provide our broad array of add-on solutions.
enterprise priorities we continue to implement a series of strategic initiatives to help accomplish our mission of providing integrated technology and services solutions that enable best-in-class results for our clients. these strategic initiatives include active portfolio management of our various businesses, enhancing the overall value of our existing client relationships, improving operational effectiveness, being disciplined in our allocation of capital, and differentiating our products and services through innovation. our key enterprise priorities for 2015 are: (i) to continue to build high-quality revenue while meeting our earnings goals; (ii) to build and extend client relationships with an increased emphasis on payment and channel solutions; and (iii) to deliver innovation and integration which enables differentiation and value for our clients.
industry trends the market for products and services offered by financial institutions continues to evolve rapidly. the financial industry regularly introduces and implements new payment, deposit, lending, investment and risk management products, and the distinctions among the products and services traditionally offered by different types of financial institutions continue to narrow as they seek to serve the same customers. at the same time, regulatory conditions have continued to create a difficult operating environment for financial institutions. in particular, legislation such as the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act has generated, and will continue to generate, numerous new regulations that will impact the financial industry. these conditions, along with mild economic improvement, have created heightened interest in solutions that help financial institutions win and retain customers, generate incremental revenue, comply with regulations and enhance operating efficiency. examples of these solutions include our electronic payments solutions and channels such as internet, mobile and tablet banking, sometimes referred to as "digital channels."
this increased focus on digital channels by both financial institutions and their customers, as well as the growing volume and types of payment transactions in the marketplace, have increased the data and transaction processing needs of financial institutions. we expect that financial institutions will continue to invest significant capital and human resources to process transactions, manage information and offer innovative new services to their customers in this rapidly evolving and competitive environment. we anticipate that we will benefit over the long term from the trend of financial institutions moving from in-house technology to outsourced solutions as they seek to remain current on technology changes amidst an evolving marketplace. we believe that economies of scale in developing and maintaining the infrastructure, technology, products, services and networks necessary to be competitive in such an environment are essential to justify these investments, and we anticipate that demand for products that facilitate customer interaction with financial institutions, including electronic transactions through digital channels, will continue to increase, which we expect to create revenue opportunities for us. based on these market conditions, we believe that our sizable and diverse client base, combined with our position as a leading provider of non-discretionary, recurring revenue-based products and services, gives us a solid foundation for growth. in addition, we believe that the integration of our products and services creates a compelling value proposition for our clients.
in addition to the trends described above, the financial institutions marketplace has experienced change in composition as well. during the past 25 years, the number of financial institutions in the united states has declined at a relatively steady rate of approximately 3% per year, primarily as a result of voluntary mergers and acquisitions. rather than reducing the overall market, these consolidations have transferred accounts among financial institutions. an acquisition benefits us when a newly combined institution is processed on our system, or elects to move to one of our systems, and negatively impacts us when a competing system is selected. financial institution acquisitions also impact our financial results due to early contract termination fees in our multi-year client contracts, which are primarily generated when an existing client with a multi-year contract is acquired by another financial institution. these fees can vary from period to period based on the number and size of clients that are acquired and how early in the contract term the contract is terminated. our revenue is diversified, and our focus on long-term client relationships and recurring, transaction-oriented products and services has reduced the impact that consolidation in the financial services industry has had on us. we have clients that span the entire range of financial institutions in terms of asset size and business model, and our 50 largest financial institution clients represent less than 25% of our annual revenue. in addition, we believe that our products and services can assist financial institutions with the regulatory and market challenges that they currently face by providing, among other things, new sources of revenue and opportunities to reduce their costs.
critical accounting policies and estimates our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states, which require management to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses. we continually evaluate the accounting policies and estimates that we use to prepare our consolidated financial statements and base our estimates on historical experience and assumptions that we believe are reasonable in light of current circumstances. actual amounts and results could differ materially from these estimates.
acquisitions we allocate the purchase price of acquired businesses to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the transaction at their estimated fair values. the estimates used to determine the fair value of long-lived assets, such as intangible assets, can be complex and require significant judgments. we use information available to us to make fair value determinations and engage independent valuation specialists, when necessary, to assist in the fair value determination of significant acquired long-lived assets. while we use our best estimates and assumptions as a part of the purchase price allocation process, our estimates are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. as a result, during the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the acquisition date, we record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with the corresponding offset to goodwill. upon the conclusion of the measurement period or final determination of the values of assets acquired or liabilities assumed, whichever comes first, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to our consolidated statements of income. we are also required to estimate the useful lives of intangible assets to determine the amount of acquisition-related intangible asset amortization expense to record in future periods. we periodically review the estimated useful lives assigned to our intangible assets to determine whether such estimated useful lives continue to be appropriate.
goodwill and acquired intangible assets we review the carrying value of goodwill for impairment annually, or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. goodwill is tested for impairment at a reporting unit level, determined to be at an operating segment level or one level below. when reviewing goodwill for impairment, we consider the amount of excess fair value over the carrying value of each reporting unit, the period of time since a reporting unit's last quantitative test, the extent a reorganization or disposition changes the composition of one or more of our reporting units, and other factors to determine whether or not to first perform a qualitative test. when performing a qualitative test, we assess numerous factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of our reporting units are less than their respective carrying values. examples of qualitative factors that we assess include our share price, our financial performance, market and competitive factors in our industry, and other events specific to our reporting units. if we conclude that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, we perform a two-step quantitative impairment test.
the first step in the quantitative test is to compare the fair value of the reporting unit to its carrying value. we determine the fair value of a reporting unit based primarily on the present value of estimated future cash flows. if the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds the carrying value of the reporting unit's net assets, goodwill of that reporting unit is not impaired and further testing is not required. if the carrying value of the reporting unit's net assets exceeds the fair value of the reporting unit, then we perform the second step of the quantitative test to determine the implied fair value of the reporting unit's goodwill and any impairment charge. determining the fair value of a reporting unit involves judgment and the use of significant estimates and assumptions, which include assumptions regarding the revenue growth rates and operating margins used to calculate estimated future cash flows, risk-adjusted discount rates and future economic and market conditions.
our most recent impairment assessment in the fourth quarter of 2014 determined that our goodwill was not impaired as the estimated fair values of the respective reporting units substantially exceeded the carrying values.
we review acquired intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. recoverability is assessed by comparing the carrying amount of the asset to the undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. measurement of any impairment loss is based on estimated fair value. given the significance of our goodwill and intangible asset balances, an adverse change in fair value could result in an impairment charge, which could be material to our consolidated financial statements. no impairment of our acquired intangible assets was identified during 2014.
revenue recognition the majority of our revenue is generated from monthly account- and transaction-based fees. revenue is recognized as services are provided and is primarily recognized under service agreements that are long-term in nature, generally three to five years, and that do not require management to make significant judgments or assumptions. at times, however, judgment is exercised in evaluating revenue recognition, such as when a contract arrangement includes multiple product and service deliverables. due to the quantity, size and nature of our multiple element arrangements, the judgments we make in this regard are not likely to have a material impact on revenue recognition for any individual element. additionally, given the nature of our business and the rules governing revenue recognition, our revenue recognition practices generally do not involve significant estimates that materially affect our results of operations. additional information about our revenue recognition policies is included in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements.
results of operations components of revenue and expenses the following summary describes the components of revenue and expenses as presented in our consolidated statements of income.
processing and services processing and services revenue, which in 2014 represented 83% of our consolidated revenue, is primarily generated from account- and transaction-based fees under contracts that generally have terms of three to five years. revenue is recognized when the related transactions are processed and services have been performed. processing and services revenue is most reflective of our business performance as a significant amount of our total operating profit is generated by these services. cost of processing and services includes costs directly associated with providing services to clients and includes the following: personnel; equipment and data communication; infrastructure costs, including costs to maintain software applications; client support; depreciation and amortization; and other operating expenses.
product product revenue, which in 2014 represented 17% of our consolidated revenue, is primarily derived from integrated print and card production sales, as well as software license sales which represented less than 4% of our consolidated revenue. cost of product includes costs directly associated with the products sold and includes the following: costs of materials and software development; personnel; infrastructure costs; depreciation and amortization; and other costs directly associated with product revenue.
selling, general and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative expenses primarily consist of: salaries, wages and related expenses paid to sales personnel, administrative employees and management; advertising and promotional costs; depreciation and amortization; and other selling and administrative expenses.
financial results on march 14, 2013, the company sold its club solutions business ("club solutions"). the 2013 and 2012 results of operations and cash flows of club solutions, which were previously included within the payments segment, have been reported as discontinued operations.
the following table presents certain amounts included in our consolidated statements of income, the relative percentage that those amounts represent to revenue and the change in those amounts from year to year. this information should be read together with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes.
(in millions)                                                                                                                                                                                                    percentage of revenue (1)                                                        increase (decrease)
processing and services                                                                                                 $4,219                $4,035                $3,663                83.3   %              83.8   %              82.6   %       $184                   5   %           $372                   10   %
cost of processing and services                                                                                          2,164                 2,081                 1,936                51.3   %              51.6   %              52.9   %         83                   4   %            145                    7   %
cost of product                                                                                                            717                   695                   628                84.7   %              89.2   %              81.2   %         22                   3   %             67                   11   %
operating income                                                                                                         1,210                 1,061                 1,048                23.9   %              22.0   %              23.6   %        149                  14   %             13                    1   %
(1)   percentage of revenue is calculated as the relevant revenue, expense or income amount divided by total revenue, except for cost of processing and services and cost of product amounts which are divided by the related component of revenue.
(in millions)       payments          financial       corporate               total year ended december 31,                                         and other total revenue:
revenue growth:
operating income:
operating income growth:
operating margin:
operating margin growth: (1)
(1)   represents the percentage point growth or decline in operating margin.
total revenue total revenue increased $252 million, or 5%, in 2014 and increased $378 million, or 9%, in 2013 compared to the prior years. the increase in total revenue during 2014 was due to 8% revenue growth in our payments segment and 3% revenue growth in our financial segment, in each case, as compared to 2013. the increase in total revenue during 2013 was attributable to 13% revenue growth in our financial segment due primarily to the acquisition of open solutions and 4% revenue growth in our payments segment, in each case, as compared to 2012. the open solutions acquisition contributed $270 million to revenue in 2013.
revenue in our payments segment increased $195 million, or 8%, in 2014 and increased $109 million, or 4%, in 2013 compared to the prior years. payments segment revenue growth during 2014 and 2013 was driven by our recurring revenue businesses as processing and services revenue increased $128 million, or 7%, and $114 million, or 6%, in 2014 and 2013, respectively. the growth in both years was primarily due to new clients and increased transaction volumes from existing clients in our card services, bill payment and digital channels businesses, as well as our biller solutions business in 2013. higher product revenue from increased volumes in our output solutions business, a portion of which is postage pass-through revenue that is included in both product revenue and cost of product, also contributed to overall segment revenue growth in 2014. the positive revenue growth in 2013 was partially offset by lower software license revenue as compared to the prior year, along with a discount on the renewal of a bill payment contract.
revenue in our financial segment increased $58 million, or 3%, in 2014 and increased $269 million, or 13%, in 2013 compared to the prior years. in 2014, revenue growth was favorably impacted by increased processing and services revenue in our account processing and lending businesses, including higher contract termination fee revenue. this growth was partially offset by a revenue decline in our international business due to the completion of several client implementations in the prior year and negative currency fluctuations in the current year. financial segment revenue growth in 2013 was driven by the acquisition of open solutions, which contributed $270 million in revenue. excluding the open solutions acquisition, revenue growth in 2013 was flat compared to the prior year, primarily due to the migration of an account processing client from our system to its parent company's account processing system.
total expenses total expenses increased $103 million, or 3%, in 2014 compared to 2013 and increased $365 million, or 11%, in 2013 compared to 2012. total expenses as a percentage of total revenue was 76.1%, 78.0% and 76.4% in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. the increase in total expenses as a percentage of total revenue in 2013 was due primarily to higher merger and integration expenses attributable to our acquisition of open solutions.
cost of processing and services as a percentage of processing and services revenue decreased to 51.3% in 2014 compared to 51.6% in 2013 and 52.9% in 2012. cost of processing and services as a percentage of processing and services revenue was favorably impacted in both 2014 and 2013 by increased operating leverage in our recurring revenue businesses, as well as by operating efficiency initiatives across the company that have lowered our cost structure.
cost of product as a percentage of product revenue was 84.7% in 2014 compared to 89.2% in 2013 and 81.2% in 2012. in 2013, cost of product included merger and integration costs resulting from the open solutions acquisition, including a $30 million non-cash impairment charge related to the replacement of our acumen® account processing system with dna, an open solutions' account processing system, which resulted in an increase in cost of product as a percentage of product revenue. in 2014, cost of product as a percentage of product revenue was negatively impacted by an increase in postage pass-through revenue and expense in our output solutions business.
selling, general and administrative expense as a percentage of total revenue was 19.2%, 20.3% and 18.6% in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of total revenue in both 2014 and 2013 compared to 2012 was primarily due to higher acquired intangible amortization, and in 2013, merger and integration costs attributable to our acquisition of open solutions. selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of total revenue was favorably impacted by reduced professional services expenses, including merger and integration costs, in 2014 as compared to 2013.
operating income and operating margin total operating income increased $149 million, or 14%, in 2014 and $13 million, or 1%, in 2013 compared to the prior years. operating margin increased to 23.9% in 2014 from 22.0% in 2013 and decreased in 2013 from 23.6% in 2012. operating income and margin were positively impacted in 2014 primarily by scale efficiencies, operational effectiveness initiatives, and lower merger and integration expenses in our corporate and other segment related to the open solutions acquisition. the operating margin decline of 160 basis points in 2013 was due to increased operating losses of $125 million in our corporate and other segment, which negatively impacted our operating margin by 260 basis points due primarily to acquired intangible amortization and merger and integration costs of $115 million associated with the acquisition of open solutions. this negative impact was partially offset by positive margin increases in our payments and financial segments in 2013.
operating income in our payments segment increased $66 million, or 9%, and $45 million, or 7%, in 2014 and 2013, respectively, compared to the prior years. operating margins were 28.0%, 27.5% and 26.9% in 2014, 2013
and 2012, respectively, and increased 50 basis points in 2014 and 60 basis points in 2013. the increases in operating income were primarily due to revenue growth and scale efficiencies in our card services and digital channels businesses in 2014 and 2013, as well as our bill payment business in 2014. during 2014, payments segment operating margin improvements were partially offset by increased postage pass-through costs in our output solutions business, which are included in both revenue and expenses, as well as increased expenses associated with investments in our biller solutions business. operating margin in 2013 was negatively impacted by a decrease in higher-margin software license revenue, along with a discount on the renewal of a bill payment contract.
operating income in our financial segment increased $28 million, or 4%, and $93 million, or 14%, in 2014 and 2013, respectively, compared to the prior years. operating margin in 2014 improved 40 basis points to 32.6% as compared to 2013, which improved slightly to 32.2% from 32.0% in 2012. these improvements in operating income and margin in 2014 and 2013 were primarily due to scale efficiencies and operational effectiveness initiatives, along with higher contract termination fee revenue in our account processing businesses in 2014. in addition, the increase in operating income in 2013 was also attributed to the acquisition of open solutions.
the operating loss in the corporate and other segment decreased $55 million in 2014 and increased $125 million in 2013 compared to the prior years. the 2014 decrease in operating loss was primarily due to reduced merger and integration costs related to the open solutions acquisition as compared to 2013. the increase in operating loss in 2013 was primarily attributable to merger and integration costs of $65 million resulting from the open solutions acquisition, along with increased amortization expenses of $50 million, primarily related to open solutions' acquired intangible assets.
interest expense interest expense was consistent in 2014 and 2013, and decreased $10 million, or 6%, in 2013 compared to 2012. a decline in average outstanding debt during 2014 was offset by slightly higher variable interest rates as compared to 2013. the decrease in interest expense in 2013 as compared to 2012 was due to lower average interest rates, partially offset by additional debt assumed in connection with the acquisition of open solutions.
interest and investment income interest and investment income was consistent in 2014 and 2013, and decreased $6 million in 2013 as compared to 2012 due to a gain recognized on a sale of an investment in 2012.
income tax provision our effective income tax rate for continuing operations was 36.6% in 2014, 36.5% in 2013 and 34.0% in 2012. the 2014 effective income tax rate was relatively consistent with 2013 as increased deductions resulting from federal tax planning initiatives and the favorable resolution of tax matters were offset by additional income tax expense associated with our share of net gains on the sales of subsidiary businesses at stoneriver, a joint venture in which we own a 49% interest. the increase in the effective tax rate from 2012 to 2013 was primarily due to income tax expense associated with our share of a gain on a partial divestiture of a subsidiary business by stoneriver.
income from investment in unconsolidated affiliate our share of the income of stoneriver was $91 million, $80 million and $11 million in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. during 2014, stoneriver recognized net gains on the sales of subsidiary businesses, and in 2013, completed a transaction which reduced its ownership interest in another subsidiary business, resulting in a gain associated with the deconsolidation. our share of the gains and related expenses on these transactions was $87 million in 2014 and $71 million in 2013.
(loss) income from discontinued operations related to club solutions and prior dispositions totaled $(2) million and $19 million in 2013 and 2012, respectively, and included income tax expense of $4 million and $13 million, respectively.
net income per share - diluted from continuing operations net income per share-diluted from continuing operations was $2.99 in 2014 compared to $2.44 in 2013 and $2.15 in 2012. net income per share-diluted from continuing operations was favorably impacted in both 2014 and 2013 by $0.20 per share from our share of net transaction gains at stoneriver, and was negatively impacted in 2013 by merger and integration costs of $0.20 per share incurred due to the acquisition of open solutions. the amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets also reduced net income per share-diluted from continuing operations by $0.52, $0.51 and $0.37 in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
liquidity and capital resources general our primary liquidity needs are: (i) to fund normal operating expenses; (ii) to meet the interest and principal requirements of our outstanding indebtedness; and (iii) to fund capital expenditures and operating lease payments. we believe these needs will be satisfied using cash flow generated by our operations, our cash and cash equivalents of $294 million at december 31, 2014 and available borrowings under our revolving credit facility. the following table presents our operating cash flow and capital expenditure amounts for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
non-cash impairment charge                                       -                    30             (30   )
net changes in working capital and other                        78                    (7   )          85
operating cash flow                                         $1,307                $1,039            $268               26          %
capital expenditures                                          $292                  $236             $56               24          %
our net cash provided by operating activities, or operating cash flow, was $1.3 billion in 2014, an increase of 26% compared with $1.0 billion in 2013. this increase was primarily due to increased earnings, favorable working capital changes and cash dividends received from our stoneriver joint venture, representing returns on our investment. working capital was favorably impacted in 2014 by the timing of accrued expenses, including client deposits and income taxes, and was negatively impacted in 2013 by payments related to merger and integration costs and assumed liabilities resulting from the acquisition of open solutions. our current policy is to use our operating cash flow primarily to repay debt and fund capital expenditures, acquisitions and share repurchases, rather than to pay dividends. our capital expenditures were approximately 6% and 5% of our total revenue in 2014 and 2013, respectively.
in 2014 and 2013, we received cash dividends of $110 million and $122 million, respectively, from stoneriver. the portions of these dividends that represented returns on our investment, $110 million in 2014 and $6 million in 2013, are reported in cash flows from operating activities. in the first quarter of 2013, we acquired open solutions for a cash purchase price of $16 million, net of cash acquired, along with the assumption of approximately $960 million of debt, and sold club solutions for approximately $35 million in cash.
share repurchases cash outflows for repurchases of our common stock were $1.1 billion and $578 million in 2014 and 2013, respectively. on each of august 5, 2013 and november 19, 2014, our board of directors authorized the purchase of up to 20.0 million shares of our common stock. purchases pursuant to the august 5, 2013 authorization have been completed. as of december 31, 2014, we had approximately 19.8 million shares remaining under the november 19, 2014 authorization. shares repurchased are generally held for issuance in connection with our equity plans.
the acquisition of open solutions in january 2013 for a cash purchase price of $16 million, net of cash acquired, and repayment of assumed debt of approximately $960 million was funded utilizing a combination of available cash and existing availability under our revolving credit facility. in october 2013, we obtained a $900 million term loan under a new loan agreement with a syndicate of banks and used the net proceeds from the term loan to repay outstanding borrowings under our revolving credit facility. at december 31, 2014, our long-term debt consisted primarily of $2.95 billion of senior notes and $810 million of term loan borrowings. we were in compliance with all financial debt covenants during 2014.
term loan on october 25, 2013, we obtained a $900 million term loan under a new loan agreement with a syndicate of banks. this term loan bears interest at a variable rate based on libor or the bank's base rate, plus a specified margin based on our long-term debt rating in effect from time to time, and matures in october 2018. the variable interest rate on the term loan borrowings was 1.4% at december 31, 2014. scheduled principal payments of $90 million commenced on december 31, 2014 and are due on the last business day of december of each year, with the remaining principal balance of $540 million due in october 2018. the term loan facility contains various restrictions and covenants substantially similar to those contained in the revolving credit facility described below.
revolving credit facility in connection with the term loan financing described above, on october 25, 2013, we entered into an amendment to our existing $2.0 billion revolving credit agreement with a syndicate of banks that conformed certain of its provisions to those in the new term loan agreement and extended its maturity to october 25, 2018. borrowings under the amended revolving credit facility bear interest at a variable rate based on libor or the bank's base rate, plus a specified margin based on our long-term debt rating in effect from time to time. the weighted average variable interest rate on the revolving credit facility borrowings was 1.15% at december 31, 2014. there are no significant commitment fees and no compensating balance requirements. the revolving credit facility contains various restrictions and covenants that require us, among other things, to (i) limit our consolidated indebtedness as of the end of each fiscal quarter to no more than three and one-half times consolidated net earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization and certain other adjustments during the period of four fiscal quarters then ended, and (ii) maintain consolidated net earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization and certain other adjustments of at least three times consolidated interest expense as of the end of each fiscal quarter for the period of four fiscal quarters then ended.
senior notes in september 2012, we issued $700 million aggregate principal amount of 3.5% senior notes due in october 2022. these senior notes, along with our 3.125% senior notes due in october 2015 and our 4.625% senior notes due in october 2020, pay interest at the stated rates on april 1 and october 1 of each year. our 3.125% senior notes due in june 2016 and 4.75% senior notes due in june 2021 pay interest at the stated rates on june 15 and december 15 of each year, and our 6.8% senior notes due in november 2017 pay interest at the stated rate on may 20 and november 20 of each year. the interest rates applicable to the senior notes are subject to an increase of up to two percent in the event that our credit rating is downgraded below investment grade. the indenture governing the senior notes contains covenants that, among other matters, limit (i) our ability to consolidate or merge into, or convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all of our properties and assets to, another person, (ii) our and certain of our subsidiaries' ability to create or assume liens, and (iii) our and certain of our subsidiaries' ability to engage in sale and leaseback transactions. at december 31, 2014, our 3.125% senior notes due in october 2015 were classified in the consolidated balance sheet as long-term as we have the intent to refinance this debt on a long-term basis and the ability to do so under our revolving credit facility, which matures in october 2018.
other access to capital markets impacts our cost of capital, our ability to refinance maturing debt and our ability to fund future acquisitions. our ability to access capital on favorable terms depends on a number of factors, including general market conditions, interest rates, credit ratings on our debt securities, perception of our potential future earnings and the market price of our common stock. as of december 31, 2014, we had a corporate credit rating of baa2 with a stable outlook from moody's investors service, inc. ("moody's") and bbb with a stable outlook from standard & poor's ratings services ("s&p") on our senior unsecured debt securities.
the interest rates payable on our senior notes, term loan and revolving credit facility are subject to adjustment from time to time if moody's or s&p changes the debt rating applicable to the notes. if the ratings from moody's or s&p decrease below investment grade, the per annum interest rates are subject to increase by up to two percent. in no event will the total increase in the per annum interest rates exceed two percent above the original interest rates, nor will the per annum interest rate be reduced below the original interest rate applicable to the senior notes.
off-balance sheet arrangements and contractual obligations we do not participate in, nor have we created, any off-balance sheet variable interest entities or other off-balance sheet financing, other than letters of credit. the following table details our contractual cash obligations at december 31, 2014:
minimum operating lease payments (1)              383            93           137            67            86
(1)   interest, operating lease and purchase obligations are reported on a pre-tax basis.
(2)   the calculations assume that only mandatory debt repayments are made, the 3.125% senior notes due in october 2015 are refinanced on a long-term basis, no additional refinancing or lending occurs, and the variable rates on the term loan and revolving credit facility are priced at the rate in effect as of december 31, 2014.