item 1a.   risk factors in evaluating our business, you should carefully consider the following risks in addition to the other information in this annual report on form 10-k. a manifestation of any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. we note these factors for investors as permitted by the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors and, therefore, you should not consider the following risks to be a complete statement of all the potential risks or uncertainties that we face.
a substantial portion of our revenues is derived from sales of products to treat hcv and hiv. if we are unable to maintain or continue increasing sales of these products, our results of operations may be adversely affected.
during the year ended december 31, 2014, sales of sovaldi and harvoni for the treatment of hcv, accounted for approximately 50% of our total product sales. since sovaldi and harvoni were only recently launched, we cannot be certain if 2014 sales of our hcv products are indicative of future sales. with the approval of a competitor's hcv product in december 2014 and the potential entry of other competitive products, we cannot predict whether, and to what extent, our hcv revenues may be adversely affected in the future. as a result of the launch of a competing regimen, we have experienced, and may continue to experience, increased pricing pressure. in certain cases, we have provided significant discounts or rebates to public and private payers in order to obtain formulary status or to expand access for patients to our hcv products. in addition, future sales of sovaldi and harvoni are difficult to estimate because demand depends in part on the extent of reimbursement of our hcv products by private and public payers in the united states and countries outside the united states. in light of the continued fiscal and debt crises experienced by several countries in the european union, several governments have announced or implemented measures to manage healthcare expenditures. we continue to experience pricing pressure such as increases in the amount of discounts required on our products and delayed reimbursement which could negatively impact our future product sales and results of operations. also, private and public payers can choose to exclude sovaldi or harvoni from their formulary or limit the types of patients for whom coverage will be provided, which would negatively impact the demand for, and revenues of, sovaldi and harvoni. any change in the formulary coverage, reimbursement levels or discounts or rebates offered on our hcv products to payers may impact our anticipated revenues. we expect pricing pressure in the hcv market to continue. if we are unable to maintain the current or expected future sales levels of sovaldi and harvoni or obtain approval or reimbursement for our hcv product candidates in the currently anticipated timelines, our results of operations and stock price could be negatively affected.
we receive a substantial portion of our revenue from sales of our products for the treatment of hiv infection, particularly our single tablet regimen products, atripla, complera/eviplera and stribild. during the year ended december 31, 2014, sales of our hiv products accounted for more than 40% of our total product sales. most of our hiv products contain tenofovir disoproxil fumarate and/or emtricitabine, which belong to the nucleoside class of antiviral therapeutics. if the treatment paradigm for hiv changes, causing nucleoside-based therapeutics to fall out of favor, or if we are unable to maintain or continue increasing our hiv product sales, our results of operations would likely suffer and we would likely need to scale back our operations, including our spending on research and development (r&d) efforts. we may not be able to sustain or increase the growth rate of sales of our hiv products, especially atripla, complera/eviplera and stribild, for any number of reasons including, but not limited to, the following:
•   as our hiv products are used over a longer period of time in many patients and in combination with other products, and additional studies are conducted, new issues with respect to safety, resistance and interactions with other drugs may arise, which could cause us to provide additional warnings or contraindications on our labels, narrow our approved indications or halt sales of a product, each of which could reduce our revenues.
•   as our hiv products mature, private insurers and government payers often reduce the amount they will reimburse patients for these products, which increases pressure on us to reduce prices.
•   a large part of the market for our hiv products consists of patients who are already taking other hiv drugs. if physicians do not see the benefit of our hiv products, the sales of our hiv products will be limited.
•   as generic hiv products are introduced into major markets, our ability to maintain pricing and market share may be affected. for example, generic versions of sustiva (efavirenz), a component of our atripla, are now available in canada and europe and we anticipate competition from generic efavirenz in the united states in december 2017. we have observed some pricing pressure related to the sustiva component of our atripla sales.
if we fail to commercialize new products or expand the indications for existing products, our prospects for future revenues may be adversely affected.
if we do not introduce new products to market or increase sales of our existing products, we will not be able to increase or maintain our total revenues nor continue to expand our r&d efforts. drug development is inherently risky and many product candidates fail during the drug development process. for example, we recently announced results from our phase 2 study of simtuzumab for the treatment of pancreatic cancer, myelofibrosis and colorectal cancer showing that the product candidate did not provide clinical benefit.
in june 2014, we submitted a nda with japan's pharmaceutical and medical devices agency (pmda) for approval of sofosbuvir for the treatment of hcv and in september 2014, we submitted a nda with the pmda for approval of the fixed-dose combination of ledipasvir and sofosbuvir. in the fourth quarter of 2014, we filed our marketing applications for approval of the single tablet regimen of elvitegravir, cobicistat, emtricitabine and taf for the treatment of hiv-1 infection in adults in the united states and european union. these marketing applications may not be approved by the regulatory authorities on a timely basis, or at all. even if marketing approval is granted for these products, there may be significant limitations on their use. further, we may be unable to file our marketing applications for new products.
our inability to accurately predict demand for our products, the uptake of new products or the timing of fluctuations in the inventories maintained by customers makes it difficult for us to accurately forecast sales and may cause our revenues and earnings to fluctuate, which could adversely affect our financial results and our stock price.
we may be unable to accurately predict demand for our products, including the uptake of new products, as demand is dependent on a number of factors. for example, our hcv products, sovaldi and harvoni, represent a significant change in the treatment paradigm for hcv-infected patients due to the shortened duration of treatment and the reduction or elimination of the need for pegylated interferon injection and ribavirin in certain patient populations. because these products are in a new therapeutic area for us and product demand is dependent on a number of factors, revenues from these products in 2015 and beyond are difficult for us and investors to estimate. demand for sovaldi and harvoni will depend in part on the extent of reimbursement of our hcv products by private and public payers in the united states and countries outside the united states. private and public payers can choose to exclude sovaldi or harvoni from their formulary or limit the types of patients for whom coverage will be provided, which would negatively impact the demand for and revenues of sovaldi and harvoni. also, because our hcv products represent a significant change in the treatment paradigm of hcv infection and in light of the launch of a competitor's regimen, sales levels or prescription growth rates early in the launch may not be indicative of future sales. as a result of the launch of a competing regimen, we have experienced increased pricing pressure in the united states and in certain cases, have provided significant discounts to private and public payers in order to obtain formulary status or to expand access for patients to our hcv products. any change in the formulary coverage, reimbursement levels or discounts or rebates offered on our hcv products to payers may negatively impact our anticipated revenues. we expect pricing pressure in the hcv market to continue. because hcv-related revenues are difficult to predict, investors may have widely varying expectations that may be materially higher or lower than our actual revenues. to the extent our hcv product revenues exceed or fall short of these expectations, our stock price may experience significant volatility.
in the year ended december 31, 2014, approximately 87% of our product sales in the united states were to three wholesalers, amerisourcebergen corp., mckesson corp. and cardinal health, inc. the u.s. wholesalers with whom we have entered into inventory management agreements make estimates to determine end user demand and may not be completely effective in matching their inventory levels to actual end user demand. as a result, changes in inventory levels held by those wholesalers can cause our operating results to fluctuate unexpectedly if our sales to these wholesalers do not match end user demand. in addition, inventory is held at retail pharmacies and other non-wholesaler locations with whom we have no inventory management agreements and no control over buying patterns. adverse changes in economic conditions or other factors may cause retail pharmacies to reduce their inventories of our products, which would reduce their orders from wholesalers and, consequently, the wholesalers' orders from us, even if end user demand has not changed. for example, during the fourth quarter of 2013, strong wholesaler and sub-wholesaler purchases of our hiv products resulted in inventory draw-down by wholesalers and sub-wholesalers in the first quarter of 2014. as inventory in the distribution channel fluctuates from quarter to quarter, we may continue to see fluctuations in our earnings and a mismatch between prescription demand for our products and our revenues.
in addition, the non-retail sector in the united states, which includes government institutions, including state aids drug assistance programs (adaps), correctional facilities and large health maintenance organizations, tends to be even less consistent in terms of buying patterns and often causes quarter over quarter fluctuations that do not necessarily mirror patient demand for our products. federal and state budget pressures, including sequestration, as well as the annual grant cycles for federal and state adap funds, may cause adap purchasing patterns to not reflect patient demand of our hiv products. for example, in the first quarters of certain prior years, we observed large non-retail purchases of our hiv products by a number of state adaps that exceeded patient demand. we believe such purchases were driven by the grant cycle for federal adap funds. we expect to continue to experience fluctuations in the purchasing patterns of our non-retail customers which may result in fluctuations in our product sales, revenues and earnings in the future. in light of the global economic downturn and budget crises faced by many european countries, we have observed variations in purchasing patterns induced by cost containment measures in europe. we believe these measures have caused some government agencies and other purchasers to reduce inventory of our products in the distribution channels, which has decreased our revenues and caused fluctuations in our product sales and earnings. we may continue to see this trend in the future.
our results of operations may be adversely affected by current and potential future healthcare reforms.
legislative and regulatory changes to government prescription drug procurement and reimbursement programs occur relatively frequently in the united states and foreign jurisdictions. in march 2010, healthcare reform legislation was adopted in the united states, requiring us to further rebate or discount products reimbursed or paid for by various public payers, including medicaid and other entities eligible to purchase discounted products through the 340b drug pricing program under the public health service act, such as adaps. as a result of the 2010 legislation, the discounts, rebates and fees that impacted us include:
•   our minimum base rebate amount owed to medicaid on products reimbursed by medicaid increased by 8%, and the discounts or rebates we owe to adaps and other public health service entities which reimburse or purchase our products also increased by 8%;
•   we are required to extend rebates to patients receiving our products through medicaid managed care organizations;
•   we, along with other pharmaceutical manufacturers of branded drug products, are required to pay a portion of a new industry fee (also known as the branded prescription drug (bpd) fee), of $3.0 billion for 2014, calculated based on select government sales during the 2012 calendar year as a percentage of total industry government sales.
the amount of the annual industry fee imposed on the pharmaceutical industry as a whole will be $3.0 billion in 2014 through 2016, increase to $4.0 billion in 2017, increase to a peak of $4.1 billion in 2018, and then decrease to $2.8 billion in 2019 and thereafter. we expect our portion of the bpd fee to increase as our revenues grow and as the amount of the annual industry fee increases through 2018 and drug patents expire on major drugs of other companies. in addition, during the third quarter of 2014, the internal revenues service (irs) issued final regulations which indicated that a manufacturer's obligation to pay its portion of the bpd fee in any given calendar year is triggered by the qualifying sales in the previous year, instead of the first qualifying sale in the current calendar year. as a result of the final irs regulations, we were required to recognize our 2014 fee of $460 million and 2013 fee of $142 million in our 2014 consolidated statement of income. our bpd fees were approximately $590 million, $110 million and $85 million in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. the bpd fee is not tax deductible. further, even though not addressed in the healthcare reform legislation, discussions continue at the federal level on legislation that would either allow or require the federal government to directly negotiate price concessions from pharmaceutical manufacturers or set minimum requirements for medicare part d pricing.
in addition, state medicaid programs could request additional supplemental rebates on our products as a result of the increase in the federal base medicaid rebate. private insurers could also use the enactment of these increased rebates to exert pricing pressure on our products, and to the extent that private insurers or managed care programs follow medicaid coverage and payment developments, the adverse effects may be magnified by private insurers adopting lower payment schedules.
our existing products are subject to reimbursement from government agencies and other third parties. pharmaceutical pricing and reimbursement pressures may reduce profitability.
successful commercialization of our products depends, in part, on the availability of governmental and third-party payer reimbursement for the cost of such products and related treatments. government health administration authorities, private health insurers and other organizations generally provide reimbursement. in the united states, the european union and other significant or potentially significant markets for our products and product candidates, government authorities and third-party payers are increasingly attempting to limit or regulate the price of medical products and services, which has resulted in lower average selling prices.
a significant portion of our sales of the majority of our products are subject to significant discounts from list price and rebate obligations. in the united states, state adaps, which purchase a significant portion of our hiv products, rely on federal, supplemental federal and state funding to help fund purchases of our products. in the past, we have experienced a shift in our payer mix for hiv as patients previously covered by private insurance move to public reimbursement programs that require rebates or discounts from us or as patients previously covered by one public reimbursement program move to another public reimbursement program that requires greater rebates or discounts from us. if federal and state funds are not available in amounts sufficient to support the number of patients that rely on adaps, sales of our hiv products could be negatively impacted which would reduce our revenues. in prior quarters, because of the insufficiency of federal and state funds and as many states reduced eligibility criteria, we saw an increase in the number of patients on state adap waitlists, and we may see similar increases in future periods as a result of any reduction in federal and state adap support resulting from the sequestration. until these patients are enrolled in an adap, they generally receive product from industry-supported patient assistance programs or are unable to access treatment. the increased emphasis on managed healthcare in the united states and on country and regional pricing and reimbursement controls in the european union will put additional pressure on product pricing, reimbursement and usage, which may adversely affect our product sales and profitability. these pressures can arise from rules and practices of managed care groups, judicial decisions and governmental laws and regulations related to medicare, medicaid and healthcare reform, pharmaceutical reimbursement policies and pricing in general.
we have also experienced increased pricing pressure in the united states and in certain cases, have provided discounts to private payers in order to obtain formulary status or to expand access for patients to our hcv products. see also our risk factor "a substantial portion of our revenues is derived from sales of products to treat hcv and hiv. if we are unable to maintain or continue increasing sales of these products, our results of operations may be adversely affected."
in july 2014, we received a letter from the u.s. senate committee on finance requesting information and supporting documentation from us related to sovaldi and the pricing of sovaldi in the united states. the letter raised concerns about our approach to pricing sovaldi, its affordability and its impact on federal government spending and public health. we are cooperating with the inquiries. it is both costly and time-consuming for us to comply with these inquiries. we cannot predict the outcome. it is possible that the inquiries could result in negative publicity or other negative actions that could harm our reputation, reduce demand for sovaldi, harvoni or other sofosbuvir containing products and/or reduce coverage of sovaldi, harvoni or other sofosbuvir containing products, including by federal health care programs such as medicare and medicaid. if any or all of these events occur, our business and stock price could be materially and adversely affected.
in countries outside the united states, the success of our commercialized products, and any other product candidates we may develop, will depend largely on obtaining and maintaining government reimbursement, because in many countries patients are unlikely to use prescription drugs that are not reimbursed by their governments. in addition, negotiating prices with certain governmental authorities can delay commercialization by 12 months or more. reimbursement policies may adversely affect our ability to sell our products on a profitable basis. in many international markets, governments control the prices of prescription pharmaceuticals, including through the implementation of reference pricing, price cuts, rebates, revenue-related taxes, tenders and profit control, and they expect prices of prescription pharmaceuticals to decline over the life of the product or as volumes increase.
recently, many countries in the european union have increased the level of discounting required on our products, and these efforts could continue as countries attempt to manage healthcare expenditures, especially in light of the severe fiscal and debt crises experienced by many countries in the european union. some countries have instituted clawbacks and enacted taxes on specific products. as generic drugs come to market, we may face price decreases for our products in some countries in the european union. further, cost containment pressures in the european union, especially in southern europe, could lead to delays in the treatment of patients and also delay pricing approval, which could negatively impact the commercialization of new products.
government agencies also issue regulations and guidelines directly applicable to us and to our products. in addition, from time to time, professional societies, practice management groups, private health/science foundations and organizations publish guidelines or recommendations directed to certain health care and patient communities. such recommendations and guidelines may relate to such matters as product usage, dosage, route of administration, and use of related or competing therapies and can consequently result in increased or decreased usage of our products.
approximately 26% of our product sales occur outside the united states, and currency fluctuations and hedging expenses may cause our earnings to fluctuate, which could adversely affect our stock price.
because a significant percentage of our product sales are denominated in foreign currencies, primarily the euro, we face exposure to adverse movements in foreign currency exchange rates. when the u.s. dollar strengthens against these foreign currencies, the relative value of sales made in the respective foreign currency decreases. conversely, when the u.s. dollar weakens against these currencies, the relative value of such sales increases. overall, we are a net receiver of foreign currencies and, therefore, benefit from a weaker u.s. dollar and are adversely affected by a stronger u.s. dollar relative to those foreign currencies in which we transact significant amounts of business.
we use foreign currency exchange forward and option contracts to hedge a percentage of our forecasted international sales, primarily those denominated in the euro. we also hedge certain monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies, which reduces but does not eliminate our exposure to currency fluctuations between the date a transaction is recorded and the date that cash is collected or paid. we cannot predict future fluctuations in the foreign currency exchange rate of the u.s. dollar. if the u.s. dollar appreciates significantly against certain currencies and our hedging program does not sufficiently offset the effects of such appreciation, our results of operations will be adversely affected and our stock price may decline.
additionally, the expenses that we recognize in relation to our hedging activities can also cause our earnings to fluctuate. the level of hedging expenses that we recognize in a particular period is impacted by the changes in interest rate spreads between the foreign currencies that we hedge and the u.s. dollar.
we face significant competition from large global pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, specialized pharmaceutical firms and generic drug manufacturers.
our hcv products, sovaldi and harvoni, compete with a product marketed by abbvie inc. (abbvie) and janssen r&d ireland's olysio (simeprevir) in the united states.
our hiv products compete primarily with products from viiv healthcare (viiv), which markets fixed-dose combination products that compete with stribild, complera/eviplera, atripla and truvada. for example, lamivudine, marketed by this joint venture, competes with emtricitabine, the active pharmaceutical ingredient of emtriva and a component of complera/eviplera, atripla and truvada. for tybost, we compete with ritonavir marketed by abbvie. in addition, tivicay (dolutegravir), an integrase inhibitor, launched in the fourth quarter of 2013 by viiv, and triumeq, a single-tablet triple-combination antiretroviral regimen, launched in the third quarter of 2014 by viiv, could adversely impact sales of our hiv products.
we also face competition from generic hiv products. in may 2010, the compound patent covering epivir (lamivudine) expired in the united states, and generic lamivudine is now available in the united states, spain, portugal and italy. we expect that generic versions of lamivudine will be launched in other countries within the european union. in may 2011, a generic version of combivir (lamivudine and zidovudine) was approved and was recently launched in the united states. in addition, in late 2011, generic tenofovir also became available in turkey, which resulted in an increase in the rebate for viread in turkey. generic versions of sustiva (efavirenz), a component of our atripla, are now available in canada and europe and we anticipate competition from generic efavirenz to be in the united states in december 2017. we have observed some pricing pressure related to the sustiva component of our atripla sales.
for viread and hepsera for treatment of chronic hepatitis b virus (hbv) infection, we face competition from baraclude (entecavir) marketed by bristol-myers squibb company as well as generic entecavir. our hbv products also compete with tyzeka/sebivo (telbivudine) marketed by novartis pharmaceuticals corporation (novartis).
ambisome competes predominantly with vfend (voriconazole) developed by pfizer and caspofungin, a product developed by merck that is marketed as cancidas in the united states and as caspofungin elsewhere. in addition, we are aware of at least three lipid formulations that claim similarity to ambisome becoming available outside of the united states, including the possible entry of such formulations in taiwan. these formulations may reduce market demand for ambisome. furthermore, the manufacture of lipid formulations of amphotericin b is very complex and if any of these formulations are found to be unsafe, sales of ambisome may be negatively impacted by association.
ranexa competes predominantly with generic compounds from three distinct classes of drugs, beta-blockers, calcium channel blockers and long-acting nitrates for the treatment of chronic angina in the united states.
cayston competes with tobi (tobramycin inhalation solution) marketed by novartis.
in relapsed chronic lymphocytic leukemia, zydelig competes with imbruvica (ibrutinib)‎ marketed by pharmacyclics, inc.
in addition, a number of companies are pursuing the development of technologies which are competitive with our existing products or research programs. these competing companies include specialized pharmaceutical firms and large pharmaceutical companies acting either independently or together with other pharmaceutical companies. furthermore, academic institutions, government agencies and other public and private organizations conducting research may seek patent protection and may establish collaborative arrangements for competitive products or programs. if any of these competitors gain market share on our products, it could adversely affect our results of operations and stock price.
if significant safety issues arise for our marketed products or our product candidates, our future sales may be reduced, which would adversely affect our results of operations.
the data supporting the marketing approvals for our products and forming the basis for the safety warnings in our product labels were obtained in controlled clinical trials of limited duration and, in some cases, from post-approval use. as our products are used over longer periods of time by many patients with underlying health problems, taking numerous other medicines, we expect to continue to find new issues such as safety, resistance or drug interaction issues, which may require us to provide additional warnings or contraindications on our labels or narrow our approved indications, each of which could reduce the market acceptance of these products.
our product letairis, which was approved by the u.s. food and drug administration (fda) in june 2007, is a member of a class of compounds called endothelin receptor antagonists which pose specific risks, including serious risks of birth defects. because of these risks, letairis is available only through the letairis education and access program (leap), a restricted distribution program intended to help physicians and patients learn about the risks associated with the product and assure appropriate use of the product. as the product is used by additional patients, we may discover new risks associated with letairis which may result in changes to the distribution program and additional restrictions on the use of letairis which may decrease demand for the product.
regulatory authorities have been moving towards more active and transparent pharmacovigilance and are making greater amounts of stand-alone safety information and clinical trial data directly available to the public through websites and other means, e.g. periodic safety update report summaries, risk management plan summaries and various adverse event data. safety information, without the appropriate context and expertise, may be misinterpreted and lead to misperception or legal action which may potentially cause our product sales or stock price to decline.
further, if serious safety, resistance or drug interaction issues arise with our marketed products, sales of these products could be limited or halted by us or by regulatory authorities and our results of operations would be adversely affected.
our operations depend on compliance with complex fda and comparable international regulations. failure to obtain broad approvals on a timely basis or to maintain compliance could delay or halt commercialization of our products.
the products we develop must be approved for marketing and sale by regulatory authorities and, once approved, are subject to extensive regulation by the fda, the ema and comparable regulatory agencies in other countries. we are continuing clinical trials for sovaldi, atripla, truvada, harvoni, complera/eviplera, stribild, viread, emtriva, hepsera, tybost, vitekta, letairis, ranexa, cayston and zydelig for currently approved and additional uses. we anticipate that we will file for marketing approval in additional countries and for additional indications and products over the next several years. these products may fail to receive such marketing approvals on a timely basis, or at all.
further, our marketed products and how we manufacture and sell these products are subject to extensive regulation and review. discovery of previously unknown problems with our marketed products or problems with our manufacturing or promotional activities may result in restrictions on our products, including withdrawal of the products from the market. if we fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements, including those related to promotion and manufacturing, we could be subject to penalties including fines, suspensions of regulatory approvals, product recalls, seizure of products and criminal prosecution.
for example, under fda rules, we are often required to conduct post-approval clinical studies to assess a known serious risk, signals of serious risk or to identify an unexpected serious risk and implement a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy for our products, which could include a medication guide, patient package insert, a communication plan to healthcare providers or other elements as the fda deems are necessary to assure safe use of the drug, which could include imposing certain restrictions on the distribution or use of a product. failure to comply with these or other requirements, if imposed on a sponsor by the fda, could result in significant civil monetary penalties and our operating results may be adversely affected.
the results and anticipated timelines of our clinical trials are uncertain and may not support continued development of a product candidate, which would adversely affect our prospects for future revenue growth.
we are required to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of products that we develop for each intended use through extensive preclinical studies and clinical trials. the results from preclinical and early clinical studies do not always accurately predict results in later, large-scale clinical trials. even successfully completed large-scale clinical trials may not result in marketable products. if any of our product candidates fails to achieve its primary endpoint in clinical trials, if safety issues arise or if the results from our clinical trials are otherwise inadequate to support regulatory approval of our product candidates, commercialization of that product candidate could be delayed or halted. for example, we recently announced results from our phase 2 study of simtuzumab for the treatment of pancreatic cancer, myelofibrosis and colorectal cancer showing that the product candidate did not provide clinical benefit. in addition, we may also face challenges in clinical trial protocol design.
if the clinical trials for any of the product candidates in our pipeline are delayed or terminated, our prospects for future revenue growth would be adversely impacted. for example, we face numerous risks and uncertainties with our product candidates, including the fixed-dose combination of sofosbuvir and gs-5816 for hcv; the fixed-dose combination of emtricitabine with taf for hiv; idelalisib for the treatment of indolent non-hodgkin lymphoma and frontline and relapsed refractory chronic lymphocytic leukemia; momelotinib for the treatment of myelofibrosis, ranolazine for the treatment of incomplete revascularization post-percutaneous coronary intervention; gs-6615 for the treatment of lqt-3; and taf as a standalone agent, each currently in phase 3 clinical trials, that could prevent completion of development of these product candidates. these risks include our ability to enroll patients in clinical trials, the possibility of unfavorable results of our clinical trials, the need to modify or delay our clinical trials or to perform additional trials and the risk of failing to obtain fda and other regulatory body approvals. as a result, our product candidates may never be successfully commercialized. further, we may make a strategic decision to discontinue development of our product candidates if, for example, we believe commercialization will be difficult relative to other opportunities in our pipeline. if these programs and others in our pipeline cannot be completed on a timely basis or at all, then our prospects for future revenue growth may be adversely impacted. in addition, clinical trials involving our commercial products could raise new safety issues for our existing products, which could in turn decrease our revenues and harm our business.
due to our reliance on third-party contract research organizations to conduct our clinical trials, we are unable to directly control the timing, conduct, expense and quality of our clinical trials.
we extensively outsource our clinical trial activities and usually perform only a small portion of the start-up activities in-house. we rely on independent third-party contract research organizations (cros) to perform most of our clinical studies, including document preparation, site identification, screening and preparation, pre-study visits, training, program management and bioanalytical analysis. many important aspects of the services performed for us by the cros are out of our direct control. if there is any dispute or disruption in our relationship with our cros, our clinical trials may be delayed. moreover, in our regulatory submissions, we rely on the quality and validity of the clinical work performed by third-party cros. if any of our cros' processes, methodologies or results were determined to be invalid or inadequate, our own clinical data and results and related regulatory approvals could be adversely affected.
we depend on relationships with other companies for sales and marketing performance, development and commercialization of product candidates and revenues. failure to maintain these relationships, poor performance by these companies or disputes with these companies could negatively impact our business.
we rely on a number of significant collaborative relationships with major pharmaceutical companies for our sales and marketing performance in certain territories. these include collaborations with bms for atripla in the united states, europe and canada; f. hoffmann-la roche ltd. (together with hoffmann-la roche inc., roche) for tamiflu worldwide; and gsk for ambrisentan in territories outside of the united states. in some countries, we rely on international distributors for sales of truvada, viread, hepsera, emtriva and ambisome. some of these relationships also involve the clinical development of these products by our partners. reliance on collaborative relationships poses a number of risks, including the risk that:
•   we are unable to control the resources our corporate partners devote to our programs or products;
•   disputes may arise with respect to the ownership of rights to technology developed with our corporate partners;
•   disagreements with our corporate partners could cause delays in, or termination of, the research, development or commercialization of product candidates or result in litigation or arbitration;
•   contracts with our corporate partners may fail to provide significant protection or may fail to be effectively enforced if one of these partners fails to perform;
•   our corporate partners have considerable discretion in electing whether to pursue the development of any additional products and may pursue alternative technologies or products either on their own or in collaboration with our competitors;
•   our corporate partners with marketing rights may choose to pursue competing technologies or to devote fewer resources to the marketing of our products than they do to products of their own development; and
•   our distributors and our corporate partners may be unable to pay us, particularly in light of current economic conditions.
given these risks, there is a great deal of uncertainty regarding the success of our current and future collaborative efforts. if these efforts fail, our product development or commercialization of new products could be delayed or revenues from products could decline.
in addition, letairis and cayston are distributed through third-party specialty pharmacies, which are pharmacies specializing in the dispensing of medications for complex or chronic conditions that may require a high level of patient education and ongoing counseling. the use of specialty pharmacies requires significant coordination with our sales and marketing, medical affairs, regulatory affairs, legal and finance organizations and involves risks, including but not limited to risks that these specialty pharmacies will:
•   not provide us with accurate or timely information regarding their inventories, patient data or safety complaints;
•   not effectively sell or support letairis or cayston;
•   not devote the resources necessary to sell letairis or cayston in the volumes and within the time frames that we expect;
•   not be able to satisfy their financial obligations to us or others; or we also rely on a third party to administer leap, the restricted distribution program designed to support letairis. this third party provides information and education to prescribers and patients on the risks of letairis, confirms insurance coverage and investigates alternative sources of reimbursement or assistance, ensures fulfillment of the risk management requirements mandated for letairis by the fda and coordinates and controls dispensing to patients through the third-party specialty pharmacies. failure of this third party or the specialty pharmacies that distribute letairis to perform as expected may result in regulatory action from the fda or decreased letairis sales, either of which would harm our business.
further, cayston may only be taken by patients using a specific inhalation device that delivers the drug to the lungs of patients. our ongoing distribution of cayston is entirely reliant upon the manufacturer of that device. this manufacturer could encounter other issues with regulatory agencies related to the device or be unable to supply sufficient quantities of this device. in addition, the manufacturer may not be able to provide adequate warranty support for the device after it has been distributed to patients. with respect to distribution of the drug and device to patients, we are reliant on the capabilities of specialty pharmacies. for example, the distribution channel for drug and device is complicated and requires coordination. the reimbursement approval processes associated with both drug and device are similarly complex. if the device manufacturer is unable to obtain reimbursement approval or receives approval at a lower-than-expected price, sales of cayston may be adversely affected. any of the previously described issues may limit the sales of cayston, which would adversely affect our financial results.
our success will depend to a significant degree on our ability to defend our patents and other intellectual property rights both domestically and internationally. we may not be able to obtain effective patents to protect our technologies from use by competitors and patents of other companies could require us to stop using or pay for the use of required technology.
patents and other proprietary rights are very important to our business. our success will depend to a significant degree on our ability to:
•   operate without infringing on the intellectual property of others.
if we have a properly drafted and enforceable patent, it can be more difficult for our competitors to use our technology to create competitive products and more difficult for our competitors to obtain a patent that prevents us from using technology we create. as part of our business strategy, we actively seek patent protection both in the united states and internationally and file additional patent applications, when appropriate, to cover improvements in our compounds, products and technology.
we have a number of u.s. and foreign patents, patent applications and rights to patents related to our compounds, products and technology, but we cannot be certain that issued patents will be enforceable or provide adequate protection or that pending patent applications will result in issued patents. patent applications are confidential for a period of time before a patent is issued. as a result, we may not know if our competitors filed patent applications for technology covered by our pending applications or if we were the first to invent or first to file an application directed toward the technology that is the subject of our patent applications. competitors may have filed patent applications or received patents and may obtain additional patents and proprietary rights that block or compete with our products. in addition, if competitors file patent applications covering our technology, we may have to participate in litigation, interference or other proceedings to determine the right to a patent. litigation, interference or other proceedings are unpredictable and expensive, such that, even if we are ultimately successful, our results of operations may be adversely affected by such events.
patents do not cover the ranolazine compound, the active ingredient of ranexa. instead, when it was discovered that only a sustained-release formulation of ranolazine would achieve therapeutic plasma levels, patents were obtained on those formulations and the characteristic plasma levels they achieve. patents do not cover the active ingredients in ambisome. in addition, we do not have patent filings in china or certain other asian countries covering all forms of adefovir dipivoxil, the active ingredient in hepsera. asia is a major market for therapies for hbv, the indication for which hepsera has been developed.
we may obtain patents for certain products many years before marketing approval is obtained for those products. because patents have a limited life, which may begin to run prior to the commercial sale of the related product, the commercial value of the patent may be limited. however, we may be able to apply for patent term extensions or supplementary protection certificates in some countries.
generic manufacturers have sought, and may continue to seek, fda approval to market generic versions of our products through an abbreviated new drug application (anda), the application form typically used by manufacturers seeking approval of a generic drug. see a description of our anda litigation in "legal proceedings" beginning on page 47 and risk factor entitled "litigation with generic manufacturers has increased our expenses which may continue to reduce our earnings. if we are unsuccessful in all or some of these lawsuits, some or all of our claims in the patents may be narrowed or invalidated and generic versions of our products could be launched prior to our patent expiry." beginning on page 42.
our success depends in large part on our ability to operate without infringing upon the patents or other proprietary rights of third parties.
if we infringe the valid patents of third parties, we may be prevented from commercializing products or may be required to obtain licenses from these third parties. we may not be able to obtain alternative technologies or any required license on reasonable terms or at all. if we fail to obtain these licenses or alternative technologies, we may be unable to develop or commercialize some or all of our products. for example, we are aware of patents that may relate to our operation of leap, our restricted distribution program designed to support letairis and we are aware of patents and patent applications owned by other parties that may claim to cover the use of sofosbuvir. see a description of our litigation regarding sofosbuvir in the risk factor entitled "if any party is successful in establishing exclusive rights to sovaldi and/or harvoni, our expected revenues and earnings from the sale of sovaldi and/or harvoni could be adversely affected" beginning on page 38.
furthermore, we also rely on unpatented trade secrets and improvements, unpatented internal know-how and technological innovation. in particular, a great deal of our liposomal manufacturing expertise, which is a key component of our liposomal technology, is not covered by patents but is instead protected as a trade secret. we protect these rights mainly through confidentiality agreements with our corporate partners, employees, consultants and vendors. these agreements provide that all confidential information developed or made known to an individual during the course of their relationship with us will be kept confidential and will not be used or disclosed to third parties except in specified circumstances. in the case of employees, the agreements provide that all inventions made by an individual while employed by us will be our exclusive property. we cannot be certain that these parties will comply with these confidentiality agreements, that we have adequate remedies for any breach or that our trade secrets will not otherwise become known or be independently discovered by our competitors. under some of our r&d agreements, inventions become jointly owned by us and our corporate partner and in other cases become the exclusive property of one party. in certain circumstances, it can be difficult to determine who owns a particular invention and disputes could arise regarding those inventions. if our trade secrets or confidential information become known or independently discovered by competitors or if we enter into disputes over ownership of inventions, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected.
if any party is successful in establishing exclusive rights to sovaldi and/or harvoni, our expected revenues and earnings from the sale of sovaldi and/or harvoni could be adversely affected.
we own patents and patent applications that claim sofosbuvir (sovaldi) as a chemical entity and its metabolites and the fixed-dose combination of ledipasvir and sofosbuvir (harvoni). third parties may have, or may obtain rights to, patents that allegedly could be used to prevent or attempt to prevent us from commercializing sovaldi or harvoni. for example, we are aware of patents and patent applications owned by other parties that may be alleged by such parties to cover the use of sovaldi and harvoni. we cannot predict the ultimate outcome of intellectual property claims related to sovaldi or harvoni, and we have spent, and will continue to spend, significant resources defending against these claims. if these parties successfully obtain valid and enforceable patents, and successfully prove infringement of those patents by sovaldi and/or harvoni, we could be prevented from selling sofosbuvir unless we were able to obtain a license under such patents. such a license may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all.
in february 2012, we received notice that the u.s. patent and trademark office (uspto) had declared interference no. 105,871 (first idenix interference) between our u.s. patent no. 7,429,572 (the '572 patent) and idenix's pending u.s. patent application no. 12/131,868. an interference is an administrative proceeding before the uspto designed to determine who was the first to invent the subject matter claimed by both parties. our patent covers metabolites of sofosbuvir. idenix is attempting to patent a class of compounds, including these metabolites. the purpose of the first idenix interference was to determine who was first to invent these compounds and therefore who is entitled to the patent claiming these compounds. in march 2013, the uspto patent trial and appeal board (the board) determined that idenix is not entitled to the benefit of any of its early application filing dates because none of those patent applications, including the application granted as idenix's u.s. patent no. 7,608,600 (the '600 patent), taught how to make the compounds in dispute. the board also determined that because we are entitled to the filing date of our earliest application, we were first to file the patent application on the compounds in dispute, and we were therefore the "senior party" in the first idenix interference. on january 29, 2014, the board determined that pharmasset and not idenix was the first to invent the compounds in dispute and accordingly gilead prevailed in the first idenix interference. in its decision, the board held that idenix failed to prove that it was first to conceive of any of the compounds in dispute. specifically, idenix failed to prove that the idenix inventors had identified the structure, a method of making and a use for any of the disputed compounds. the board went on to conclude that idenix failed to work diligently toward making and testing the compounds in dispute during the relevant time period. idenix has appealed the board's decisions to the u.s. district court for the district of delaware.
in december 2013, after receiving our request to do so, the uspto declared interference no. 105,981 (second idenix interference) between our pending u.s. patent application no. 11/854,218 and the '600 patent. the '600 patent includes claims directed to methods of treating hcv with nucleoside compounds similar to those which were involved in the first idenix interference. the second idenix interference will determine who was first to invent the claimed methods of treating hcv. on january 16, 2015 the board issued a decision in favor of gilead in the first phase of the second idenix interference. the board decided that we were first to file the patent application on the disputed methods of treating hcv, designated gilead as the senior party in the second idenix interference, and invalidated the patent claims of the idenix '600 patent that are involved in the second idenix interference. as the senior party, we are presumed to be the first to have invented the disputed methods of treating hcv. because idenix failed to teach how to make and use the invention in its '600 patent, the board invalidated the idenix claims involved in the second idenix interference for lack of enablement. the board has also placed idenix under an order to show cause requiring idenix to explain why judgment should not be entered against it in the second idenix interference based upon the decision by the board in the first idenix interference. the decision in the second idenix interference is consistent with the board's earlier rulings in march 2013 and january 2014 in the first idenix interference in which gilead was declared the senior party and the first to invent certain 2'-fluoro, methyl nucleoside compounds. these compounds are relevant to the methods of treating hcv at issue in the second idenix interference.
we believe that the idenix claims involved in the first and second idenix interferences, and similar u.s. and foreign patents claiming the same compounds, metabolites and uses thereof, are invalid. as a result, we filed an impeachment action in the federal court of canada to invalidate idenix canadian patent no. 2,490,191 (the '191 patent), which is the canadian patent that corresponds to the '600 patent and the idenix patent application that was the subject of the first idenix interference. idenix has asserted that the commercialization of sovaldi in canada will infringe its '191 patent and that our canadian patent no. 2,527,657, corresponding to the '572 patent involved in the first idenix interference, is invalid. a trial on these issues commenced in january 2015.
we filed a similar legal action in norway in the oslo district court seeking to invalidate idenix's norwegian patent corresponding to the '600 patent. in september 2013, idenix filed an invalidation action in the norwegian proceedings against our norwegian patent no. 333700 patent, which corresponds to the '572 patent. on march 21, 2014, the norwegian court found all claims in the idenix norwegian patent to be invalid and upheld the validity of all claims in the challenged gilead patent. on april 30, 2014, idenix appealed the march 21, 2014 decision to the norwegian court of appeal. idenix's obligation to pay our attorneys' fees will be stayed during the pendency of the appeal. the appeal from the march 2014 decision is scheduled to commence in february 2016.
in august 2013 and april 2014, idenix filed two separate requests for invalidation with the chinese patent office of our chinese patent cn zl200480019148.4, which corresponds to our '572 patent. in august 2014 idenix withdrew its invalidation requests and the chinese proceedings were terminated with our challenged patent remaining valid and enforceable.
in january 2013, we filed a legal action in the federal court of australia seeking to invalidate idenix's australian patent corresponding to the '600 patent. in april 2013, idenix asserted that the commercialization of sovaldi in australia will infringe the australian patent corresponding to the '600 patent. a trial on these issues is scheduled to commence in september
2015 in sydney. on march 12, 2014 the european patent office (epo) granted idenix european patent no. 1 523 489 (the '489 patent), which corresponds to the '600 patent. the same day that the '489 patent granted, we filed an opposition with the epo seeking to revoke the '489 patent. also on that day, idenix initiated infringement proceedings against gilead in the united kingdom (uk), germany and france alleging that the commercialization of sovaldi in those countries would infringe the respective national counterparts of the '489 patent. in the united kingdom, a trial was held in october 2014 to determine the issues of infringement and validity of the idenix uk patent. in december 2014, the high court of justice of england and wales (uk court) invalidated all claims of the '489 patent on multiple grounds. specifically, the uk court held that the '489 patent lacked novelty over our earlier filed patent application teaching some of the same compounds, the '489 patent lacked an inventive step because it did not add anything to the knowledge existing at the time and the disclosure in the idenix's patent application was insufficient because it did not teach how to make the compounds or show which of the claimed compounds would have activity against viruses like the hepatitis c virus. on january 22, 2015, the uk court held a hearing at which the court ordered idenix to pay 92% of gilead's costs, with an interim payment due within 28 days of the hearing. the uk court granted idenix permission to appeal the december 1, 2014 judgment. on february 3, 2015, the german court in düsseldorf held a hearing to determine the issue of infringement of the idenix german patent. we do not have a trial date for the french lawsuit.
idenix has not been awarded patents corresponding to the '600 patent in japan or china. in the event such patents issue, we expect to challenge them in proceedings similar to those we invoked in other countries.
in december 2013, idenix, universita degli studi di cagliari (udsg), centre national de la recherche scientifique and l'université montpellier ii sued us in u.s. district court for the district of delaware alleging that the commercialization of sofosbuvir will infringe the '600 patent and that an interference exists between the '600 patent and our u.s. patent no. 8,415,322. also in december 2013, idenix and udsg sued us in the u.s. district court for the district of massachusetts alleging that the commercialization of sofosbuvir will infringe u.s. patent nos. 6,914,054 and 7,608,597. on june 30, 2014, the court in massachusetts granted our request and transferred the massachusetts litigation to the u.s. district court for the district of delaware. we believe that idenix's patents are invalid and would not be infringed by our commercialization of sofosbuvir and that we have the sole right to commercialize sofosbuvir. the district court has set trial dates in october 2016 and december 2016 for resolution of these issues. a decision by the district court can be appealed by either party to the u.s. court of appeals for the federal circuit (cafc).
idenix was acquired by merck in august 2014. while the acquisition does not change our view of the lack of merit in the claims made by idenix, merck has greater resources than idenix and may therefore choose to fund the litigation at higher levels than idenix.
litigation with merck in august 2013, merck contacted us requesting that we pay royalties on the sales of sofosbuvir and obtain a license to u.s. patent nos. 7,105,499 and 8,481,712, which it co-owns with isis pharmaceuticals, inc. we believe that merck's patents are invalid and would not be infringed by our commercialization of sofosbuvir and that we have the sole right to commercialize sofosbuvir. accordingly, in august 2013, we filed a lawsuit in the u.s. district court for the northern district of california seeking a declaratory judgment that the merck patents are invalid and not infringed. merck's u.s. patent nos. 7,105,499 and 8,481,712 cover compounds which do not include, but may relate to, sofosbuvir. during patent prosecution, merck amended its patent application in an attempt to cover compounds related to sofosbuvir and ultimately extract royalty payments for sofosbuvir's commercialization, or to exclude it from the market. if the court determines that merck's patents are valid and that we have infringed those claims, we may be required to obtain a license from and pay royalties to merck to commercialize sofosbuvir. either party can appeal a decision by the district court to the cafc. the court has set a trial date of march 7, 2016 for this litigation.
litigation with abbvie abbvie has obtained u.s. patent nos. 8,466,159, 8,492,386, 8,680,106, 8,685,984 and 8,809,265 (abbvie patents), which purport to cover the use of a combination of ledipasvir/sofosbuvir (or harvoni) for the treatment of hcv. we are aware that abbvie has pending patent applications in other countries. we own published and pending patent applications directed to the use of combinations for the treatment of hcv, and, specifically, to the combination of ledipasvir and sofosbuvir. certain of those applications were filed before the abbvie patents. for this reason and others, we believe the abbvie patents are invalid.
accordingly, in december 2013, we filed a lawsuit in the u.s. district court for the district of delaware seeking declaratory judgment that the abbvie patents are invalid and unenforceable, as well as other relief. we believe that abbott laboratories, inc. and abbvie conspired to eliminate competition in the hcv market by falsely representing to the uspto that they, and not gilead, invented methods of treating hcv using a combination of ledipasvir/sofosbuvir. in february and march 2014, abbvie responded to our lawsuit by filing two lawsuits also in the u.s. district court for the district of delaware alleging that our fixed-dose combination of ledipasvir/sofosbuvir will infringe its patents. all of those lawsuits have been consolidated into a single action. either party can appeal a decision by the district court to the cafc. the abbvie patents have not blocked or delayed the commercialization of our combination product in the united states, and we do not expect any other foreign patents to block or delay the commercialization around the world. if a court determines that the abbvie patents are valid and that we have infringed those claims, we may be required to obtain a license from and pay royalties to abbvie to commercialize sofosbuvir combination products.
manufacturing problems, including at our third-party manufacturers and corporate partners, could cause inventory shortages and delay product shipments and regulatory approvals, which may adversely affect our results of operations.
in order to generate revenue from our products, we must be able to produce sufficient quantities of our products to satisfy demand. many of our products are the result of complex manufacturing processes. the manufacturing process for pharmaceutical products is also highly regulated and regulators may shut down manufacturing facilities that they believe do not comply with regulations.
our products are either manufactured at our own facilities or by third-party manufacturers or corporate partners. we depend on third parties to perform manufacturing activities effectively and on a timely basis for the majority of our solid dose products. in addition, roche, either by itself or through third parties, is responsible for manufacturing tamiflu. we, our third-party manufacturers and our corporate partners are subject to good manufacturing practices (gmp), which are extensive regulations governing manufacturing processes, stability testing, record keeping and quality standards as defined by the fda and the ema. similar regulations are in effect in other countries.
our third-party manufacturers and corporate partners are independent entities who are subject to their own unique operational and financial risks which are out of our control. if we or any of these third-party manufacturers or corporate partners fail to perform as required, this could impair our ability to deliver our products on a timely basis or receive royalties or cause delays in our clinical trials and applications for regulatory approval. further, we may have to write-off the costs of manufacturing any batch that fails to pass quality inspection or meet regulatory approval. to the extent these risks materialize and affect their performance obligations to us, our financial results may be adversely affected.
in addition, we, our third-party manufacturers and our corporate partners may only be able to produce some of our products at one or a limited number of facilities and, therefore, have limited manufacturing capacity for certain products. for example, in 2012, due to unexpected delays both in qualifying two new external sites and with expanding cayston manufacturing in san dimas, we were unable to supply enough cayston to fulfill our projected demand. from february through september 2012, we suspended access for patients with new prescriptions for cayston, subject to certain exceptions where specific medical need existed. as a result of our inability to manufacture sufficient cayston to meet demand, the amount of revenues we received from the sale of cayston was reduced.
our manufacturing operations are subject to routine inspections by regulatory agencies. for example, in april 2013, the fda conducted an inspection of our foster city facility and issued form 483 inspectional observations, which noted deficiencies in documentation and validation of certain quality testing procedures and methods. as a result of the observations, the fda delivered complete response letters notifying us that it was unable to approve our ndas for elvitegravir and cobicistat as standalone agents. in mid-october 2013, the fda completed its sofosbuvir pre-approval inspection of our foster city facility. following that inspection, the fda issued additional form 483 inspectional observations citing deficiencies related to testing and reconciliation of stability samples, testing protocols, testing of shipping samples, and procedures for calibrating test equipment. we completed and filed our responses to these observations with the fda. in 2014, we received a letter from fda related to the extent of method revalidations being conducted, stability program oversight, audit trail review/data management and quality management system gaps. we have filed our responses to these observations with the fda. if we are unable to remedy the deficiencies cited by the fda in these inspections, our currently marketed products and the timing of regulatory approval of products in development could be adversely affected. further, there is risk that regulatory agencies in other countries where marketing applications are pending will undertake similar additional reviews or apply a heightened standard of review, which could delay the regulatory approvals for products in those countries. if approval of any of our product candidates were delayed or if production of our marketed products was interrupted, our anticipated revenues and our stock price would be adversely affected.
we need access to certain supplies and products to conduct our clinical trials and to manufacture our products. if we are unable to purchase sufficient quantities of these materials or find suitable alternate materials in a timely manner, our development efforts for our product candidates may be delayed or our ability to manufacture our products would be limited, which would limit our ability to generate revenues.
suppliers of key components and materials must be named in an nda filed with the fda, ema or other regulatory authority for any product candidate for which we are seeking marketing approval, and significant delays can occur if the qualification of a new supplier is required. even after a manufacturer is qualified by the regulatory authority, the manufacturer must continue to expend time, money and effort in the area of production and quality control to ensure full compliance with gmp. manufacturers are subject to regular, periodic inspections by the regulatory authorities following initial approval. if, as a result of these inspections, a regulatory authority determines that the equipment, facilities, laboratories or processes do not comply with applicable regulations and conditions of product approval, the regulatory authority may suspend the manufacturing operations. if the manufacturing operations of any of the single suppliers for our products are suspended, we may be unable to generate sufficient quantities of commercial or clinical supplies of product to meet market demand, which would in turn decrease our revenues and harm our business. in addition, if delivery of material from our suppliers were interrupted for any reason, we may be unable to ship certain of our products for commercial supply or to supply our products in development for clinical trials. in addition, some of our products and the materials that we utilize in our operations are made at only one facility. for example, we manufacture certain drug product intermediates utilized in ambisome exclusively at our facilities in san dimas, california. in the event of a disaster, including an earthquake, equipment failure or other difficulty, we may be unable to replace this manufacturing capacity in a timely manner and may be unable to manufacture ambisome to meet market needs.
in addition, we depend on a single supplier for high-quality cholesterol and active pharmaceutical ingredient, which is used in the manufacture of ambisome. we also rely on a single source for the active pharmaceutical ingredient of zydelig letairis. astellas us llc, which markets lexiscan in the united states, is responsible for the commercial manufacture and supply of product in the united states and is dependent on a single supplier for the active pharmaceutical ingredient of lexiscan. problems with any of the single suppliers we depend on may negatively impact our development and commercialization efforts.
a significant portion of the raw materials and intermediates used to manufacture our antiviral products (sovaldi, atripla, truvada, harvoni, complera/eviplera, stribild, viread, emtriva and tybost) are supplied by china-based companies. as a result, an international trade dispute between china and the united states or any other actions by the chinese government that would limit or prevent chinese companies from supplying these materials would adversely affect our ability to manufacture and supply our antiviral products to meet market needs and have a material and adverse effect on our operating results.
litigation with generic manufacturers has increased our expenses which may continue to reduce our earnings. if we are unsuccessful in all or some of these lawsuits, some or all of our claims in the patents may be narrowed or invalidated and generic versions of our products could be launched prior to our patent expiry.
as part of the approval process for some of our products, the fda granted us a new chemical entity (nce) exclusivity period during which other manufacturers' applications for approval of generic versions of our product will not be approved. generic manufacturers may challenge the patents protecting products that have been granted nce exclusivity one year prior to the end of the nce exclusivity period. generic manufacturers have sought and may continue to seek fda approval for a similar or identical drug through an anda, the application form typically used by manufacturers seeking approval of a generic drug. current legal proceedings of significance with some of our generic manufacturers include:
mylan in april 2014, we received notice that mylan inc. (mylan) submitted an anda to the fda requesting permission to manufacture and market a generic version of truvada. in the notice, mylan alleges that two of the patents associated with emtricitabine and one of our patents associated with the fixed-dose combination of emtricitabine with tenofovir disoproxil fumarate are invalid, unenforceable and/or will not be infringed by mylan's manufacture, use or sale of a generic version of truvada. in june 2014, we filed a lawsuit against mylan in u.s. district court for the northern district of west virginia for infringement of our patents. in june 2014, we received notice that mylan inc. submitted petitions for inter partes review (ipr) to the board alleging that four patents associated with tenofovir disoproxil fumarate are invalid. we opposed mylan's petitions. in december 2014, the ptab issued decisions denying each of mylan's petitions for ipr against the tenofovir disoproxil fumarate-associated patents on the grounds that mylan had not established a reasonable likelihood of success that it would prevail in its challenge to each of these patents. mylan has requested a rehearing on the basis that it believes the ptab decision is wrong.
apotex in june 2014, we received notice that apotex inc. (apotex) submitted an abbreviated new drug submission (ands) to the canadian minister of health requesting permission to manufacture and market a generic fixed-dose combination of emtricitabine and tenofovir disoproxil fumarate and a separate ands requesting permission to manufacture and market a generic version of viread. in the notice, apotex alleges that three of the patents associated with truvada and two of the patents associated with viread are invalid, unenforceable and/or will not be infringed by apotex's manufacture, use or sale of a generic version of truvada or viread. in august 2014, we filed a lawsuit against apotex in the federal court of canada seeking an order of prohibition against approval of this ands.
natco in march 2011, we and f. hoffmann-la roche ltd. (roche) filed a lawsuit against natco pharma ltd. (natco) in u.s. district court for the district of new jersey for infringement of one of the patents associated with tamiflu. in december 2012, the court issued a ruling in favor of gilead and roche, that our patent is not invalid for the reason stated in natco's notice letter. natco has appealed this decision to the cafc. in april 2014, the cafc issued a decision which will allow natco's patent invalidity challenge to proceed if the case is remanded to the district court for a full trial on the merits. on june 30, 2014, we filed a petition for rehearing en banc with the cafc, which was subsequently denied. we have submitted a request for an extension of time to submit our petition for certiorari to the supreme court of the united states and are concurrently proceeding before the district court.
teva in august 2012, teva pharmaceuticals (teva) filed an impeachment action in the federal court of canada seeking invalidation of our two canadian patents associated with viread. in september 2013, a hearing on the consolidated requests for orders of prohibition in connection with all three of teva's ands filings to the canadian minister of health (for teva's generic versions of viread, truvada, and atripla) took place. in december 2013, the court issued our requested order prohibiting the canadian ministry of health from issuing a notice of compliance for teva's generic versions of our viread, truvada, and atripla products until expiry of our patent in july 2017. teva appealed the decision of the court prohibiting the minister of heath from issuing the notices of compliance until expiry of our patent in july 2017. this decision did not rule on the validity of the patents and accordingly the only issue on appeal is whether the minister of health should be prohibited from issuing the notices of compliance for teva's products. separately, the court will determine the validity of the patents in the pending impeachment action. a trial in the impeachment action is scheduled for september 2016. if teva is successful in invalidating our patents, teva may be able to launch generic versions of our viread, truvada and atripla products in canada prior to the expiry of our patents.
watson in february 2015, we received notice that watson laboratories, inc. (watson) submitted an anda to the fda requesting permission to manufacture and market a generic version of letairis. in the notice, watson alleges that one of the patents associated with ambrisentan tablets is invalid, unenforceable and/or will not be infringed by watson's manufacture, use or sale of a generic version of letairis. we are currently evaluating watson's notice and will file a patent infringement lawsuit as necessary to protect the exclusivity of the product.
astellas/apotex in december 2014, astellas informed us that they had received notice that apotex submitted an anda to the fda requesting permission to manufacture and market a generic version of lexiscan. in the notice, apotex alleges that one of the patents associated with regadenoson is invalid, unenforceable and/or will not be infringed by apotex's manufacture, use or sale of a generic version of lexiscan. because apotex has not challenged several of the patents associated with regadenoson, apotex product would not be eligible for final approval until expiry of the patents that have not been challenged. we and astellas have the opportunity to file a patent infringement lawsuit against apotex in the future should we decide that it is necessary to protect the exclusivity of the product.
we cannot predict the ultimate outcome of the foregoing actions and other litigation with generic manufacturers, and we may spend significant resources enforcing and defending these patents. if we are unsuccessful in these lawsuits, some or all of our original claims in the patents may be narrowed or invalidated and the patent protection for truvada, viread and tamiflu in the united states and atripla, truvada and viread in canada could be substantially shortened. further, if all of the patents covering one or more products are invalidated, the fda or canadian minister of health could approve the requests to manufacture a generic version of such products in the united states or canada, respectively, prior to the expiration date of those patents. the sale of generic versions of these products earlier than their patent expiration would have a significant negative effect on our revenues and results of operations.
we face credit risks from our emerging market and southern european customers that may adversely affect our results of operations.
we have exposure to customer credit risks in emerging markets and southern europe. southern european product sales to government-owned or supported customers in southern europe, specifically spain, italy, portugal and greece have historically been and continue to be subject to significant payment delays due to government funding and reimbursement practices. this has resulted and may continue to result in days sales outstanding being significantly higher in these countries due to the average length of time that accounts receivable remain outstanding. as of december 31, 2014, our accounts receivable in these countries totaled approximately $504 million of which $157 million were past due greater than 120 days and $44 million were past due greater than 365 days.
historically, receivable balances with certain publicly-owned hospitals accumulate over a period of time and are then subsequently settled as large lump sum payments. this pattern is also experienced by other pharmaceutical companies that sell directly to hospitals. if significant changes were to occur in the reimbursement practices of these european governments or if government funding becomes unavailable, we may not be able to collect on amounts due to us from these customers and our results of operations would be adversely affected.
prices for our products are based on local market economics and competition and sometimes differ from country to country. our sales in countries with relatively higher prices may be reduced if products can be imported into those or other countries from lower price markets. there have been cases in which other pharmaceutical products were sold at steeply discounted prices in the developing world and then re-exported to european countries where they could be re-sold at much higher prices. if this happens with our products, particularly truvada and viread, which we have agreed to make available at substantially reduced prices to more than 125 countries participating in our gilead access program, or atripla, which merck distributes at substantially reduced prices to hiv infected patients in developing countries under our 2006 agreement, our revenues would be adversely affected. in addition, we have established partnerships with india-based generic manufacturers to distribute generic versions of tenofovir disoproxil fumarate to 112 developing world countries, including india. we expanded these agreements to include rights to stribild, tybost and vitekta. we also entered into agreements with certain india-based generic manufacturers to produce and distribute generic emtricitabine in the developing world, including single tablet regimens containing emtricitabine and fixed-dose combinations of emtricitabine co-formulated with our other hiv medicines. in september 2014, we entered into licensing agreements with india-based generic manufacturers to produce and distribute generic sofosbuvir and the fixed-dose combination of ledipasvir/sofosbuvir to 91 developing countries. if generic versions of our hiv and hcv medications under these licenses are then re-exported to the united states, europe or other markets outside of these 112 countries, our revenues would be adversely affected. as part of our commitment to make sovaldi available in the developing world at discounted prices, we entered into an agreement to make sovaldi available in egypt, a country that has among the highest hcv prevalence in the world. if the discounted sovaldi is re-exported from these developing countries into the united states or other higher price markets, our revenues could be adversely affected.
in addition, purchases of our products in countries where our selling prices are relatively low for resale in countries in which our selling prices are relatively high may adversely impact our revenues and gross margin and may cause our sales to fluctuate from quarter to quarter. for example, in the european union, we are required to permit products purchased in one country to be sold in another country. purchases of our products in countries where our selling prices are relatively low for resale in countries in which our selling prices are relatively high can affect the inventory level held by our wholesalers and can cause the relative sales levels in the various countries to fluctuate from quarter to quarter and not reflect the actual consumer demand in any given quarter. these quarterly fluctuations may impact our earnings, which could adversely affect our stock price and harm our business.
we are involved in a number of litigation, investigation and other dispute-related matters that require us to expend substantial internal and financial resources. we expect these matters will continue to require a high level of internal and financial resources for the foreseeable future. these matters have reduced and will continue to reduce our earnings. please see a description of our litigation regarding sofosbuvir and litigation with generic manufacturers in "legal proceedings" beginning on page 47. the outcome of such lawsuits or any other lawsuits that may be brought against us, the investigation or any other investigations that may be initiated, are inherently uncertain, and adverse developments or outcomes can result in significant expenses, monetary damages, penalties or injunctive relief against us that could significantly reduce our earnings and cash flows and harm our business.
in a number of developing countries, government officials and other interested groups have suggested that pharmaceutical companies should make drugs for hcv or hiv infection available at low cost. alternatively, governments in those developing countries could require that we grant compulsory licenses to allow competitors to manufacture and sell their own versions of our products, thereby reducing our product sales. for example, there is growing attention on the availability of hcv therapies and some activists are advocating for the increased availability of hcv therapies through means including compulsory licenses. in the past, certain offices of the government of brazil have expressed concern over the affordability of our hiv products and declared that they were considering issuing compulsory licenses to permit the manufacture of otherwise patented products for hiv infection, including viread. in addition, concerns over the cost and availability of tamiflu related to a potential avian flu pandemic and h1n1 influenza generated international discussions over compulsory licensing of our tamiflu patents. for example, the canadian government considered allowing canadian manufacturers to manufacture and export the active ingredient in tamiflu to eligible developing and least developed countries under canada's access to medicines regime. furthermore, roche issued voluntary licenses to permit third-party manufacturing of tamiflu. for example, roche granted a sublicense to shanghai pharmaceutical (group) co., ltd. for china and a sublicense to india's hetero drugs limited for india and certain developing countries. if compulsory licenses permit generic manufacturing to override our product patents for sovaldi, harvoni, our hiv products or tamiflu, or if we are required to grant compulsory licenses for these products, it could reduce our earnings and cash flows and harm our business.
in addition, certain countries do not permit enforcement of our patents, and third-party manufacturers are able to sell generic versions of our products in those countries. for example, in july 2009, the brazilian patent authority rejected our patent application for tenofovir disoproxil fumarate, the active pharmaceutical ingredient in viread. this was the highest level of appeal available to us within the brazilian patent authority. because we do not currently have a patent in brazil, the brazilian government now purchases its supply of tenofovir disoproxil fumarate from generic manufacturers. sales of generic versions of our products could significantly reduce our sales and adversely affect our results of operations, particularly if generic versions of our products are imported into territories where we have existing commercial sales.
we may face significant liability resulting from our products that may not be covered by insurance and successful claims could materially reduce our earnings.
the testing, manufacturing, marketing and use of our commercial products, as well as product candidates in development, involve substantial risk of product liability claims. these claims may be made directly by consumers, healthcare providers, pharmaceutical companies or others. in recent years, coverage and availability of cost-effective product liability insurance has decreased, so we may be unable to maintain sufficient coverage for product liabilities that may arise. in addition, the cost to defend lawsuits or pay damages for product liability claims may exceed our coverage. if we are unable to maintain adequate coverage or if claims exceed our coverage, our financial condition and our ability to clinically test our product candidates and market our products will be adversely affected. in addition, negative publicity associated with any claims, regardless of their merit, may decrease the future demand for our products and impair our financial condition.
business disruptions from natural or man-made disasters may harm our future revenues.
our worldwide operations could be subject to business interruptions stemming from natural or man-made disasters for which we may be self-insured. our corporate headquarters and fremont locations, which together house a majority of our r&d activities, and our san dimas and oceanside manufacturing facilities are located in california, a seismically active region. as we do not carry earthquake insurance and significant recovery time could be required to resume operations, our financial condition and operating results could be materially adversely affected in the event of a major earthquake.
we are dependent on information technology systems, infrastructure and data.
we are dependent upon information technology systems, infrastructure and data. the multitude and complexity of our computer systems make them inherently vulnerable to service interruption or destruction, malicious intrusion and random attack. likewise, data privacy or security breaches by employees or others may pose a risk that sensitive data, including our intellectual property, trade secrets or personal information of our employees, patients, customers or other business partners may be exposed to unauthorized persons or to the public. cyberattacks are increasing in their frequency, sophistication and intensity. cyberattacks could include the deployment of harmful malware, denial-of-service, social engineering and other means to affect service reliability and threaten data confidentiality, integrity and availability. our business partners face similar risks and any security breach of their systems could adversely affect our security posture. while we have invested, and continue to invest, in the protection of our data and information technology infrastructure, there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent service interruptions, or identify breaches in our systems, that could adversely affect our business and operations and/or result in the loss of critical or sensitive information, which could result in financial, legal, business or reputational harm to us. in addition, our liability insurance may not be sufficient in type or amount to cover us against claims related to security breaches, cyberattacks and other related breaches.
changes in our effective income tax rate could reduce our earnings.
we are subject to income taxes in both the united states and various foreign jurisdictions including ireland. due to economic and political conditions various countries are actively considering changes to existing tax laws. we cannot predict the form or timing of potential legislative changes that could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. in addition, significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. various factors may have favorable or unfavorable effects on our income tax rate including, but not limited to, changes in forecasted demand for our hcv products, our portion of the non-tax deductible bpd fee (also known as the pharmaceutical excise tax), the accounting for stock options and other share-based awards, mergers and acquisitions, the ability to manufacture product in our cork, ireland facility, the amortization of certain acquisition related intangibles for which we receive no tax benefit, expiration of the federal research tax credit, future levels of r&d spending, changes in the mix of earnings in the various tax jurisdictions in which we operate, changes in overall levels of pre-tax earnings and resolution of federal, state and foreign income tax audits. the impact on our income tax provision resulting from the above mentioned factors may be significant and could have a negative impact on our consolidated results of operations.
our income tax returns are audited by federal, state and foreign tax authorities. we are currently under examination by the internal revenue service for the 2010, 2011 and 2012 tax years and by various state and foreign jurisdictions. there are differing interpretations of tax laws and regulations, and as a result, significant disputes may arise with these tax authorities involving issues of the timing and amount of deductions and allocations of income among various tax jurisdictions. resolution of one or more of these exposures in any reporting period could have a material impact on the results of operations for that period.
if we fail to attract and retain highly qualified personnel, we may be unable to successfully develop new product candidates, conduct our clinical trials and commercialize our product candidates.
our future success will depend in large part on our continued ability to attract and retain highly qualified scientific, technical and management personnel, as well as personnel with expertise in clinical testing, governmental regulation and commercialization. we face competition for personnel from other companies, universities, public and private research institutions, government entities and other organizations. competition for qualified personnel in the biopharmaceutical field is intense, and there is a limited pool of qualified potential employees to recruit. we may not be able to attract and retain quality personnel on acceptable terms. if we are unsuccessful in our recruitment and retention efforts, our business may be harmed.
in february 2015, we announced that our board of directors authorized a dividend program under which we intend to pay quarterly dividends of $0.43 per share, beginning in the second quarter of 2015, subject to quarterly declarations by our board of directors and that our board of directors also approved the repurchase of up to an additional $15.0 billion of our common stock. the declaration, amount and timing of such dividends and/or the amount and timing of such stock repurchases are subject to capital availability and determinations by our board of directors that cash dividends and/or stock repurchases are in the best interest of our stockholders and are in compliance with all respective laws and our agreements applicable to the declaration and payment of cash dividends and the repurchase of stock. our ability to pay dividends and/or repurchase stock will depend upon, among other factors, our cash balances and potential future capital requirements for strategic transactions, including acquisitions, debt service requirements, results of operations, financial condition and other factors beyond our control that our board of directors may deem relevant. a reduction in or elimination of our dividend payments, our dividend program and/or stock repurchases could have a negative effect on our stock price.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (md&a) is intended to help the reader understand our results of operations and financial condition. md&a is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our audited consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements and other disclosures included in this annual report on form 10-k (including the disclosures under item 1a, risk factors). our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles and are presented in u.s. dollars.
management overview gilead sciences, inc. (gilead, we or us), incorporated in delaware on june 22, 1987, is a research-based biopharmaceutical company that discovers, develops and commercializes innovative medicines in areas of unmet medical need. with each new discovery and investigational drug candidate, we strive to transform and simplify care for people with life-threatening illnesses around the world. gilead's primary areas of focus include human immunodeficiency virus (hiv), liver diseases such as chronic hepatitis c virus (hcv) infection and chronic hepatitis b virus (hbv) infection, oncology and inflammation, and serious cardiovascular and respiratory conditions. we have operations in more than 30 countries worldwide, with headquarters in foster city, california. we continue to add to our existing portfolio of products through our internal discovery and clinical development programs and through a product acquisition and in-licensing strategy.
our portfolio of marketed products includes sovaldi®, atripla®, truvada®, harvoni®, complera®/eviplera®, stribild®, viread®, letairis®, ranexa®, ambisome®, zydelig®, cayston®, hepsera®, emtriva®, tybost®, vitekta® and tamiflu®. we have u.s. and international commercial sales operations, with marketing subsidiaries in north and south america, europe and asia-pacific. we also sell and distribute certain products through our corporate partners under royalty-paying collaborative agreements.
business highlights during 2014, we continued to advance our product pipeline across our therapeutic areas with the goal of delivering best-in-class drugs that advance the current standard of care and/or address unmet medical needs. highlights of our 2014 announcements include:
•   received approval from the u.s. food and drug administration (fda) in october 2014 and the european commission in november 2014 for harvoni (ledipasvir 90mg/sofosbuvir 400mg), the first once-daily single tablet regimen for the treatment of hcv genotype 1 infection in adults;
•   received approval from the european commission for sovaldi in combination with other antiviral agents ribavirin and pegylated interferon alpha in all 28 countries of the european union (eu) in january 2014;
•   submitted a new drug application (nda) to japan's pharmaceutical and medical devices agency for approval of sofosbuvir and our single tablet regimen of ledipasvir/sofosbuvir for the treatment of chronic genotype 1 hcv infection in adults;
•   received approval from the fda for tybost, a pharmacokinetic enhancer that boosts blood levels of certain hiv medicines, and vitekta, an integrase inhibitor for the treatment of hiv infection in adults without known mutations associated with resistance to elvitegravir;
•   submitted a nda to the fda for approval of a single tablet regimen containing elvitegravir, cobicistat, emtricitabine and tenofovir alafenamide (e/c/f/taf) for the treatment of hiv infection in adults;
•   announced an expansion to our agreement with janssen r&amp;d ireland limited (janssen) for the development and commercialization of a new single tablet regimen containing our taf and emtricitabine, and janssen's rilpivirine (rftaf). we also amended our agreement with janssen to collaborate on a single tablet regimen for hiv infection containing our taf, emtricitabine and cobicistat and janssen's darunavir;
•   entered into an agreement with phenex pharmaceuticals ag (phenex) in december 2014 under which we acquired phenex's farnesoid x receptor (fxr) program comprised of small molecule fxr agonists for the treatment of liver diseases, including nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (nash);
•   received approval from the fda in july 2014 and the european commission in september 2014 for zydelig for the treatment of three b-cell blood cancers. zydelig is indicated in combination with rituximab for patients with relapsed chronic lymphocytic leukemia and as a monotherapy for patients with relapsed follicular lymphoma and small lymphocytic lymphoma;
•   entered into an exclusive license agreement with ono pharmaceutical co., ltd. (ono), for the development and commercialization of ono's oral bruton's tyrosine kinase inhibitor for the treatment of b-cell malignancies and other diseases.
•   announced positive results from the ambition study (a randomized, double-blind, multicenter study of first-line combination therapy with letairis (ambrisentan) and tadalafil in patients with pulmonary arterial hypertension), which was conducted in collaboration with glaxosmithkline plc. we have filed a supplemental nda in the united states to cover the use of ambrisentan in combination with tadalafil.
in 2015, we will continue to focus on our key operating objectives which include the progression of our product pipeline and continued uptake of our commercial products. from a research and development (r&d) perspective, we will continue to invest in conducting new and ongoing clinical studies, which support both our existing products and our product candidates. we expect to move forward on a number of late-stage clinical studies for new product candidates and plan to file marketing applications for product candidates in various therapeutic areas.
from a commercial perspective, we will continue to focus on supporting the uptake of our single tablet regimens for the treatment of hiv, prepare for the launch of our new single tablet regimen containing taf in the united states and continue to promote the use of sovaldi, harvoni and zydelig in the united states and europe. we plan to further build-out and expand our international commercial infrastructure in asia, in particular japan, and other international markets to support the anticipated launch of sovaldi and harvoni in those regions.
as a result of the launch of sovaldi and harvoni in the united states and sovaldi in parts of europe, our business more than doubled in 2014. while we do not expect this level of growth in 2015, we do anticipate overall net product sales growth as we expect expanded access to sovaldi and harvoni in the united states and the launch of harvoni in additional european union countries and other international markets. however, this growth is subject to a number of uncertainties. these uncertainties include the continuation of a challenging macroeconomic environment in europe inclusive of the potential adoption of additional pricing measures to reduce healthcare spending, particularly in hcv, the potential for continued volatility in foreign currency exchange rates, the number of hcv patients treated, an increase in discounts, chargebacks and rebates due to ongoing private and public payer negotiations, a larger than anticipated shift in payer mix to more highly discounted payer segments and the regulatory approval and commercial launches of sovaldi and harvoni in japan.
we expect that our product pipeline investments and expanding commercial infrastructure will enable us to execute on our 2015 operating objectives.
2014 financial highlights during 2014, total revenues increased to $24.9 billion and total product sales increased to $24.5 billion, compared to $11.2 billion and $10.8 billion respectively, in 2013, driven primarily by sales of sovaldi and harvoni and increased sales of our hiv single tablet regimen products, stribild and complera/eviplera. sovaldi was approved in the united states in december 2013 and in the european union in january 2014. sovaldi is now available in over 40 countries. harvoni was approved in the united states in october 2014 and in the european union in november 2014.
r&d expenses increased 35% to $2.9 billion for 2014 compared to 2013 due to continued investment in the progression and expansion in our product pipeline. selling, general and administrative (sg&a) expenses increased 76% to $3.0 billion for 2014 compared to 2013 due to increased costs to support our business expansion related primarily to liver diseases and oncology and an increase in the branded prescription drug fee (the bpd fee).
net income attributable to gilead for 2014 was $12.1 billion or $7.35 per diluted share, compared to $3.1 billion or $1.81 per diluted share in 2013, due primarily to the launch of sovaldi and harvoni, partially offset by the increases in operating expenses.
as of december 31, 2014, our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities totaled $11.7 billion. during 2014, we generated $12.8 billion in operating cash flows, issued $8.0 billion in senior unsecured notes and repaid $2.3 billion in debt.
results of operations total revenues total revenues include product sales and royalty, contract and other revenues. total revenues were $24.9 billion in 2014, compared to $11.2 billion in 2013 and $9.7 billion in 2012. product sales represented 98%, 96% and 97% of total revenues in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
product sales total product sales were $24.5 billion in 2014, compared to $10.8 billion in 2013 and $9.4 billion in 2012, driven primarily by an increase in antiviral product sales. antiviral product sales were $22.8 billion in 2014, $9.3 billion in 2013 and $8.1 billion in 2012. the increase in antiviral product sales in 2014 was driven primarily by sales of sovaldi and harvoni and in 2013 was driven primarily by the continued uptake of our hiv single tablet regimen products, primarily stribild and complera/eviplera. other product sales which include letairis, ranexa, ambisome and zydelig, our first oncology product which launched in 2014, were $1.7 billion in 2014, an increase of 15% compared to $1.5 billion in 2013, an increase of 16% over other product sales of $1.3 billion in 2012. in 2014 approximately 26% of our product sales were generated outside the united states. we face exposure to adverse movements in foreign currency exchange rates, primarily in the euro. we used foreign currency exchange contracts to hedge a percentage of our foreign currency exposure. foreign currency exchange, net of hedges, had a favorable impact of $39 million on our 2014 revenues compared to 2013 and an unfavorable impact of $65 million on our 2013 revenues compared to 2012.
we record product sales net of estimated mandatory and supplemental discounts to government payers, in addition to discounts to private payers, and other related costs. these deductions are generally referred to as gross-to-net deductions and totaled $7.3 billion in 2014, $3.9 billion in 2013, and $3.1 billion in 2012. as a percentage of gross product sales, gross-to-net deductions were 23% in 2014, 26% in 2013 and 25% in 2012. the decline in gross-to-net deductions as a percentage of gross product sales in 2014 compared to 2013 was primarily due to change in our payer mix reflecting a higher proportion of private payers compared to the prior year given the launch of sovaldi in december 2013 and harvoni in october 2014. the increase in gross-to-net deductions as a percentage of gross product sales in 2013 compared to 2012 resulted primarily from changes in payer mix, while the dollar increase resulted from payer mix and a higher level of gross product sales.
product sales in the united states increased to $18.1 billion for 2014 compared to $6.6 billion in 2013, due primarily to sales of sovaldi and harvoni and increases in sales of stribild and complera. product sales in the united states increased 20% for 2013 compared to $5.5 billion in 2012, driven by sales growth of our single tablet regimen products, specifically stribild and complera as well as the launch of sovaldi. during the fourth quarters of 2014 and 2013, we noted inventory levels at the high end of the inventory management agreement range. as we have seen in years past, we believe that inventory could draw down in the first quarter of 2015 and then track more normally with demand through the rest of 2015.
product sales in europe increased by 54% in 2014 to $5.1 billion compared to $3.3 billion in 2013, due primarily to sales of sovaldi and increases in sales of stribild and eviplera. product sales in europe increased 6% in 2013 to $3.3 billion compared to $3.1 billion in 2012, driven primarily by higher underlying demand for our antiviral products, specifically eviplera, partially offset by decreases in the average net selling price of our hiv products. foreign currency exchange, net of hedges, had a favorable impact of $72 million on our european product sales for 2014 compared to 2013 and an unfavorable impact of $55 million on our european product sales in 2013 compared to 2012.
the following table summarizes the period over period changes in our product sales:
(in millions, except percentages)                2014          change                2013          change                2012
* percentage not meaningful antiviral products antiviral product sales increased by 144% in 2014 compared to 2013 and by 15% in 2013 compared to 2012. the following is additional discussion of our results by product:
•   hcv products in 2014, sales of sovaldi and harvoni (hcv products) were $12.4 billion. hcv product sales accounted for 54% of our total antiviral product sales for the year. hcv product sales were $10.5 billion in the united states and $1.6 billion in europe in 2014. since the launch of sovaldi in december 2013 and harvoni in october 2014, more than 170,000 patients around the world have been treated with a sofosbuvir-based regimen.
•   atripla atripla sales accounted for 15%, 39% and 44% of our total antiviral product sales for 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively, and decreased by 5% in 2014 compared to 2013, due primarily to declines in volume as doctors prescribed newer treatments such as complera/eviplera and stribild. the efavirenz component of atripla, which has a gross margin of zero, comprised $1.3 billion, $1.4 billion and $1.3 billion of our atripla sales in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
a generic version of bristol-myers squibb company's sustiva (efavirenz), a component of atripla, was made available in canada and europe in 2013 and will be made available in the united states in 2017. while we have observed some pricing pressure related to the efavirenz component of our atripla sales, we have not yet observed any meaningful splitting of the atripla single tablet regimen.
•   truvada in 2014, truvada sales increased by 7% compared to 2013 due primarily to an increase in the average net selling price and sales volume growth in the united states. in 2013, decreases in truvada sales were due to lower sales volume, partially offset by an increase in average net selling price. truvada sales accounted for 15%, 34% and 39% of our total antiviral product sales for 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
•   complera/eviplera in 2014, sales of complera/eviplera were $1.2 billion an increase of 52% compared to 2013. increases in sales of complera/eviplera in both 2014 and 2013 were driven primarily by sales volume growth in europe and the united states. in 2012, complera/eviplera sales increased due primarily to sales volume growth in the united states.
•   stribild in 2014, sales of stribild were $1.2 billion, an increase of 122% compared to 2013, due primarily to increased sales volume in the united states and europe. in 2013 and 2012, increases in sales of stribild were driven primarily by sales volume growth in the united states.
royalty, contract and other revenues the following table summarizes the period over period changes in our royalty, contract and other revenues:
(in millions, except percentages)      2014                 change      2013                  change      2012
royalty, contract and other revenues includes royalty revenues from f. hoffman-la roche ltd (roche) for sales of tamiflu. the majority of our royalties are recognized in the quarter following the quarter in which the corresponding product sales occur.
cost of goods sold and product gross margin the following table summarizes the period over period changes in our product sales, cost of goods sold and product gross margin:
(in millions, except percentages)                2014          change                2013          change                2012
cost of goods sold                         $3,788            32   %            $2,859            16   %            $2,471
our product gross margin for 2014 increased compared to 2013 primarily due to changes in product mix, resulting from the launches of sovaldi and harvoni. our product gross margin for 2013 was consistent with our product gross margin for 2012.
research and development expenses the following table summarizes the period over period changes in r&d expenses:
(in millions, except percentages)   2014                    change      2013                    change      2012
research and development                   $2,854       35        %            $2,120       20        %            $1,760
r&d expenses summarized above consist primarily of clinical studies performed by contract research organizations, materials and supplies, licenses and fees, milestone payments under collaboration arrangements, personnel costs, including salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation and overhead allocations consisting of various support and facilities-related costs.
we do not track total r&d expenses by product candidate, therapeutic area or development phase. however, we manage our r&d expenses by identifying the r&d activities we anticipate will be performed during a given period and then prioritizing efforts based on scientific data, probability of successful development, market potential, available human and capital resources and other considerations. we continually review our r&d pipeline and the status of development and, as necessary, reallocate resources among the r&d portfolio that we believe will best support the future growth of our business.
the following table provides a breakout of r&d expenses by major cost type:
clinical studies and outside services          $1,688              $1,147                $828
in 2014, r&d expenses increased $734 million or 35% compared to 2013, due primarily to an increase in clinical studies and outside services. the increase in clinical studies and outside services includes one-time items of $350 million for collaboration and acquisition related expenses and the purchase of a fda priority review voucher and $191 million for expenses related to the progression of clinical study activity, primarily in the oncology and hiv areas. personnel and infrastructure expenses increased $186 million to support our ongoing clinical study activity, geographic expansion and marketed product support.
in 2013, r&d expenses increased $360 million or 20% compared to 2012, due primarily to a $319 million increase in clinical studies and a $28 million increase in personnel and infrastructure expenses to support the continued progression of our clinical studies, particularly phase 3 studies in oncology, liver diseases and hiv. these increases were partially offset by a $100 million decrease in stock-based compensation expense due to the acceleration of vested stock options related to our acquisition of pharmasset, inc. (pharmasset) in january 2012.
in 2012, clinical studies and outside services increased $258 million compared to 2011 due to progression and expansion of our phase 3 studies, particularly in liver diseases and oncology. additionally, personnel expenses increased $274 million due to higher headcount to support our product pipeline and study progression.
in 2015, we expect r&d expenses to increase over 2014 to support the expansion of our clinical studies in various therapeutic areas including liver disease, hiv and oncology.
selling, general and administrative expenses the following table summarizes the period over period changes in sg&a expenses:
(in millions, except percentages)     2014                    change      2013                    change      2012
sg&a expenses relate to sales and marketing, finance, human resources, legal and other administrative activities. expenses are primarily comprised of facilities and overhead costs, outside marketing, advertising and legal expenses and other general and administrative costs.
in 2014, sg&a expenses increased $1.3 billion or 76% compared to 2013 due primarily to an increase in headcount-related and other expenses of $542 million to support the ongoing growth and expansion of our business, including commercial expansion related to the launches of sovaldi and harvoni and an increase in the bpd fee. during the third quarter of 2014, the internal revenues service (irs) issued final regulations which indicated that a manufacturer's obligation to pay its portion of the bpd fee in any given calendar year is triggered by the qualifying sales in the previous year, instead of the first qualifying sale in the current calendar year. as a result of the final irs regulations, we were required to recognize our 2014 fee of $460 million and 2013 fee of $142 million in our 2014 consolidated statement of income. our bpd fees were approximately $590 million, $110 million and $85 million in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. the bpd fee is not tax deductible.
in 2013, sg&a expenses increased $238 million or 16% compared to 2012. the increase was due primarily to a $308 million increase in headcount-related and other expenses to support the ongoing growth of our business, legal expenses and the bpd fee. this increase was partially offset by a $98 million decrease in stock-based compensation due to the acceleration of vested stock options related to our acquisition of pharmasset in january 2012.
in 2015 we expect sg&a expenses to increase compared to 2014 to support our continued build-out and expansion of our commercial infrastructure in europe and asia to support our products.
interest expense in 2014, interest expense increased to $412 million compared to $307 million in 2013. the increase was primarily a result of the issuance of our senior unsecured notes in registered offerings in march 2014 and november 2014, offset by repayment of our senior unsecured notes due in december 2014 (the december 2014 notes), conversion and maturity of our convertible senior notes due in may 2014 (the may 2014 notes) and partial conversion of our convertible senior notes due in may 2016 (the may 2016 notes). in 2013, interest expense decreased to $307 million compared to $361 million in 2012. the decrease was due primarily to the repayment of our convertible senior notes due in may 2013 (the may 2013 notes), conversion of the may 2014 notes, partial conversion of the may 2016 notes and the repayment of revolving credit facilities.
other income (expense), net other income (expense), net was not significant for 2014. during 2013 as compared to 2012, the changes in other income (expense), net were due primarily to a $40 million loss on greek bonds related to greece's restructuring of its sovereign debt in the first quarter of 2012.
provision for income taxes our provision for income taxes was $2.8 billion, $1.2 billion and $1.0 billion in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. the 2014 effective tax rate of 18.8% differed from the u.s. federal statutory rate of 35% due primarily to certain operating earnings from non-u.s. subsidiaries that are considered indefinitely reinvested and tax credits, partially offset by state taxes, our portion of the non-tax deductible bpd fee and amortization expense of the intangible asset related to sofosbuvir for which we receive no tax benefit. we do not provide for u.s. income taxes on undistributed earnings of our foreign operations that are intended to be indefinitely reinvested in our foreign subsidiaries.
the 2013 effective tax rate of 27.3% differed from the u.s. federal statutory rate of 35% due primarily to the retroactive extension of the 2012 federal research tax credit in january 2013, the 2013 federal research tax credit and certain operating earnings from non-u.s. subsidiaries that are considered indefinitely reinvested, partially offset by state taxes, our portion of the non-tax deductible bpd fee, amortization expense of the intangible asset related to sofosbuvir and contingent consideration expense related to certain acquisitions for which we receive no tax benefit.
the 2012 effective tax rate of 28.7% differed from the u.s. federal statutory rate of 35% due primarily to tax credits and certain operating earnings from non-u.s. subsidiaries that are considered indefinitely reinvested, partially offset by state taxes, the stock-based compensation expense related to the pharmasset acquisition and contingent consideration expense related to certain acquisitions for which we receive no tax benefit.
we completed the acquisition of ym biosciences inc. (ym), based in canada, for total consideration transferred of $488 million on february 8, 2013, at which time ym became a wholly-owned subsidiary of gilead. ym was a drug development company primarily focused on advancing momelotinib, an orally administered, once-daily candidate for hematologic cancers.
the fair values of acquired assets and assumed liabilities included primarily in-process research and development (ipr&d) of $363 million, goodwill of $127 million, deferred tax assets of $53 million with a full unrecognized tax benefit, deferred tax liabilities of $109 million and cash acquired of $109 million. pro forma results of operations for the acquisition of ym have not been presented because this acquisition is not material to our consolidated results of operations. see item 8, note 8 intangible assets and goodwill in our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on form 10-k for a description of the ipr&d acquired.
in january 2012, we completed the acquisition of pharmasset, a publicly-held clinical-stage pharmaceutical company committed to discovering, developing and commercializing novel drugs to treat viral infections. pharmasset's primary focus was the development of oral therapeutics for the treatment of hcv infection. pharmasset's lead compound, sofosbuvir (formerly referred to as gs-7977), is a nucleotide analog which, in december 2013, was approved by the fda under the name sovaldi, as a once-daily oral regimen for the treatment of hcv in patients with genotypes 1, 2, 3 or 4 infection, including those with hepatocellular carcinoma meeting milan criteria (awaiting liver transplantation) and those with hcv/hiv-1 co-infection. in october 2014, harvoni, which combines the ns5a inhibitor ledipasvir with sofosbuvir, received approval from the fda for the treatment of chronic hcv genotype 1 infection in adults. the acquisition of pharmasset has allowed us to advance our effort to develop all-oral regimens for the treatment of hcv.
we acquired all of the outstanding shares of common stock of pharmasset for $137 per share in cash through a tender offer and subsequent merger under the terms of an agreement and plan of merger entered into in november 2011. the aggregate cash payment to acquire all of the outstanding shares of common stock was $11.1 billion. we financed the transaction with approximately $5.2 billion in cash on hand, $3.7 billion in senior unsecured notes issued in december 2011 and $2.2 billion in bank debt issued in january 2012.
the pharmasset acquisition was accounted for as a business combination. the results of operations of pharmasset have been included in our consolidated statements of income since january 13, 2012, the date on which we acquired approximately 88% of the outstanding shares of common stock of pharmasset and cash consideration was transferred, and as a result, we obtained effective control of pharmasset. the acquisition was completed on january 17, 2012, at which time pharmasset became a wholly-owned subsidiary of gilead and was integrated into our operations. as we do not track earnings results by product candidate or therapeutic area, we do not maintain separate earnings results for the acquired pharmasset business.
the following table summarizes the components of the cash paid to acquire pharmasset (in millions):
the $11.1 billion cash payment consisted of a $10.4 billion cash payment to the outstanding common stockholders as well as a $668 million cash payment to option holders under the pharmasset stock option plans. the $10.4 billion cash payment to the outstanding common stockholders and $474 million of the cash payment to vested option holders under the pharmasset stock option plans were accounted for as consideration transferred. the remaining $194 million of cash payment was accounted for as stock-based compensation expense resulting from the accelerated vesting of pharmasset employee options immediately prior to the acquisition.
the following table summarizes the acquisition date fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, and the consideration transferred (in millions):
refer to item 8, note 5 acquisitions in our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on form 10-k for more detailed information.
liquidity and capital resources we believe that our existing capital resources, supplemented by our cash flows generated from operating activities will be adequate to satisfy our capital needs for the foreseeable future. our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities and working capital increased significantly in 2014 compared to 2013 as we issued a total of $8.0 billion in senior unsecured notes in registered offerings in march 2014 and november 2014. the following table summarizes our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, our working capital and our cash flow activities as of the end of, and for each of, the periods presented:
as of december 31:
cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities            $11,726              $2,571                $2,582
working capital (1)                                         $11,953                $590                $1,918
operating activities                                        $12,818              $3,105                $3,195
cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities totaled $11.7 billion at december 31, 2014, an increase of $9.2 billion or 356% when compared to $2.6 billion at december 31, 2013. during 2014, we generated $12.8 billion in cash flows from operations; received $7.9 billion from the issuance of senior unsecured notes in registered offerings in march 2014 and november 2014; repaid $2.3 billion in debt, net of convertible note hedges; repurchased $5.3 billion of common stock; and paid approximately $4.1 billion to settle the warrants expiring in 2014 (the 2014 warrants) related to our may 2014 notes, which were retired in may 2014.
cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities remained relatively flat at $2.6 billion at december 31, 2013, when compared to $2.6 billion at december 31, 2012. during 2013, we generated $3.1 billion in operating cash flows, paid $1.0 billion for warrants related to our may 2013 notes that were settled in august 2013, repaid $1.7 billion in debt net of proceeds from convertible note hedges and utilized $379 million for the acquisition of ym, net of cash acquired.
of the total cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities at december 31, 2014, approximately $3.2 billion was generated from operations in foreign jurisdictions and is intended for use in our foreign operations. we do not rely on unrepatriated earnings as a source of funds for our domestic business as we expect to have sufficient cash flow and borrowing capacity in the united states to fund our domestic operational and strategic needs.
working capital working capital was $12.0 billion at december 31, 2014. the increase of $11.4 billion from working capital as of december 31, 2013 was driven primarily by positive cash flows from operations and an increase in cash and cash equivalents due to the issuance of senior unsecured notes in march 2014 and november 2014, partially offset by cash paid to settle convertible senior notes and the 2014 warrants, repayment of our bank debt, and repurchases of common stock.
working capital was $590 million at december 31, 2013. the decrease of $1.3 billion from working capital as of december 31, 2012 was due to an increase in the current portion of long-term debt and other accrued liabilities, partially offset by increases in accounts receivable, inventories and cash and cash equivalents.
cash provided by operating activities cash provided by operating activities was $12.8 billion in 2014, consisting primarily of net income of $12.1 billion, adjusted for non-cash items such as $1.1 billion of depreciation and amortization expenses, $360 million for stock-based compensation expense and $518 million of net cash outflow related to changes in operating assets and liabilities.
cash provided by operating activities was $3.1 billion in 2013, consisting primarily of net income of $3.1 billion, adjusted for non-cash items such as $345 million of depreciation and amortization expenses and $252 million of stock-based compensation expenses. this was partially offset by $562 million of net cash outflow related to changes in operating assets and liabilities.
cash provided by operating activities was $3.2 billion in 2012, consisting primarily of net income of $2.6 billion, adjusted for non-cash items such as $278 million of depreciation and amortization expenses, $209 million of stock-based compensation expenses, $108 million of net cash inflow related to changes in operating assets and liabilities.
cash used in investing activities cash used in investing activities in 2014 was $1.8 billion, consisting primarily of $1.2 billion in net purchases of marketable securities and $557 million in capital expenditures related to the expansion of our business.
cash used in investing activities in 2013 was $254 million, consisting primarily of $379 million used in our acquisition of ym, net of cash acquired and $190 million of capital expenditures primarily related to construction in progress associated with new facilities at our headquarters to support the ongoing growth of our business. this was partially offset by $315 million of net proceeds from sales of marketable securities.
cash used in investing activities in 2012 was $11.8 billion, consisting primarily of $10.8 billion used for our acquisition of pharmasset, net of the stock-based compensation expense and cash acquired, $672 million of net purchases of marketable securities and $397 million of capital expenditures, related primarily to the purchase of an office building for $180 million and a $156 million increase in construction in progress associated with new facilities at our headquarters to support the ongoing growth of our business.
cash provided by (used in) financing activities cash used in financing activities in 2014 was $3.0 billion, consisting primarily of $2.3 billion used to repay debt, net of convertible notes hedges, $5.3 billion used to repurchase common stock under our stock repurchase programs and $4.1 billion to settle the warrants related to our may 2014 notes. these payments were primarily offset by $7.9 billion in net proceeds from the issuances of our senior unsecured notes due in april 2019 (the april 2019 notes), senior unsecured notes due in april 2024 (the april 2024 notes) and senior unsecured notes due in april 2044 (the april 2044 notes, and together with the april 2019 notes and the april 2024 notes, the april notes) in a registered offering for a total aggregate principal amount of $4.0 billion and from the issuances of our senior unsecured notes due in february 2020 (the february 2020 notes), senior unsecured notes due in february 2025 (the february 2025 notes) and senior unsecured notes due in february 2045 (february 2045 notes, and together with the february 2020 notes and the february 2025 notes, the february notes) in a registered offering for an aggregate principal amount of $4.0 billion.
cash used in financing activities in 2013 was $2.5 billion, consisting primarily of $4.4 billion used to repay debt financing which includes the maturity of our may 2013 notes and conversions of our may 2014 notes and may 2016 notes,
$1.0 billion to settle the warrants related to our may 2013 notes that settled in august 2013 and $582 million used to repurchase common stock under our stock repurchase program. this cash outflow was partially offset by proceeds of $2.8 billion related to our convertible note hedges.
cash provided by financing activities in 2012 was $563 million, driven primarily by net proceeds of $2.1 billion from the issuance of bank debt in conjunction with the pharmasset acquisition, proceeds of $466 million from issuances of common stock under our employee stock plans and $214 million from proceeds received related to our convertible note hedges. the cash proceeds were partially offset by the $1.8 billion used to repay debt financing during the year and $667 million used to repurchase common stock under our stock repurchase programs.
debt and credit facility debt financing in march 2014, we issued senior unsecured notes in a registered offering for a total aggregate principal amount of $4.0 billion. we issued the april 2019 notes for $500 million which pay interest at a fixed annual rate of 2.05%, the april 2024 notes for $1.8 billion which pay interest at a fixed annual rate of 3.70% and the april 2044 notes for $1.8 billion which pay interest at a fixed annual rate of 4.80%.
in november 2014, we issued senior unsecured notes in a registered offering for a total aggregate principal amount of $4.0 billion. we issued the february 2020 notes for $500 million which pay interest at a fixed annual rate of 2.35%, the february 2025 notes for $1.8 billion which pay interest at a fixed annual rate of 3.50% and the february 2045 notes for $1.8 billion which pay interest at a fixed annual rate of 4.50%.
bank debt in january 2012, in conjunction with the acquisition of pharmasset, we entered into a five-year $1.3 billion revolving credit facility credit agreement (the five-year revolving credit agreement). in 2012, we borrowed $750 million under the five-year revolving credit agreement upon the close of the acquisition. the five-year revolving credit agreement contains customary representations, warranties, affirmative, negative and financial maintenance covenants and events of default. the loan bears interest at either (i) the eurodollar rate plus the applicable margin or (ii) the base rate plus the applicable margin, each as defined in the credit agreement. we may reduce the commitments and may prepay the loan in whole or in part at any time without premium or penalty. we are required to comply with certain covenants under the credit agreement and note indentures and as of december 31, 2014, we were not in violation of any covenants.
in 2013, we repaid $150 million under the five-year revolving credit agreement. during 2014, we repaid the remaining balance of $600 million that was outstanding under the five-year revolving credit agreement. the five-year revolving credit agreement will terminate and all amounts owed under the agreement shall be due and payable in january 2017.
convertible senior notes during 2014, our may 2014 notes matured and a portion of our may 2016 notes (together, the may notes) was converted. during 2014, we repaid $912 million of principal balance relating to the may notes. we also paid $2.5 billion in cash related to the conversion spread of the may notes, which represents the conversion value in excess of the principal amount, and received $2.5 billion in cash from the convertible note hedges related to the may notes.
during the year ended december 31, 2014, we exercised our option to settle in cash the 2014 warrants. as a result, we paid $4.1 billion to settle the warrants as the market value of our common stock at the time of the exercise of the warrants exceeds their strike price. there were 56 million shares of our common stock underlying the 2014 warrants, which had a strike price of $28.38 per share and expired during the 40 trading-day period commencing august 1, 2014 and ending on september 26, 2014. because the warrants could have been settled, at our option, in cash or shares of our common stock, and the related contracts met all of the applicable criteria for equity classification, the settlement was recorded as a reduction of additional paid-in capital in our consolidated balance sheets.
as of december 31, 2014, the may 2016 notes were classified as current given that their conversion criteria had been met. as a result, the related unamortized discount of $15 million was classified as equity component of currently redeemable convertible notes on our consolidated balance sheets.
there are 55 million shares of our common stock underlying our warrants expiring in 2016 (the 2016 warrants). the 2016 warrants have a strike price of $30.05 per share and are exercisable only on their expiration date. if the market value of our common stock at the time of the exercise of the warrants exceeds their strike price, we will be required to net settle in cash or shares of our common stock, at our option, for the value of the warrants in excess of the warrant strike price.
stock repurchase programs under our stock repurchase program authorized in january 2011 (2011 program), we repurchased a total of $3.3 billion or 40 million shares of common stock during 2014. in may 2014, our board of directors authorized a new $5.0 billion stock repurchase program (2014 program) through open market and private block transactions pursuant to rule 10b5-1 plans, privately negotiated transactions or other means. this new program expires three years after the completion of the 2011 program. we began repurchases under the 2014 program in october 2014 and repurchased a total of $2.0 billion or 19 million shares. we intend to use the additional authorization to repurchase shares opportunistically and to offset the dilution created by shares issued under employee stock plans. on february 3, 2015, we announced that our board of directors authorized a new $15 billion five-year share repurchase program, which we will initiate in 2015 on the completion of our 2014 program.
long-term obligations the summary of our borrowings under various financing arrangements is included in item 8, note 10 debt and credit facility in our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on form 10-k.
we believe our existing capital resources, supplemented by cash flows generated from our operations, will be adequate to satisfy our capital needs for the foreseeable future. our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including but not limited to the following:
•   the commercial performance of our current and future products;
•   the progress and scope of our r&amp;d efforts, including preclinical studies and clinical trials;
•   the cost, timing and outcome of regulatory reviews;
•   the expansion of our sales and marketing capabilities;
•   the possibility of acquiring additional manufacturing capabilities or office facilities;
•   the possibility of acquiring other companies or new products;
•   costs associated with the settlement and conversion of our convertible senior notes and related warrants;
•   the establishment of additional collaborative relationships with other companies; and
•   costs associated with the defense, settlement and adverse results of litigation and government investigations.
we may in the future require additional funding, which could be in the form of proceeds from equity or debt financings. if such funding is required, we cannot guarantee that it will be available to us on favorable terms, if at all.
critical accounting policies, estimates and judgments the discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles. the preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and related disclosures. on an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to revenue recognition, allowance for doubtful accounts, valuation of intangible assets and contingent consideration liabilities resulting from business combinations and our tax provision. we base our estimates on historical experience and on various other market specific and other relevant assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. actual results may differ significantly from these estimates.
we believe the following critical accounting policies reflect the more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements.
revenue recognition product sales we recognize revenues from product sales when there is persuasive evidence that an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the price is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. we record product sales net of estimated mandatory and supplemental discounts to government payers, in addition to discounts to private payers, and other related charges. these are generally referred to as gross-to-net deductions and are recorded in the same period the related sales occur. government and other rebates and chargebacks represent the majority of our gross-to-net deductions and require complex and significant judgment by management. estimates are assessed each period and updated to reflect current information.
government and other rebates and chargebacks government and other rebates and chargebacks include amounts paid to payers and healthcare providers in the united states, including medicaid rebates, adaps, veterans administration and public health service discounts, and other rebates, as well as foreign government rebates. rebates and chargebacks are based on contractual arrangements or statutory requirements which may vary by product, by payer and individual payer plans.
for qualified programs that can purchase our products through wholesalers or other distributors at a lower contractual price, the wholesalers or distributors charge back to us the difference between their acquisition cost and the lower contractual price. our consolidated allowances for government and other chargebacks that are payable to our direct customers are classified as reductions of accounts receivable, and totaled $220 million as of december 31, 2014 and $149 million as of december 31, 2013.
our consolidated allowance for government and other rebates that will be paid to parties other than our direct customers are recorded in accrued government and other rebates on our consolidated balance sheets, and totaled $2.3 billion as of december 31, 2014 and $1.0 billion as of december 31, 2013.
our allowances for government and other rebates and chargebacks are estimated based on products sold, historical utilization rates, pertinent third party industry information, estimated patient population, known market events or trends, channel inventory and/or other market data. we also take into consideration new information regarding changes in programs' regulations and guidelines that would impact the amount of the actual rebates and/or our expectations regarding future utilization rates for these programs. we believe that the methodology that we use to estimate our government and other rebates and chargebacks is reasonable and appropriate given the current facts and circumstances. however, actual results may differ significantly from our estimates. during the last three years, our actual government rebates and chargebacks claimed for prior periods have varied by less than 5% from our estimates.
accrued government and other rebates and chargebacks:           balance atbeginningof year         decrease/(increase) to product sales   payments                balance atend ofyear year ended december 31, 2014:
allowance for doubtful accounts we maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from the inability of our customers to make required payments. this allowance is based on our analysis of several factors, including, but not limited to, contractual payment terms, historical payment patterns of our customers and individual customer circumstances, an analysis of days sales outstanding by geographic region and a review of the local economic environment and its potential impact on government funding and reimbursement practices. if the financial condition of our customers or the economic environment in which they operate were to deteriorate, resulting in an inability to make payments, additional allowances may be required. we believe that the allowance for doubtful accounts is adequate; however, significant deterioration in any of the above factors could materially change these expectations and may result in an increase to our allowance for doubtful accounts. as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, our allowance for doubtful accounts was $31 million and $59 million, respectively.
valuation of intangible assets in conjunction with our business combinations, we have recorded intangible assets primarily related to ipr&d projects. we had total intangible assets of $11.1 billion as of december 31, 2014 and $11.9 billion as of december 31, 2013.
the identifiable intangible assets are measured at their respective fair values as of the acquisition date. the models used in valuing these intangible assets require the use of significant estimates and assumptions including but not limited to:
•   estimates of revenues and operating profits related to the products or product candidates;
•   the probability of success for unapproved product candidates considering their stages of development;
•   the time and resources needed to complete the development and approval of product candidates;
•   the life of the potential commercialized products and associated risks, including the inherent difficulties and uncertainties in developing a product candidate such as obtaining fda and other regulatory approvals; and
•   risks related to the viability of and potential alternative treatments in any future target markets.
we believe the fair values used to record intangible assets acquired in connection with a business combination are based upon reasonable estimates and assumptions given the facts and circumstances as of the related valuation dates.
intangible assets related to ipr&d projects are considered to be indefinite-lived until the completion or abandonment of the associated r&d efforts. if and when development is complete, which generally occurs if and when regulatory approval to market a product is obtained, the associated assets would be deemed finite-lived and would then be amortized based on their respective estimated useful lives at that point in time. during the period the assets are considered indefinite-lived, they will not be amortized but will be tested for impairment on an annual basis as well as between annual tests if we become aware of any events or changes that would indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the ipr&d projects below their respective carrying amounts. the fair value of our indefinite-lived intangible assets is dependent on assumptions such as the expected timing or probability of achieving the specified milestones, changes in projected revenues or changes in discount rates. significant judgment is employed in determining these assumptions and changes to our assumptions could have a significant impact on our results of operations in any given period.
intangible assets with finite useful lives are amortized over their estimated useful lives primarily on a straight-line basis. intangible assets with finite useful lives are reviewed for impairment when facts or circumstances suggest that the carrying value of these assets may not be recoverable.
valuation of contingent consideration liabilities resulting from business combinations in conjunction with our business combinations and consolidation of a variable interest entity for which we are the primary beneficiary, we have recorded contingent consideration liabilities payable upon the achievement of specified development, regulatory approval, sales-based milestone events or financial results. the contingent consideration liabilities are measured at their respective fair values as of the acquisition or initial consolidation date. the models used in valuing these contingent consideration liabilities require the use of significant estimates and assumptions including but not limited to:
•   estimates of revenues and operating profits related to the products or product candidates;
•   the probability of success for unapproved product candidates considering their stages of development;
•   the time and resources needed to complete the development and approval of product candidates;
•   the life of the potential commercialized products and associated risks, including the inherent difficulties and uncertainties in developing a product candidate such as obtaining fda and other regulatory approvals; and
•   risks related to the viability of and potential alternative treatments in any future target markets.
we revalue contingent consideration obligations each reporting period and record changes in their fair value in r&d expense within our consolidated statement of income.
changes in the fair value of our contingent consideration liabilities can result from updates to one or multiple assumptions such as the expected timing or probability of achieving the specified milestones, changes in projected revenues or changes in discount rates. significant judgment is employed in determining these assumptions as of the acquisition date and for each subsequent reporting period. updates to assumptions could have a significant impact on our results of operations in any given period. actual results may differ from estimates.
we had total contingent consideration liabilities of $133 million as of december 31, 2014 and $264 million as of december 31, 2013.
tax provision we estimate our income tax provision, including deferred tax assets and liabilities, based on significant management judgment. we evaluate the realization of all or a portion of our deferred tax assets on a quarterly basis. we record a valuation allowance to reduce our deferred tax assets to the amounts that are more likely than not to be realized. we consider future taxable income, ongoing tax planning strategies and our historical financial performance in assessing the need for a valuation allowance.
we are subject to income taxes in both the united states and various foreign jurisdictions including ireland. due to economic and political conditions, various countries are actively considering changes to existing tax laws. we cannot predict the form or timing of potential legislative changes that could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. in addition, significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes.
we record liabilities related to uncertain tax positions in accordance with the guidance that clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise's financial statements by prescribing a minimum recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. we do not believe any such uncertain tax positions currently pending will have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial statements, although an adverse resolution of one or more of these uncertain tax positions in any period could have a material impact on the results of operations for that period.
at december 31, 2014 and 2013, we had total federal, state and foreign unrecognized tax benefits of $661 million and $237 million, respectively. of the total unrecognized tax benefits, $602 million and $195 million at december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, if recognized, would reduce our effective tax rate in the period of recognition. as of december 31, 2014, we believe that it is reasonably possible that our unrecognized tax benefits will decrease by approximately $12 million in the next 12 months as we expect to have clarification from the irs and other tax authorities regarding our uncertain tax positions. with respect to the remaining unrecognized tax benefits, we are currently unable to make a reasonable estimate as to the period of cash settlement, if any, with the respective tax authorities.
we file federal, state and foreign income tax returns in many jurisdictions in the united states and abroad. for federal income tax purposes, the statute of limitations is open for 2010 and onwards. for certain acquired entities, the statute of limitations is open for all years from inception due to our utilization of their net operating losses and credits carried over from prior years. for california income tax purposes, the statute of limitations is open for 2008 and onwards.
our income tax returns are audited by federal, state and foreign tax authorities. we are currently under examination by the irs for the 2010, 2011 and 2012 tax years and by various state and foreign jurisdictions. there are differing interpretations of tax laws and regulations, and as a result, significant disputes may arise with these tax authorities involving issues of the timing and amount of deductions and allocations of income among various tax jurisdictions. we periodically evaluate our exposures associated with our tax filing positions.
branded prescription drug fee we, along with other pharmaceutical manufacturers of branded drug products, are required to pay a portion of the bpd fee, which is calculated based on select government sales during each calendar year as a percentage of total industry government sales. the fee is determined by estimating our total sales to government agencies along with an assumption of the total pharmaceutical industry sales to government agencies. our estimates are based on past history along with expectations of future branded drug sales activity by us along with other pharmaceutical companies. judgment is employed in determining these assumptions. updates to assumptions could have an impact on our results of operations. adjustments to our estimates in the past have not been material.
in 2014, the irs issued final regulations related to the bpd fee which indicate that an entity's obligation to pay its portion of the bpd fee in any given calendar year is triggered by the qualifying sales in the previous year, instead of the first qualifying sale in the current calendar year. as a result of the final irs regulations, we were required to recognize our 2014 fee of $460 million and 2013 fee of $142 million in our 2014 consolidated statement of income. our bpd fees were approximately $590 million, $110 million and $85 million in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. the irs is expected to communicate the final bpd fee amounts due for 2013 sales during the third quarter of 2015 and for 2014 sales during the third quarter of 2016. our bpd fee accrual totaled $500 million as of december 31, 2014 and $38 million as of december 31, 2013.
off balance sheet arrangements we do not have any off balance sheet arrangements as defined in item 303(a)(4)(ii) of regulation s-k.
contractual obligations our contractual obligations consist of debt obligations, operating leases, capital commitments, purchase obligations for active pharmaceutical ingredients and inventory-related items and clinical trials contracts. the following table summarizes our significant enforceable and legally binding obligations, future commitments and obligations related to all contracts that we are likely to continue regardless of the fact that certain of these obligations may be cancelable as of december 31, 2014 (in millions):
operating lease obligations                         302                      58                     102                    69                        73
capital commitments (2)                             399                     323                      76                     -             -
(1)   our debt obligations include convertible senior notes and senior unsecured notes. interest payments are incurred and calculated based on terms of the related notes. for further information, see item 8, note 10 debt and credit facility in our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on form 10-k.
(2)   at december 31, 2014, we had firm capital project commitments of approximately $399 million primarily relating to construction of new buildings.
(3)   at december 31, 2014, we had firm purchase commitments related to active pharmaceutical ingredients and certain inventory-related items. these amounts include minimum purchase requirements.
(4)   in addition to the above, we have committed to make potential future milestone payments to third parties as part of licensing, collaboration and development arrangements. payments under these agreements generally become due and payable only upon achievement of certain developmental, regulatory and/or commercial milestones. because the achievement of these milestones is neither probable nor reasonably estimable, such contingencies have not been recorded on our consolidated balance sheets and have not been included in the table above.
(5)   at december 31, 2014, we had several clinical studies in various clinical trial phases. our most significant clinical trial expenditures are to contract research organizations (cros). although all of our material contracts with cros are cancelable, we historically have not canceled such contracts. these amounts reflect commitments based on existing contracts and do not reflect any future modifications to, or terminations of, existing contracts or anticipated or potential new contracts.
we had total gross unrecognized tax benefit liabilities including interest and penalties of $685 million as of december 31, 2014. we believe that it is reasonably possible that our unrecognized tax benefits will decrease by approximately $12 million in the next 12 months as we expect to have clarification from the irs and other tax authorities regarding our uncertain tax positions. with respect to the remaining unrecognized tax benefits, we are currently unable to make a reasonable estimate as to the period of cash settlement, if any, with the respective tax authorities. the unrecognized tax benefits were included in current and long-term income taxes payable and long-term deferred tax assets on our consolidated balance sheets and have not been included in the table above.
recent accounting pronouncements the information required by this item is included in item 8, note 1 organization and summary of significant accounting policies in our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on form 10-k.