item 1a. risk factors you should consider each of the following factors as well as the other information in this annual report in evaluating our business and our prospects. the risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently consider immaterial may also impair our business operations. if any of the following risks actually occur, our business and financial results could be harmed. in that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline. you should also refer to the other information set forth in this annual report, including our financial statements and the related notes.
risks related to our businesses our revenues depend on commercial network deployments, expansions and upgrades of cdma, ofdma and other communications technologies, our customers' and licensees' sales of products and services based on these technologies and our ability to drive our customers' demand for our products and services.
we develop, patent and commercialize technology and products based on cdma, ofdma and other communications technologies, which are primarily wireless. we depend on our customers, our licensees and operators of wireless networks to use these technologies in their adoption of our products and services into their devices and networks and on the timing of their deployments of new products and services. we also depend on our customers and licensees to develop products and services with value-added features to drive consumer demand for new 3g, 3g/4g multimode and 4g devices, as well as the selling prices for such devices. further, our rate of revenue growth may depend on third parties incorporating our technology, products and/or services into new device types used in industries beyond traditional cellular communications. our revenues and/or growth in revenues could be negatively impacted, our business may be harmed and our substantial investments in these technologies may not provide us an adequate return, if:
•   wireless operators delay 3g and 3g/4g multimode network deployments, expansions or upgrades and/or delay moving 2g customers to 3g, 3g/4g multimode or 4g wireless devices;
•   lte, an ofdma-based 4g wireless technology, is not more widely deployed or further commercial deployment is delayed;
•   government regulators delay making sufficient spectrum available for 3g and/or 3g/4g networks, thereby restricting the expansion of 3g/4g wireless connectivity to keep pace with consumer demand;
•   wireless operators are unable to drive improvements in 3g or 3g/4g multimode network performance and/or capacity;
•   our customers' and licensees' revenues and sales of products, particularly premium-tier products, and services using these technologies, do not grow or do not grow as quickly as anticipated, due to, for example, the maturity of smartphone penetration in developed regions (where premium-tier products are common); and/or
•   we are unable to drive the adoption of our products and services into networks and devices based on cdma, ofdma and other communications technologies.
our industry is subject to competition in an environment of rapid technological change that could result in decreased demand and/or declining average selling prices for our products and those of our customers and/or licensees and/or result in placing new specifications or requirements on our products, each of which could negatively affect our revenues and operating results.
our products, services and technologies face significant competition, and the revenues they generate and/or the timing of such revenues, which depend on deployments and/or actions by others, may not meet expectations. we expect competition to increase as our current competitors expand their product offerings and as new opportunities develop, putting continued pressure on the pricing of our products and services. competition in wireless communications is affected by various factors that include, among others: device manufacturer concentrations; growth in emerging geographic regions; government intervention; evolving industry standards and business models; evolving methods of transmission of voice and data communications; increasing data traffic and densification of wireless networks; convergence of transmission platforms (including wi-fi and small cell infrastructures), which is also described as the consolidation of access points at the edge of the internet; networking and connectivity trends (including cloud services); evolving nature of computing (including demand for always on, always connected capabilities); the speed of technological change (including the transition to smaller geometry process technologies); value-added features that drive selling prices as well as consumer demand for new 3g, 3g/4g multimode and 4g devices; turnkey, integrated products that incorporate hardware, software, user interface, applications and reference designs; rapid growth in mobile data consumption; scalability; and the ability of the system technology to meet customers' immediate and future network requirements. we anticipate that additional competitors will introduce products as a result of growth opportunities in wireless communications, the trend toward global expansion by foreign and domestic competitors, technological and public policy changes and relatively low barriers to entry in certain segments of the industry.
our future success will depend on, among other factors, our ability to:
•   develop and offer integrated circuit products at competitive cost and price points to effectively cover both emerging and developed geographic regions and multiple device tiers (e.g., premium- and low-tier smartphones);
•   continue to drive the adoption of our integrated circuit products into the most popular device models and across a broad spectrum of devices, such as smartphones, tablets and other connected devices, and infrastructure products;
•   maintain and/or accelerate demand for our integrated circuit products at the premium device tier, while increasing the adoption of our products in low-tier devices and in the turnkey product channel, in part by strengthening our integrated circuit product roadmap for, and developing channel relationships in, emerging geographic regions, such as china and india, and by providing turnkey products, which incorporate our integrated circuits, for low- and mid-tier smartphones and tablets;
•   continue to be a leader in 4g technology evolution, including expansion of our ofdma-based single mode licensing program, and continue to innovate and introduce 4g turnkey, integrated products and services that differentiate us from our competition;
•   be a leader serving original equipment manufacturers, high level operating systems (hlos) providers, operators and other industry participants as competitors, new industry entrants and other factors continue to affect the industry landscape;
•   be a preferred partner (and sustain preferred relationships) providing integrated circuit products that support multiple operating system and infrastructure platforms to industry participants that effectively commercialize new devices using these platforms;
•   increase and/or accelerate demand for our wired and wireless connectivity products, including networking products for consumers, carriers and enterprise equipment and connected devices;
•   become a leading supplier of small cell modems (which enable inexpensive cell sites deployed by users to connect to traditional cellular networks through wired internet connections) and products that enable wi-fi access to support significant network capacity expansion that will be needed to meet anticipated growth in mobile data traffic;
•   identify potential acquisition targets that will grow or sustain our business or address strategic needs, reach agreement on terms acceptable to us and effectively integrate these new businesses and/or technologies;
•   create stand-alone value and/or contribute to the success of our existing businesses through acquisitions and other investments (and/or by developing customer, licensee and/or vendor relationships) in new industry segments and/or disruptive technologies, products and/or services (such as the connected home and the internet of everything, automotive products, new display technologies, mobile health, machine learning, including robotics and wireless charging, among others; and/or
•   continue to develop brand recognition to effectively compete against better known companies in mobile computing and other consumer driven segments and to deepen our presence in significant emerging geographic regions.
competition in any or all product tiers, customer concentration and/or growth in sales of low-tier products, particularly relative to premium-tier products, may reduce average selling prices for our chipset products and the products of our customers and licensees. certain of these dynamics are particularly pronounced in emerging geographic regions (e.g. china). reductions in the average selling prices of our chipset products, without a corresponding increase in volumes, would negatively impact our revenues, and without corresponding decreases in average unit costs, would negatively impact our margins. in addition, reductions in the average selling prices of our licensees' products, unless offset by an increase in volumes, would generally decrease total royalties payable to us, negatively impacting our licensing revenues.
companies that promote standards that are neither cdma- nor ofdma-based (e.g., gsm, wi-fi) as well as companies that design integrated circuits based on cdma, ofdma or their derivatives are generally competitors or potential competitors. examples (some of which are strategic partners of ours in other areas) include broadcom, ericsson, hisilicon technologies, intel, lantiq, marvell technology, maxim integrated products, mediatek, nvidia, realtek semiconductor, samsung electronics, spreadtrum communications (which is controlled by tsinghua unigroup), texas instruments and via telecom. some of these current and potential competitors have advantages over us that include, among others: lower cost structures; better known brand names; ownership and control of manufacturing facilities and greater expertise in manufacturing processes; motivation by our customers in certain circumstances to find alternate suppliers or chose alternative technologies; foreign government support of other technologies or competitors; more extensive relationships with local distribution companies and original equipment manufacturers in emerging geographic regions (such as china); and/or a more established presence in certain device markets.
certain of our software and our suppliers' software may contain or may be derived from "open source" software, and we have seen, and believe we will continue to see, an increase in customers requesting that we develop products, including software associated with our integrated circuit products, that incorporate open source software elements and operate in an open source environment, which, under certain open source licenses, may offer accessibility to a portion of a product's source code and may expose related intellectual property to adverse licensing conditions. licensing of such software may impose certain obligations on us if we were to distribute derivative works of the open source software. for example, these obligations may require us to make source code for the derivative works available to our customers in a manner that allows them to make such source code available to their customers, or license such derivative works under a particular type of license that is different than what we customarily use to license our software. developing open source products, while adequately protecting the intellectual property rights upon which our licensing business depends, may prove burdensome and time-consuming under certain circumstances, thereby placing us at a competitive disadvantage. also, our use and our customers' use of open source software may subject our products and our customers' products to governmental scrutiny and delays in product certification, which could cause customers to view our products as less desirable than our competitors' products. while we believe we have taken appropriate steps and employ adequate controls to protect our intellectual property rights, our use of open source software presents risks that could have an adverse effect on these rights and on our business.
we derive a significant portion of our consolidated revenues from a small number of customers and licensees. if revenues derived from these customers or licensees decrease or the timing of such revenues fluctuates, our operating results could be negatively affected.
our qct segment derives a significant portion of revenues from a small number of customers, and we expect this trend to continue in the foreseeable future. our industry is experiencing and may continue to experience an increasing concentration of device share among a few companies contributing to this trend. in addition, one of our integrated circuit competitors is part of a conglomerate that includes one of our largest integrated circuit customers. the loss of any one of our significant customers, a reduction in the purchases of our products by such customers or cancelation of significant purchases from any of these customers would reduce our revenues and could harm our ability to achieve or sustain expected operating results, and a delay of significant purchases, even if only temporary, would reduce our revenues in the period of the delay. further, concentration of device share among a few companies, and the corresponding purchasing power of these companies, may result in lower prices for our products which, if not accompanied by a sufficient increase in the volume of purchases of our products, could have an adverse effect on our revenues and margins. in addition, the timing and size of purchases by our significant customers may be impacted by the timing of such customers' new or next generation product introductions, over which we have little or no control, and the timing of such introductions may cause our operating results to fluctuate. accordingly, if current industry dynamics and concentrations continue, our qct segment's revenues will continue to depend largely upon, and be impacted by, future purchases and the timing and size of any such future purchases by these significant customers.
further, companies that develop hlos for devices, including leading technology companies, have entered the device market. if we fail to effectively partner or continue partnering with these companies, or with their partners or customers, they may decide not to purchase (either directly or through their contract manufacturers), or to reduce or discontinue their purchases of, our integrated circuit products.
in addition, there has been and continues to be litigation among certain of our customers and other industry participants, and the potential outcomes of such litigation, including but not limited to injunctions against devices that incorporate our products and/or intellectual property or rulings on certain patent law or patent licensing issues that create new legal precedent, could impact our business, particularly if such action impacts one of our larger customers.
although we have more than 260 cdma-based licensees, our qtl segment derives a significant portion of licensing revenues from a limited number of licensees. in the event that one or more of our significant licensees fail to meet their reporting and/or payment requirements or we are unable to renew one or more of such license agreements, our revenues, operating results and cash flows would be adversely impacted. moreover, the future growth and success of our core licensing business will depend in part on the ability of our licensees to develop, introduce and deliver high-volume products that achieve and sustain customer acceptance. we have little or no control over the product development, sales efforts or pricing of products by our licensees, and our licensees might not be successful. reductions in the average selling prices of wireless devices sold by our major licensees, without a sufficient increase in the volumes of such devices sold, would generally have an adverse effect on our licensing revenues.
the continued and future success of our licensing programs can be impacted by the deployment of other technologies in place of technologies based on cdma, ofdma and their derivatives; the need to extend certain existing license agreements that are expiring and/or to cover additional later patents; and/or the success of our licensing programs for 4g single mode products and emerging industry segments.
although we own a very strong portfolio of issued and pending patents related to gsm, gprs, edge, ofdm, ofdma, wlan, mimo and other technologies, our patent portfolio licensing program in these areas is less established and might not be as successful in generating licensing revenues as our cdma licensing program. many wireless operators are investigating, have selected or have deployed ofdma-based lte as their next-generation 4g technology in existing (or future if not yet deployed) wireless spectrum bands as complementary to their existing cdma-based networks. while 3g/4g multimode products are generally covered by our existing 3g licensing agreements, products that implement 4g that do not also implement 3g are generally not covered by these agreements. although we believe that our patented technology is essential and useful to implementation of the lte industry standards and have granted royalty-bearing licenses to more than 115 companies (including lg, microsoft, samsung, sony mobile and zte) that have realized that they need a license under our patents to make and sell products implementing 4g standards but not implementing 3g standards, it may be difficult to agree on material terms and/or conditions of new license agreements that are acceptable to us with companies that are currently unlicensed, particularly in china. further, the royalty rates for single mode 4g products are generally lower than our royalty rates for 3g and 3g/4g multimode products, and therefore, we might not achieve the same licensing revenues on such lte products as on 3g and 3g/4g multimode products. in addition, new connectivity and other services are emerging that rely on devices that may or may not be used on traditional cellular networks, such as devices used in the connected home or the internet of everything. we also seek to diversify and broaden our technology licensing programs to new industry segments in which we can leverage our technology leadership, such as wireless charging, display and other technologies. standards, even de facto standards, that develop as these technologies mature, in particular those that do not include a base level of interoperability, may impact our ability to obtain royalties that are equivalent to those that we receive for 3g and 3g/4g multimode products used in cellular communications. although we believe that our patented technology is essential and useful to the commercialization of such services, the royalties we receive may be lower than those we receive from our current licensing program.
over the long-term, we need to continue to evolve our patent portfolio. if we do not maintain a strong portfolio that is applicable to current and/or future products and/or services, our future licensing revenues could be negatively impacted.
the licenses granted to and from us under a number of our license agreements include only patents that are either filed or issued prior to a certain date and, in a small number of agreements, royalties are payable on those patents for a specified time period. as a result, there are agreements with some licensees where later patents are not licensed by or to us and/or royalties are not owed to us under such license agreements after the specified time period. in order to license or to obtain a license to such later patents, or to receive royalties after the specified time period, we will need to extend or modify such license agreements or enter into new license agreements with such licensees. we might not be able to modify those license agreements, or enter into new license agreements, in the future without affecting the material terms and conditions of our license agreements with such licensees, and such modifications or new agreements may negatively impact our revenues. if there is a delay in renewing a license agreement prior to its expiration, there would be a delay in our ability to recognize revenues related to that licensee's product sales. further, if we are unable to reach agreement on such modifications or new agreements, it could result in patent infringement litigation with such companies.
efforts by some communications equipment manufacturers or their customers to avoid paying fair and reasonable royalties for the use of our intellectual property may require the investment of substantial management time and financial resources and may result in legal decisions and/or actions by governments, courts, regulators or agencies, standards development organizations (sdos) or other industry organizations that harm our business.
from time to time, companies initiate various strategies to attempt to renegotiate, mitigate and/or eliminate their need to pay royalties to us for the use of our intellectual property. these strategies have included: (i) litigation, often alleging infringement of patents held by such companies, patent misuse, patent exhaustion, patent invalidity and/or unenforceability of our patents and/or licenses, or some form of unfair competition; (ii) taking positions contrary to our understanding of their contracts with us; (iii) appeals to governmental authorities; (iv) collective action, including working with wireless operators, standards bodies, other like-minded companies and other organizations, on both formal and informal bases, to adopt intellectual property policies and practices that could have the effect of limiting returns on intellectual property innovations; (v) lobbying governmental regulators and elected officials for the purpose of seeking the imposition of some form of compulsory licensing and/or to weaken a patent holder's ability to enforce its rights or obtain a fair return for such rights; and (vi) licensees using various strategies in attempts to shift their royalty obligation to their suppliers. in addition, particularly in china, certain licensees have disputed or underreported royalties owed to us under their license agreements with us, and certain companies have yet to enter into or delayed entering into license agreements with us for their use of our intellectual property, and such licensees and/or companies may continue to do so in the future.
we are currently subject to litigation and various governmental investigations and/or proceedings, some of which may arise out of the strategies described above. certain legal matters are described more fully in the notes to our consolidated financial statements. see "notes to consolidated financial statements, note 7 - commitments and contingencies." the unfavorable resolution of one or more of these matters could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows. depending on the type of matter, various remedies that could result from an unfavorable resolution include, among others, injunctions, monetary damages or fines or other orders to pay money and the issuance of orders to cease certain conduct and/or modify our business practices.
in addition, in connection with our participation in sdos, we, like other patent owners, generally have made contractual commitments to such organizations to license those of our patents that would necessarily be infringed by standard-compliant products (standard-essential patents) on terms that are fair, reasonable and nondiscriminatory (frand). some manufacturers and users of standard-compliant products advance interpretations of these frand commitments that are adverse to our licensing business, including interpretations that would limit the amount of royalties that we could collect on the licensing of our patent portfolio.
further, some companies or entities have proposed significant changes to existing intellectual property policies for implementation by sdos and other industry organizations with the goal of significantly devaluing standard-essential patents. for example, some have put forth proposals which would require a maximum aggregate intellectual property royalty rate for the use of all standard-essential patents owned by all of the member companies to be applied to the selling price of any product implementing the relevant standard. they have further proposed that such maximum aggregate royalty rate be apportioned to each member company with standard-essential patents based upon the number of standard-essential patents held by such company. others have proposed that injunctions not be an available remedy for infringement of standard-essential patents and/or have made proposals that could severely limit damage awards and other remedies by courts for patent infringement (e.g., by severely limiting the base upon which the royalty percentage may be applied). a number of these strategies are purportedly based on interpretations of the policies of certain sdos concerning the licensing of patents that are or may be essential to industry standards and on our (and/or other companies') alleged failure to abide by these policies.
some courts and governmental agencies have adopted and may in the future adopt some or all of these interpretations or proposals in a manner adverse to our interests, and sdos may adopt such interpretations or proposals as so-called clarifications or amendments to their intellectual property policies.
we expect that such proposals, interpretations and strategies will continue in the future, and if successful, our business model would be harmed, either by limiting or eliminating our ability to collect royalties on all or a portion of our patent portfolio, limiting our return on investment with respect to new technologies, limiting our ability to seek injunctions against infringers of our standard-essential patents, constraining our ability to make licensing commitments when submitting our technology for inclusion in future standards (which could make our technology less likely to be included in such standards) or forcing us to work outside of sdos or other industry groups to promote our new technologies, and our results of operations could be negatively impacted. in addition, the legal and other costs associated with asserting or defending our positions have been and continue to be significant. we assume that such challenges, regardless of their merits, will continue into the foreseeable future and may require the investment of substantial management time and financial resources.
the enforcement and protection of our intellectual property rights may be expensive, could fail to prevent misappropriation or unauthorized use of our proprietary intellectual property rights, could result in the loss of our ability to enforce one or more patents, or could be adversely affected by changes in patent laws, by laws in certain foreign jurisdictions that may not effectively protect our intellectual property rights or by ineffective enforcement of laws in such jurisdictions.
we rely primarily on patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws, as well as nondisclosure and confidentiality agreements, international treaties and other methods, to protect our proprietary information, technologies and processes, including our patent portfolio. policing unauthorized use of our products, technologies and proprietary information is difficult and time consuming. we cannot be certain that the steps we have taken, or may take in the future, will prevent the misappropriation or unauthorized use of our proprietary information and technologies, particularly in foreign countries where the laws may not protect our proprietary intellectual property rights as fully or as readily as united states laws or where the enforcement of such laws may be lacking or ineffective. some industry participants who have a vested interest in devaluing patents in general, or standard-essential patents in particular, have mounted attacks on certain patent systems, increasing the likelihood of changes to established patent laws. in the united states, there is continued discussion regarding potential patent law changes. the laws in certain foreign countries in which our products are or may be manufactured or sold, including certain countries in asia, may not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws in the united states. we expect that in the next few years the european union will adopt a unitary patent system that may broadly impact that region's patent regime. we cannot predict with certainty the long-term effects of any potential changes. in addition, we cannot be certain that the laws and policies of any country or the practices of any standards bodies, foreign or domestic, with respect to intellectual property enforcement or licensing or the adoption of standards, will not be changed in the future in a way detrimental to our licensing program or to the sale or use of our products or technology.
we have had and may in the future have difficulty in certain circumstances in protecting or enforcing our intellectual property rights and/or contracts, including collecting royalties for use of our patent portfolio in particular foreign jurisdictions due to, among others: policies of foreign governments; challenges to our licensing practices under such jurisdictions' competition laws; adoption of mandatory licensing provisions by foreign jurisdictions (either with controlled/regulated royalties or royalty free); failure of foreign courts to recognize and enforce judgments of contract breach and damages issued by courts in the united states; and/or challenges pending before foreign competition agencies to the pricing and integration of additional features and functionality into our chipset products. although our license agreements provide us with the right to audit the books and records of licensees, audits can be expensive, time consuming, incomplete and subject to dispute. particularly in china, certain licensees have disputed or underreported royalties owed to us under their license agreements with us, and certain companies have yet to enter into or delayed entering into license agreements for their use of our intellectual property, and such licensees and/or companies may continue to do so in the future.
we may need to litigate in the united states or elsewhere in the world to enforce our contract and/or intellectual property rights, protect our trade secrets or determine the validity and scope of proprietary rights of others. as a result of any such litigation, we could lose our ability to enforce one or more patents, portions of our license agreements could be determined to be invalid or unenforceable and/or we could incur substantial unexpected operating costs. any action we take to enforce our contract or intellectual property rights could be costly and could absorb significant management time and attention, which, in turn, could negatively impact our operating results. further, even a positive resolution to our enforcement efforts may take time to conclude, which may reduce our revenues in the period prior to conclusion.
we are subject to government regulations and policies. our business may suffer as a result of new or changed laws, regulations or policies, our failure or inability to comply with laws, regulations or policies or adverse rulings in enforcement or other proceedings.
our business, products and services, and those of our customers and licensees, are subject to various laws and regulations globally, as well as government policies and the specifications of international, national and regional communications standards bodies. the adoption of new laws, regulations or policies, changes in the interpretation of existing laws, regulations or policies, changes in the regulation of our activities by a government or standards body and/or adverse rulings in court, regulatory, administrative or other proceedings relating to such laws, regulations or policies, including, among others, those affecting licensing practices, competitive business practices, the use of our technology or products, protection of intellectual property, trade, foreign investments or loans, spectrum availability and license issuance, adoption of standards, the provision of device subsidies by wireless operators to their customers, taxation, environmental protection or employment, could have an adverse effect on our business.
we are currently subject to various governmental investigations and/or proceedings, and certain matters are described more fully in the notes to our consolidated financial statements. see "notes to consolidated financial statements, note 7 - commitments and contingencies." the unfavorable resolution of one or more of these matters could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows. depending on the type of matter, various remedies that could result from an unfavorable resolution include, among others, injunctions, monetary damages or fines or other orders to pay money, and the issuance of orders to cease certain conduct and/or modify our business practices.
delays in government approvals or other governmental activities that could result from, among others, a decrease in or a lack of funding for certain agencies or branches of the government and/or political changes, could result in our incurring higher costs, could negatively impact our ability to timely consummate strategic transactions and/or could have other negative impacts on our business and the businesses of our customers and licensees.
national, state and local environmental laws and regulations affect our operations around the world. these laws may make it more expensive to manufacture, have manufactured and sell products, and our costs could increase if our vendors (e.g., third-party manufacturers or utility companies) pass on their costs to us.
regulations in the united states require that we determine whether certain materials used in our products, referred to as conflict minerals, originated in the democratic republic of the congo or an adjoining country, or were from recycled or scrap sources. the verification and reporting requirements, in addition to customer demands for conflict free sourcing, impose additional costs on us and on our suppliers, and may limit the sources or increase the prices of materials used in our products.
further, if we are unable to determine that our products are "conflict free," we may face challenges with our customers that place us at a competitive disadvantage, and our reputation may be harmed. laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance, business conduct, public disclosure and health care are complex and changing and may create uncertainty regarding compliance. laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations in many cases, and their application in practice may evolve over time. as a result, our efforts to comply may fail, particularly if there is ambiguity as to how they should be applied in practice. new laws, regulations and standards or evolving interpretations of legal requirements may cause us to incur higher costs as we revise current practices, policies and/or procedures and may divert management time and attention to compliance activities.
our research, development and other investments in new technologies, products and services may not generate operating income or contribute to future operating results that meet our expectations.
our industry is subject to rapid technological change, evolving industry standards and frequent new product introductions, and we must make substantial research, development and other investments, such as acquisitions, in new products, services and technologies to compete successfully. technological innovations generally require significant research and development efforts before they are commercially viable. we intend to continue to make substantial investments in developing new products, services and technologies that we believe can create stand-alone value and/or contribute to the success of our existing businesses. however, it is possible that these initiatives will not be successful and/or will not result in meaningful revenues or generate operating income that meets expectations. while we continue to focus our development efforts primarily in support of 3g cdma- and 4g ofdma-based technologies, we innovate across a broad spectrum of opportunities to deploy new business models and enter into new industry segments by leveraging our existing technical and business expertise and/or through acquisitions. our recent investment initiatives relate to, among others, networking, mobile computing, small cell technology and addressing the challenge of meeting the increased demand for data; products for the connected home and the internet of everything; automotive; very high speed connectivity; new display technologies; data centers; mobile health; wireless charging; and machine learning, including robotics.
our research, development and other investments in new technologies, products or services may not succeed due to, among others: improvements in alternate technologies in ways that reduce the advantages we anticipate from our investments; competitors' products or services being more cost effective, having more capabilities or fewer limitations or being brought to market faster than our new products and services; and competitors having longer operating histories in industry segments that are new to us. we may also underestimate the costs of or overestimate the future operating income and/or margins that could result from these investments; and these investments may not, or may take many years to, generate material returns. if our new technologies, products or services are not successful, or are not successful in the time frame we anticipate, we may incur significant costs and/or asset impairments, our business may not grow as anticipated, our revenues and/or margins may be negatively impacted and/or our reputation may be harmed.
claims by other companies that we infringe their intellectual property could adversely affect our business.
from time to time, companies have asserted, and may again assert, patent, copyright and other intellectual property rights against our products or products using our technologies or other technologies used in our industry. these claims have resulted and may again result in our involvement in litigation. we may not prevail in such litigation given, among other factors, the complex technical issues and inherent uncertainties in intellectual property litigation. if any of our products or services were found to infringe on another company's intellectual property rights, we could be subject to an injunction or be required to redesign our products or services, which could be costly, or to license such rights and/or pay damages or other compensation to such other company. if we are unable to redesign our products or services, license such intellectual property rights used in our products or services or otherwise distribute our products through a licensed supplier, we could be prohibited from making and selling such products or providing such services. in any potential dispute involving other companies' patents or other intellectual property, our chipset foundries, semiconductor assembly and test providers and customers could also become the targets of litigation. we are contingently liable under certain product sales, services, license and other agreements to indemnify certain customers against certain types of liability and/or damages arising from qualifying claims of patent infringement by products or services sold or provided by us. reimbursements under indemnification arrangements could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. furthermore, any such litigation could severely disrupt the supply of our products and the businesses of our chipset customers and their customers, which in turn could hurt our relationships with them and could result in a decline in our chipset sales and/or reductions in our licensees' sales, causing a corresponding decline in our chipset and/or licensing revenues. any claims, regardless of their merit, could be time consuming to address, result in costly litigation, divert the efforts of our technical and management personnel or cause product release or shipment delays, any of which could have an adverse effect on our operating results.
we expect that we may continue to be involved in litigation and may have to appear in front of administrative bodies (such as the united states international trade commission) to defend against patent assertions against our products by companies, some of whom are attempting to gain competitive advantage or leverage in licensing negotiations. we may not be successful in such proceedings, and if we are not, the range of possible outcomes is very broad and may include, for example, monetary damages, royalty payments and/or an injunction on the sale of certain of our integrated circuit products (and on the sale of our customers' devices using such products). any imposition of royalty payments might make purchases of our products less economical for our customers and could have an adverse effect on our operating results. a negative outcome in any such proceeding could severely disrupt the business of our chipset customers and their wireless operator customers, which in turn could harm our relationships with them and could result in a decline in our share of worldwide chipset sales and/or a reduction in our licensees' sales to wireless operators, causing corresponding declines in our chipset and/or licensing revenues.
a number of other companies have claimed to own patents applicable to products implementing various cdma standards, gsm standards and ofdma standards. in addition, existing standards continue to evolve, and new standards, including those applicable to new industry segments, continue to be developed. if future standards diminish, or fail to include, a base level of interoperability, our business may be harmed, and our investments in these new segments may not succeed. if we are required to obtain additional licenses and/or pay royalties to one or more of such other patent holders, this could have an adverse effect on the commercial implementation of our products and technologies and our results of operations.
we may engage in acquisitions or strategic transactions or make strategic investments that could adversely affect our financial results or fail to enhance stockholder value.
we engage in acquisitions and strategic transactions and make strategic investments, which are important to our business strategy, with the goal of maximizing stockholder value. we acquire businesses and other assets, including patents, technology, wireless spectrum and other intangible assets, enter into joint ventures or other strategic transactions and purchase minority equity interests in or make loans to companies that may be private and early-stage. our strategic activities are generally focused on opening new or expanding opportunities for our technologies and supporting the design and introduction of new products and services (or enhancing existing products or services) for voice and data communications. many of our acquisitions or strategic investments entail a high degree of risk and require the use of domestic and/or foreign capital, and investments may not become liquid for several years after the date of the investment, if at all. our acquisitions or strategic investments may not generate financial returns or result in increased adoption or continued use of our technologies, products or services. in some cases, we may be required to consolidate or record our share of the earnings or losses of companies in which we have acquired ownership interests. in addition, we may record impairment charges related to our acquisitions or strategic investments. any losses or impairment charges that we incur related to strategic investments or other transactions will have a negative impact on our financial results, and we may continue to incur new or additional losses related to strategic assets or investments that we have not fully impaired or exited.
achieving the anticipated benefits of business acquisitions depends in part upon our ability to integrate the acquired businesses in an efficient and effective manner. the integration of companies that have previously operated independently may result in significant challenges, including, among others: retaining key employees; successfully integrating new employees, business systems and technology; retaining customers and suppliers of the acquired business; consolidating research and development and/or supply operations; minimizing the diversion of management's attention from ongoing business matters; and consolidating corporate and administrative infrastructures. we may not derive any commercial value from acquired technologies or products or from future technologies or products based on the acquired technologies, and we may be subject to liabilities that are not covered by indemnification protection that we may obtain, or we may become subject to litigation. additionally, we may not be successful in expanding into geographic regions and/or categories of products served by or adjacent to an acquired business or in addressing potential new opportunities that may arise out of the combination. in part due to our inexperience with technologies and/or products of and/or geographic regions served by acquired businesses, we may underestimate the costs and/or overestimate the benefits, including product and other synergies and growth opportunities that we expect to realize, and we may not achieve them. if we do not achieve the anticipated benefits of business acquisitions, our results of operations may be adversely affected, and we may not enhance stockholder value by engaging in these transactions.
we depend on a limited number of third-party suppliers for the procurement, manufacture and testing of our products. if we fail to execute supply strategies that provide supply assurance, technology leadership and low cost, our operating results and our business may be harmed.
our qct segment purchases wafers, die and fully-assembled and tested integrated circuits from third-party semiconductor manufacturing foundries, primarily located in asia. we also contract with third-party suppliers for assembly, test and other services related to the manufacture of our products. the following could have an adverse effect on our ability to meet customer demands and/or negatively impact our revenues, business operations, profitability and/or cash flows:
•   a failure by our suppliers to procure raw materials or to provide or allocate adequate manufacturing or test capacity for our products;
•   the loss of a supplier or the inability of a supplier to meet performance or quality specifications or delivery schedules; and/or
•   additional expense and/or production delays as a result of qualifying a new supplier and commencing volume production or testing in the event of a loss of or a decision to add or change a supplier.
while we have established alternate suppliers for certain technologies that we consider critical, we rely on sole- or limited-source suppliers for some products, subjecting us to significant risks, including: possible shortages of raw materials or manufacturing capacity; poor product performance; and reduced control over delivery schedules, manufacturing capability and yields, quality assurance, quantity and costs. to the extent we have established alternate suppliers, these suppliers may require significant levels of support to bring complex technologies to production. as a result, we may invest a significant amount of effort and resources and incur higher costs to support and maintain such alternate suppliers. further, any future consolidation of foundry suppliers could increase our vulnerability to sole- or limited-source arrangements. our arrangements with our suppliers may obligate us to incur costs to manufacture and test our products that do not decrease at the same rate as decreases in pricing to our customers. our ability, and that of our suppliers, to develop or maintain leading process technologies, including transitions to smaller geometry process technologies, and to effectively compete with the manufacturing processes and performance of our competitors, could impact our ability to introduce new products and meet customer demand, could increase our costs (possibly decreasing our margins) and could subject us to the risk of excess inventories. our inability to meet customer demand due to sole- or limited-sourcing and/or the additional costs that we incur because of these or other supply constraints or because of the need to support alternate suppliers could negatively impact our business, our revenues and our results of operations.
although we have long-term contracts with our suppliers, many of these contracts do not provide for long-term capacity commitments. to the extent that we do not have firm commitments from our suppliers over a specific time period, or for any specific quantity, our suppliers may allocate, and in the past have allocated, capacity to the production and testing of products for their other customers while reducing or limiting capacity to manufacture or test our products. accordingly, capacity for our products may not be available when we need it or at reasonable prices. to the extent we do obtain long-term capacity commitments, we may incur additional costs related to those commitments and/or make non-refundable payments for capacity commitments that are not used.
one or more of our suppliers or potential alternate suppliers may manufacture cdma- or ofdma-based integrated circuits that compete with our products. in this event, the supplier could elect to allocate raw materials and manufacturing capacity to their own products and reduce or limit deliveries to us to our detriment. in addition, we may not receive reasonable pricing, manufacturing or delivery terms. we cannot guarantee that the actions of our suppliers will not cause disruptions in our operations that could harm our ability to meet our delivery obligations to our customers or increase our cost of sales.
our stock price and earnings are subject to substantial quarterly and annual fluctuations and to market downturns.
our stock price and earnings have fluctuated in the past and are likely to fluctuate in the future. factors that may have a significant impact on the market price of our stock and/or earnings include those identified throughout this "risk factors" section, volatility of the stock market in general and technology-based companies in particular, announcements concerning us, our suppliers, our competitors or our customers and variations between our actual results and expectations of securities analysts, among others. further, increased volatility in the financial markets and/or overall economic conditions may reduce the amounts that we realize in the future on our cash equivalents and/or marketable securities and may reduce our earnings as a result of any impairment charges that we record to reduce recorded values of marketable securities to their fair values.
in the past, securities class action litigation often has been brought against a company following periods of volatility in the market price of its securities. due to changes in our stock price, we may be the target of securities litigation in the future. securities litigation could result in substantial uninsured costs and divert management's attention and resources.
our future success depends largely upon the continued service of our executive officers and other key management and technical personnel and on our ability to continue to identify, attract, retain and motivate them. implementing our business strategy requires specialized engineering and other talent, as our revenues are highly dependent on technological and product innovations. the market for employees in our industry is extremely competitive. further, existing immigration laws make it more difficult for us to recruit and retain highly skilled foreign national graduates of universities in the united states, making the pool of available talent even smaller. we continue to anticipate increases in human resource needs, particularly in engineering. if we are unable to attract and retain qualified employees, our business may be harmed.
global economic conditions that impact the mobile communications industry could negatively affect the demand for our products and services and our customers' or licensees' products and services, which may negatively affect our revenues.
a decline in global economic conditions or a slow-down in economic growth, particularly in geographic regions with high concentrations of wireless voice and data users, could have adverse, wide-ranging effects on demand for our products and for the products and services of our customers or licensees, particularly equipment manufacturers or others in the wireless communications industry who buy their products, such as wireless operators. any prolonged economic downturn may result in a decrease in demand for our products or technologies; the insolvency of key suppliers; delays in reporting and/or payments from our licensees and/or customers; failures by counterparties; and negative effects on wireless device inventories. in addition, our customers' ability to purchase or pay for our products and services and network operators' ability to upgrade their wireless networks could be adversely affected by economic conditions, leading to a reduction, cancelation or delay of orders for our products or services.
currency fluctuations could negatively affect future product sales or royalty revenues, harm our ability to collect receivables or increase the u.s. dollar cost of our products or the activities of our foreign subsidiaries and strategic investments.
our customers sell their products throughout the world in various currencies. our consolidated revenues from international customers as a percentage of our total revenues were greater than 90% during each of the last three fiscal years. adverse movements in currency exchange rates may negatively affect our business and our operating results due to a number of factors, including, among others:
•   our products and those of our customers and licensees that are sold outside the united states may become less price-competitive, which may result in reduced demand for those products and/or downward pressure on average selling prices;
•   certain of our revenues, such as royalties, that are derived from licensee or customer sales denominated in foreign currencies could decrease;
•   our foreign suppliers may raise their prices if they are impacted by currency fluctuations, resulting in higher than expected costs and lower margins; and/or
•   foreign exchange hedging transactions that we engage in to reduce the impact of currency fluctuations may require the payment of structuring fees, limit the u.s. dollar value of royalties from licensees' sales that are denominated in foreign currencies, cause earnings volatility if the hedges do not qualify for hedge accounting and expose us to counterparty risk if the counterparty fails to perform.
failures in our products or services or in the products or services of our customers or licensees, including those resulting from security vulnerabilities, defects or errors, could harm our business.
the use of devices containing our products to access untrusted content creates a risk of exposing the system software in those devices to viral or malicious attacks. while we continue to focus on this issue and are taking measures to safeguard our products from cybersecurity threats, device capabilities continue to evolve, enabling more data and processes, such as mobile computing, and increasing the risk of security failures. further, our products are inherently complex and may contain defects or errors that are detected only when the products are in use. as our chipset product complexities increase, we are required to migrate to integrated circuit technologies with smaller geometric feature sizes. the design process interface in new domains of technology is complex and adds risk to manufacturing yields and reliability. further, manufacturing, testing, marketing and use of our products and those of our customers and licensees entail the risk of product liability. because our products and services are responsible for critical functions in our customers' products and/or networks, security failures, defects or errors in our products and services could have an adverse impact on us, on our customers and on the end users of our customers' products. such adverse impact could include product liability claims or recalls, write-offs of the recorded values of our inventories and/or intangible assets; a shift of business to our competitors; a decrease in demand for connected devices and wireless services, damage to our reputation and to our customer relationships and other financial liability or harm to our business.
our business and operations could suffer in the event of security breaches.
attempts by others to gain unauthorized access to our information technology systems are increasingly more sophisticated. these attempts, which might be related to industrial or other espionage, include covertly introducing malware to our computers and networks and impersonating authorized users, among others. we seek to detect and investigate all security incidents and to prevent their recurrence, but in some cases, we might be unaware of an incident or its magnitude and effects. while we have identified several incidents of unauthorized access, to date none have caused material damage to our business. the theft, unauthorized use or publication of our intellectual property and/or confidential business information could harm our competitive position, reduce the value of our investment in research and development and other strategic initiatives and/or otherwise adversely affect our business. to the extent that any security breach results in inappropriate disclosure of our customers' or licensees' confidential information, we may incur liability. we expect to continue to devote additional resources to the security of our information technology systems.
potential tax liabilities could adversely affect our results of operations.
we are subject to income taxes in the united states and numerous foreign jurisdictions, including singapore where our qct segments' non-united states headquarters is located. significant judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes. although we believe that our tax estimates are reasonable, the final determination of tax audits and any related litigation could materially differ from amounts reflected in our historical income tax provisions and accruals. in such case, our income tax provision and results of operations in the period or periods in which that determination is made could be negatively affected.
we have tax incentives in singapore provided that we meet specified employment and incentive criteria, and as a result of expiration of these incentives, our singapore tax rate is expected to increase in fiscal 2017 and again in fiscal 2027. if we do not meet the criteria required to retain such incentives, our singapore tax rate could increase prior to those dates, and our results of operations could be adversely affected.
tax rules may change in a manner that adversely affects our future reported financial results or the way we conduct our business. for example, we consider the operating earnings of certain non-united states subsidiaries to be indefinitely reinvested outside the united states based on our current needs for those earnings to be reinvested offshore as well as estimates that future domestic cash generated from operations and/or borrowings will be sufficient to meet future domestic cash needs for the foreseeable future. no provision has been made for united states federal, state or foreign taxes that may result from future remittances of the undistributed earnings of these foreign subsidiaries. our future financial results and liquidity may be adversely affected if tax rules regarding unrepatriated earnings change, if domestic cash needs require us to repatriate foreign earnings, if the shares of these foreign subsidiaries were sold or otherwise transferred or if the united states international tax rules change as part of comprehensive tax reform or other tax legislation. if our effective tax rates were to increase, particularly in the united states or singapore, our operating results, cash flows and/or financial condition could be adversely affected.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in addition to historical information, the following discussion contains forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. actual results may differ materially from those referred to herein due to a number of factors, including but not limited to risks described in the section entitled risk factors and elsewhere in this annual report.
overview fiscal 2014 overview the transition of wireless networks and devices to 3g/4g (cdma-based, ofdma-based and cdma/ofdma multimode) continued around the world. 3g/4g connections increased to approximately 2.8 billion, up 24% year-over-year, and represent approximately 40% of total cellular connections, up from 34% at the end of fiscal 2013.(1)
revenues were $26.5 billion, an increase of 7% compared to fiscal 2013, with net income attributable to qualcomm of $8.0 billion, an increase of 16% compared to fiscal 2013.
we shipped approximately 861 million mobile station modem (msm) integrated circuits for cdma- and ofdma-based wireless devices, an increase of 20%, compared to approximately 716 million msm integrated circuits in fiscal 2013, largely driven by the adoption of 4g lte, particularly in china. growth in fiscal 2014 was largely driven by shipments to key customers for both 3g and 3g/4g multimode mobile devices in emerging regions. in particular, our lte leadership position contributed to growth from regions adopting 3g/4g lte multimode.
total reported device sales(2) by licensees were approximately $243.6 billion in fiscal 2014, an increase of approximately 5%, compared to approximately $231.2 billion in fiscal 2013. our fiscal 2014 results were favorably impacted by increased 3g/4g device shipments by licensees as a result of the continued adoption of smartphones. our results were negatively impacted by the challenges we are facing in china. our business practices continue to be the subject of an investigation by the china national development and reform commission (ndrc). we also believe that certain licensees in china currently are not fully complying with their contractual obligations to report their sales of licensed products to us (which includes certain licensees underreporting a portion of their 3g/4g device sales and a dispute with a licensee) and that unlicensed companies may seek to delay execution of new licenses while the ndrc investigation is ongoing. we are taking steps to address these matters, although the nature and timing of any resolution is uncertain.
during the first quarter of fiscal 2014, we announced our intention of returning 75% of our free cash flow (3) to stockholders through stock repurchases and dividends over the foreseeable future, where free cash flow is defined as net cash provided by operating activities less capital expenditures. in fiscal 2014, we returned $7.1 billion, or 93% of free cash flow, to stockholders, including $4.5 billion through repurchases of 60.3 million shares of common stock and $2.6 billion, or $1.54 per share, of cash dividends. shares outstanding decreased to 1.67 billion at september 28, 2014 from 1.69 billion at september 29, 2013 due to share repurchases, partially offset by net shares issued under our employee benefit plans.
(1)   according to gsma intelligence estimates as of november 3, 2014 for the quarter ended september 30, 2014 (estimates excluded wireless local loop).
(2)   total reported device sales is the sum of all reported sales in u.s. dollars (as reported to us by our licensees) of all licensed cdma-based, ofdma-based and cdma/ofdma multimode subscriber devices (including handsets, modules, modem cards and other subscriber devices) by our licensees during a particular period (collectively, 3g/4g devices). not all licensees report sales the same way (e.g., some licensees report sales net of permitted deductions, including transportation, insurance, packing costs and other items, while other licensees report sales and then identify the amount of permitted deductions in their reports), and the way in which licensees report such information may change from time to time. in addition, certain licensees may not report (in the quarter in which they are contractually obligated to report) their sales of certain types of subscriber units, which (as a result of audits, legal actions or for other reasons) may be reported in a subsequent quarter. accordingly, total reported device sales for a particular period may include prior period activity that was not reported by the licensee until such particular period.
(3)   free cash flow is a non-gaap financial measure. see "non-gaap financial information."
our business and operating segments we design, manufacture, have manufactured on our behalf and market digital communications products and services based on cdma, ofdma and other technologies. we derive revenues principally from sales of integrated circuit products and licensing our intellectual property, including patents, software and other rights.
we have three reportable segments. we conduct business primarily through two reportable segments, qct (qualcomm cdma technologies) and qtl (qualcomm technology licensing), and our qsi (qualcomm strategic initiatives) reportable segment makes strategic investments. our reportable segments are operated by qualcomm incorporated and its direct and indirect subsidiaries. following our corporate reorganization at the beginning of fiscal 2013, substantially all of our products and services businesses, including qct, and substantially all of our engineering, research and development functions, are operated by qualcomm technologies, inc. (qti), a wholly-owned subsidiary of qualcomm incorporated, and qti's subsidiaries. qtl continues to be operated by qualcomm incorporated, which continues to own the vast majority of our patent portfolio. neither qti nor any of its subsidiaries has any right, power or authority to grant any licenses or other rights under or to any patents owned by qualcomm incorporated.
qct is a leading developer and supplier of integrated circuits and system software based on cdma, ofdma and other technologies for use in voice and data communications, networking, application processing, multimedia and global positioning system products. qct's integrated circuit products and system software are sold to or licensed to manufacturers that use our products in wireless devices, particularly mobile phones, tablets, laptops, data modules, handheld wireless computers and gaming devices, access points and routers, data cards and infrastructure equipment, and in wired devices, particularly broadband gateway equipment, desktop computers and streaming media players. our msm integrated circuits, which include the mobile data modem, qualcomm single chip and qualcomm snapdragon processors, perform the core baseband modem functionality in wireless devices providing voice and data communications, as well as multimedia applications and global positioning functions. in addition, our snapdragon processors provide advanced application and graphics processing capabilities. qct's system software enables the other device components to interface with the integrated circuit products and is the foundation software enabling manufacturers to develop devices utilizing the functionality within the integrated circuits. qct revenues comprised 70%, 67% and 63% of total consolidated revenues in fiscal 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
qct utilizes a fabless production business model, which means that we do not own or operate foundries for the production of silicon wafers from which our integrated circuits are made. integrated circuits are die cut from silicon wafers that have completed the package assembly and test manufacturing processes. we rely on independent third-party suppliers to perform the manufacturing and assembly, and most of the testing, of our integrated circuits based primarily on our proprietary designs and test programs. our suppliers are also responsible for the procurement of most of the raw materials used in the production of our integrated circuits. we employ both turnkey and two-stage manufacturing models to purchase our integrated circuits. turnkey is when our foundry suppliers are responsible for delivering fully assembled and tested integrated circuits. under the two-stage manufacturing model, we purchase die or wafers from semiconductor manufacturing foundries and contract with separate third-party suppliers for manufacturing services, such as wafer bump, probe, assembly and final test.
qtl grants licenses or otherwise provides rights to use portions of our intellectual property portfolio, which, among other rights, includes certain patent rights essential to and/or useful in the manufacture and sale of certain wireless products, including, without limitation, products implementing cdma2000, wcdma, cdma tdd (including td-scdma), gsm/gprs/edge and/or ofdma standards and their derivatives. qtl licensing revenues are comprised of license fees as well as royalties based on sales by licensees of products incorporating or using our intellectual property. license fees are fixed amounts paid in one or more installments. royalties are generally based upon a percentage of the wholesale (i.e., licensee's) selling price of complete licensed products, net of certain permissible deductions (including transportation, insurance, packing costs and other items). qtl recognizes royalty revenues based on royalties reported by licensees during the quarter and when other revenue recognition criteria are met. licensees, however, do not report and pay royalties owed for sales in any given quarter until after the conclusion of that quarter. qtl revenues comprised 29%, 30% and 33% of total consolidated revenues in fiscal 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. the vast majority of such revenues were generated through our licensees' sales of cdma2000- and wcdma-based products, such as feature phones and smartphones.
qsi makes strategic investments that are focused on opening new or expanding opportunities for our technologies and supporting the design and introduction of new products and services (or enhancing existing products or services) for voice and data communications. many of these strategic investments are in early-stage companies in a variety of industries, including, but not limited to, digital media, e-commerce, energy, healthcare and wearable devices. investments primarily include non-marketable equity instruments, which generally are recorded using the cost method or the equity method, and convertible debt instruments, which are recorded at fair value. qsi also holds wireless spectrum, which at september 28, 2014, consisted of l-band spectrum in the united kingdom. as part of our strategic investment activities, we intend to pursue various exit strategies for each of our qsi investments in the foreseeable future. during fiscal 2013, we deconsolidated subsidiaries reported in qsi that were established to operate a wireless network in india (the former bwa subsidiaries), and all of our remaining interest was sold in fiscal 2014.
during the first quarter of fiscal 2014, we reassessed our management reporting as a result of the sale of the north and latin america operations of our omnitracs division, among other reasons. the omnitracs division was previously aggregated with three other divisions into the qualcomm wireless & internet (qwi) reportable segment. starting in fiscal 2014, the qwi segment was eliminated, and the former qwi divisions are included in nonreportable segments.
nonreportable segments include our qmt (qualcomm mems technologies), pixtronix and small cells divisions and other wireless technology and service initiatives. qmt plans to license its next generation imod (interferometric modulator) display technology and to focus on wearable devices. pixtronix develops and licenses display technologies based on mems (micro-electro-mechanical-systems) structure optimized for portable multimedia devices. small cells develops and supplies
3g/lte and wi-fi products designed for implementation of small mobile base stations (known as small cells). other nonreportable segments develop and offer products and services that include, but are not limited to: software products and content and push-to-talk enablement services to wireless operators; development, other services and related products to u.s. government agencies and their contractors; device-to-device communication, including software for the connected home; data center products; medical device connectivity and related data management; and augmented reality.
during fiscal 2014, we updated qmt's business plans and related internal forecasts to reflect decreases in expected cash flows. as a result of these updates, we tested the qmt division's long-lived assets and goodwill for impairment and recorded total charges of $607 million in other expenses in fiscal 2014.
discontinued operations on november 25, 2013, we completed the sale of the north and latin america operations of our omnitracs division to a u.s.-based private equity firm for cash consideration of $788 million (net of cash sold). as a result, we recorded a gain in discontinued operations of $665 million ($430 million net of income tax expense) during fiscal 2014. total assets and total liabilities were reduced by $150 million and $45 million, respectively. the revenues and operating results of the north and latin america operations of the omnitracs division, which comprised substantially all of the omnitracs division, were not presented as discontinued operations in any fiscal period because they were immaterial. the related assets (included in other current assets and other noncurrent assets) and liabilities (included in other current liabilities and other noncurrent liabilities) of $139 million and $43 million, respectively, were classified as held for sale at september 29, 2013.
on march 27, 2011, the flo tv business and network were shut down. on december 27, 2011, we completed the sale of substantially all of our 700 mhz spectrum for $1.9 billion, and as a result, we recognized a gain in discontinued operations of $1.2 billion during fiscal 2012. accordingly, the results of operations of the flo tv business were presented as discontinued operations. income (loss) from discontinued operations included share-based compensation and excluded certain general corporate expenses allocated to the flo tv business during the periods presented. discontinued operations in fiscal 2012 were $1.2 billion ($776 million net of income tax expense).
looking forward we expect continued growth in the coming years in consumer demand for 3g, 3g/4g multimode and 4g products and services around the world, driven primarily by smartphones. we also expect growth in new device categories and industries, driven by the expanding adoption of certain technologies that are already commonly used in smartphones. as we look forward to the next several months, we expect our business to be impacted by the following key items:
•   further expansion of 3g and 3g/4g multimode in emerging regions, particularly in china. we expect that the increased availability of low-tier 3g/4g smartphone products will help enable such expansion.
•   we expect that 3g/4g device prices will continue to vary broadly due to the increased penetration of smartphones combined with competition throughout the world at all price tiers. additionally, varying rates of economic growth by region, and stronger growth of device shipments in emerging regions as compared to developed regions, are expected to continue to impact the average and range of selling prices of 3g/4g devices.
•   china continues to present significant opportunities for us, particularly with the rollout of 3g/4g lte multimode. we expect the rollout of 4g services in china will encourage competition and growth, bring the benefits of 3g/4g lte multimode to consumers, encourage consumers to replace 2g (gsm) and 3g devices and enable new opportunities (e.g., machine-to-machine) for the industry.
•   china also presents significant challenges, as our business practices continue to be the subject of an investigation by the china national development and reform commission (ndrc). we also believe that certain licensees in china currently are not fully complying with their contractual obligations to report their sales of licensed products to us (which includes certain licensees underreporting a portion of their 3g/4g device sales and a dispute with a licensee) and that unlicensed companies may seek to delay execution of new licenses while the ndrc investigation is ongoing. litigation and/or other actions may be necessary to compel these licensees to report such sales and pay the required royalties for such sales and unlicensed companies to execute new licenses. further, our success in china is in part dependent upon the rate of commercialization of 4g lte products in china.
•   we continue to invest significant resources toward advancements in 3g, 3g/4g multimode and 4g lte (an ofdma-based standard) technologies, audio and video codecs, wireless baseband chips, our converged computing/communications (snapdragon) chips, graphics, connectivity, multimedia products, software and services. we are also investing across a broad spectrum of opportunities that leverage our existing technical and business expertise to deploy new business models and enter into new industry segments, such as products designed for implementation of small cells and addressing the challenge of meeting the increased demand for data; products for the connected home and the internet of everything; automotive; very high speed connectivity; new display technologies; data centers; mobile health; wireless charging; and machine learning, including robotics.
•   in october 2014, we announced that we had reached agreement with csr plc on the terms of a recommended cash offer to acquire the entire issued and to be issued ordinary share capital of csr for £9.00 per ordinary share, which values the entire issued and to be issued share capital of csr at approximately £1.6 billion (approximately $2.5 billion based upon an exchange rate of usd: gbp 1.6057). csr is an innovator in the development of multifunction semiconductor platforms and technologies for the auto, consumer and voice and music market segments. the acquisition complements our current offerings by adding products, channels and customers in the growth categories of the internet of everything and automotive infotainment, accelerating our presence and path to leadership. the acquisition is subject to a number of conditions, including receipt of united states and other regulatory approvals and the approval of csr's shareholders. subject to the satisfaction of these conditions, the acquisition is expected to close by the end of the summer of 2015.
in addition to the foregoing business and market-based matters, we continue to devote resources to working with and educating participants and governments in the wireless value chain as to the benefits of our business model and our extensive technology investments in promoting a highly competitive and innovative wireless industry. however, we expect that certain companies may continue to be dissatisfied with the need to pay reasonable royalties for the use of our technology and not welcome the success of our business model in enabling new, highly cost-effective competitors to their products. we expect that such companies and/or governments or regulators will continue to challenge our business model in various forums throughout the world.
further discussion of risks related to our business is presented in the risk factors included in this annual report.
critical accounting estimates our discussion and analysis of our results of operations and liquidity and capital resources are based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states. the preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. on an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and judgments, including those related to valuation of goodwill, other indefinite-lived assets and long-lived assets, valuation of marketable securities, income taxes and litigation. we base our estimates on historical and anticipated results and trends and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, including assumptions as to future events. these estimates form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. by their nature, estimates are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty. although we believe that our estimates and the assumptions supporting our assessments are reasonable, actual results that differ from our estimates could have a significant adverse effect on our operating results and financial position. we believe that the following significant accounting estimates may involve a higher degree of judgment and complexity than others.
valuation of goodwill, other indefinite-lived assets and long-lived assets. our business acquisitions typically result in the recording of goodwill, other intangible assets and property, plant and equipment and the recorded values of those assets may become impaired in the future. we also acquire intangible assets in other types of transactions. at september 28, 2014, our goodwill, other intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization, and property, plant and equipment, net of depreciation, were $4.5 billion, $2.6 billion and $2.5 billion, respectively. the determination of the value of intangible assets acquired in a business combination requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect our consolidated financial statements. the estimated fair values of such intangible assets are used to establish their recorded values. for intangible assets acquired in a non-monetary exchange, the estimated fair values of the assets transferred (or the estimated fair values of the assets received, if more clearly evident) are used to establish their recorded values, unless the values of neither the assets received nor the assets transferred are determinable within reasonable limits, in which case the assets received are measured based on the carrying values of the assets transferred. valuation techniques consistent with the market approach, income approach and/or cost approach are used to measure fair value. an estimate of fair value can be affected by many assumptions that require significant judgment. for example, the income approach generally requires assumptions related to the appropriate business model to be used to estimate cash flows, total addressable market, pricing and share forecasts, competition, technology obsolescence, future tax rates and discount rates. our estimate of the fair value of certain assets may differ materially from that determined by others who use different assumptions or utilize different business models. new information may arise in the future that affects our fair value estimates and could result in adjustments to our estimates in the future, which could have an adverse impact on our results of operations.
goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested annually for impairment and in interim periods if certain events occur indicating that the carrying amounts may be impaired. long-lived assets, such as property, plant and equipment and intangible assets subject to amortization, are reviewed for impairment when there is evidence that events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable. our judgments regarding the existence of impairment indicators and future cash flows related to goodwill, other indefinite-lived intangible assets and long-lived assets may be based on operational performance of our businesses, market conditions, expected selling price and/or other factors. although there are inherent uncertainties in this assessment process, the estimates and assumptions we use, including estimates of future cash flows, volumes, market penetration and discount rates, are consistent with our internal planning, when appropriate. if these estimates or their related assumptions change in the future, we may be required to record an impairment charge on a portion or all of our goodwill, other indefinite-lived intangible assets and long-lived assets. furthermore, we cannot predict the occurrence of future impairment-triggering events nor the impact such events might have on our reported asset values. future events could cause us to conclude that impairment indicators exist and that goodwill or other intangible assets associated with our acquired businesses are impaired. any resulting impairment loss could have an adverse impact on our financial position and results of operations. during fiscal 2014, 2013 and 2012, we recorded $607 million, $158 million and $54 million, respectively, in impairment charges for goodwill and long-lived assets resulting from updates to our estimates of the expected cash flows of our qmt division as we transition to a licensing model. goodwill of nonreportable segments that was at risk of failing step one of the goodwill impairment test was not material at september 28, 2014.
valuation of marketable securities. we hold investments in marketable securities, including u.s. treasury and government-related securities, corporate bonds and notes, mortgage- and asset-backed securities, auction rate securities, common and preferred stock and equity and debt funds. the fair value of these investments totaled $24.1 billion at september 28, 2014, with increases and decreases in fair value generally recorded through stockholders' equity as other comprehensive income or loss. we record impairment charges through the statement of operations when we believe an investment has experienced a decline that is other than temporary. the determination that a decline is other than temporary is subjective and influenced by many factors. adverse changes in market conditions or poor operating results of investees could result in losses or an inability to recover the carrying value of the investments, thereby requiring impairment charges. when assessing these investments for an other-than-temporary decline in value, we consider such factors as, among other things, the significance of the decline in value as compared to the cost basis; underlying factors contributing to a decline in the prices of securities in a single asset class; how long the market value of the security has been less than its cost basis; the security's relative performance versus its peers, sector or asset class; expected market volatility; the market and economy in general; analyst recommendations and price targets; views of external investment managers; news or financial information that has been released specific to the investee; and the outlook for the overall industry in which the investee operates, as applicable. if we determine that a security price decline is other than temporary, we record an impairment loss, which could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. during fiscal 2014, 2013 and 2012, we recorded $156 million, $72 million and $71 million, respectively, in impairment losses on our investments in marketable securities.
income taxes. our income tax returns are based on calculations and assumptions that are subject to examination by the internal revenue service (irs) and other tax authorities. in addition, the calculation of our tax liabilities involves uncertainties in the application of complex tax regulations. we recognize liabilities for uncertain tax positions based on a two-step process. the first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on audit, including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if any. the second step is to measure the tax benefit as the largest amount that is more than 50% likely of being realized upon settlement. while we believe we have appropriate support for the positions taken on our tax returns, we regularly assess the potential outcomes of examinations by taxing authorities in determining the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. we continually assess the likelihood and amount of potential adjustments and adjust the income tax provision, income taxes payable and deferred taxes in the period in which the facts that give rise to a revision become known. we are participating in the irs compliance assurance process program whereby we endeavor to agree with the irs on the treatment of all issues prior to filing our federal return. a benefit of participation in this program is that post-filing adjustments by the irs are less likely to occur.
our qct segment's non-united states headquarters is located in singapore. we obtained tax incentives in singapore that commenced in march 2012, including a tax exemption for the first five years, provided that we meet specified employment and incentive criteria, and as a result of expiration of these incentives, our singapore tax rate will increase in fiscal 2017 and again in fiscal 2027.
we consider the operating earnings of certain non-united states subsidiaries to be indefinitely reinvested outside the united states based on our plans for use and/or investment outside of the united states and our belief that our sources of cash and liquidity in the united states will be sufficient to meet future domestic cash needs. on a regular basis, we consider projected cash needs for, among other things, investments in our existing businesses, future research and development, potential acquisitions and capital transactions, including repurchases of our common stock and debt repayments. we estimate the amount of cash or other liquidity that is available or needed in the jurisdictions where these investments are expected, as well as our ability to generate cash in those jurisdictions and our access to capital markets. this analysis enables us to conclude whether or not we will indefinitely reinvest the current period's foreign earnings. we have not recorded a deferred tax liability of approximately $9.1 billion related to the united states federal and state income taxes and foreign withholding taxes on approximately $25.7 billion of undistributed earnings of certain non-united states subsidiaries indefinitely reinvested outside the united states. should we decide to no longer indefinitely reinvest such earnings outside the united states, we would have to adjust the income tax provision in the period we make such determination.
legal proceedings. we are currently involved in certain legal proceedings, and we intend to continue to vigorously defend ourselves. however, the unfavorable resolution of one or more of these proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows. a broad range of remedies with respect to our business practices that are deemed to violate applicable laws are potentially available. these remedies may include, among others, injunctions, monetary damages or fines or other orders to pay money and the issuance of orders to cease certain conduct and/or to modify our business practices. we record our best estimate of a loss related to pending legal proceedings when the loss is considered probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated. where a range of loss can be reasonably estimated with no best estimate in the range, we record the minimum estimated liability. as additional information becomes available, we assess the potential liability related to pending legal proceedings and revise our estimates. revisions in our estimates of the potential liability could materially impact our results of operations. regarding the ndrc matter, we believe that a loss is probable but that any possible range of loss cannot be reasonably estimated at this time.
results of operations revenues (in millions)                                                                             year ended september 28, 2014            september 29, 2013            september 30, 2012       2014 vs. 2013 change       2013 vs. 2012 change equipment and services           $18,625                       $16,988                       $12,465                     $1,637                     $4,523
the increases in equipment and services revenues in fiscal 2014 and 2013 were primarily due to increases in qct revenues of $1.94 billion and $4.58 billion, respectively. the increase in equipment and services revenues in fiscal 2014 was partially offset by a decrease of $305 million as a result of the sale of our omnitracs division during fiscal 2014. the decrease in our licensing revenues in fiscal 2014 was primarily due to a decrease in a nonreportable segment's revenues of $32 million, partially offset by an increase in qtl revenues of $15 million. the increase in our licensing revenues in fiscal 2013 was primarily due to an increase in qtl revenues of $1.23 billion.
qct and qtl segment revenues related to the products of samsung electronics and hon hai precision industry co., ltd/foxconn, its affiliates and other suppliers to apple inc. comprised 49%, 43% and 38% of total consolidated revenues in fiscal 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
revenues from customers in china, south korea and taiwan comprised 50%, 23% and 11%, respectively, of total consolidated revenues for fiscal 2014, compared to 49%, 20%, and 11%, respectively, for fiscal 2013, and 42%, 22% and 14%, respectively, for fiscal 2012. we report revenues from external customers by country based on the location to which our products or services are delivered, which for qct is generally the country in which our customers manufacture their products, or for licensing revenues, the invoiced addresses of our licensees. as a result, the revenues by country presented herein are not necessarily indicative of either the country in which the devices containing our products and/or intellectual property are ultimately sold to consumers or the country in which the companies that sell the devices are headquartered. for example, china revenues would include revenues related to shipments of integrated circuits to a company that is headquartered in south korea but that manufactures devices in china, which devices are then sold to consumers in europe and/or the united states.
costs and expenses (in millions)                    year ended september 28, 2014            september 29, 2013            september 30, 2012             2014 vs. 2013 change       2013 vs. 2012 change cost of equipment and services (e&amp;s) revenues   $10,686                       $9,820                        $7,096                                $866                     $2,724
cost as % of e&amp;s revenues                       57                %        58                   %        57                   %
the increase in margin percentage in fiscal 2014 was primarily attributable to a net decrease in gross margin losses incurred by our nonreportable segments, partially offset by a decrease in qct's gross margin. the decrease in margin percentage in fiscal 2013 was primarily attributable to a decrease in qct gross margin percentage. our margin percentage may continue to fluctuate in future periods depending on the mix of products sold and services provided, competitive pricing, new product introduction costs and other factors.
year ended september 28, 2014            september 29, 2013            september 30, 2012       2014 vs. 2013 change       2013 vs. 2012 change research and development                        $5,477                        $4,967                        $3,915                       $510                     $1,052
% of revenues                                       21        %                   20        %                   20        %
% of revenues                                        9        %                   10        %                   12        %
the dollar increases in research and development expenses in fiscal 2014 and 2013 were primarily attributable to increases of $395 million and $904 million, respectively, in costs related to the development of cdma-based 3g, ofdma-based 4g lte and other technologies for integrated circuit products and to expand our intellectual property portfolio and increases of $29 million and $97 million, respectively, in share-based compensation. remaining dollar increases were related to research and development of other new product and licensing initiatives.
the dollar decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses in fiscal 2014 was primarily attributable to decreases of $59 million in costs related to litigation and other legal matters, $53 million in share-based compensation, $53 million in selling and marketing expenses and $22 million in employee-related expenses. the decrease in employee-related expenses and a portion of the decrease in share-based compensation in fiscal 2014 were due to the sale of our omnitracs division during fiscal 2014. the dollar increase in selling, general and administrative expenses in fiscal 2013 was primarily attributable to a $113 million increase in employee-related expenses, a $56 million increase in selling and marketing expenses, a $40 million increase in patent-related expenses and a $29 million increase in depreciation and amortization expense, partially offset by a decrease of $23 million in share-based compensation.
other expenses in fiscal 2014 were comprised of $607 million in long-lived asset and goodwill impairment charges and $19 million in restructuring-related costs incurred by our qmt division, a $16 million goodwill impairment charge related to our former qrs (qualcomm retail solutions) division and a $15 million legal settlement, partially offset by the reversal of a $173 million expense accrual recorded in fiscal 2013 related to the parkervision verdict against us. other expenses in fiscal 2013 were comprised of the $173 million parkervision charge and a $158 million impairment charge related to certain long-lived assets of our qmt division. other expenses in fiscal 2012 were comprised of an $81 million charge related to the former bwa subsidiaries, a $54 million impairment charge related to certain long-lived assets of our qmt division and $23 million in goodwill impairment charges related to our former qrs division.
net investment income (in millions)                                                                                                            year ended september 28, 2014             september 29, 2013             september 30, 2012           2014 vs. 2013 change          2013 vs. 2012 change interest and dividend income                                                  $586                           $697                           $609                          $(111        )                  $88
net realized gains on marketable securities                                    770                            317                            342                            453                           (25        )
impairment losses on marketable securities and other investments              (180        )                   (85        )                   (83        )                   (95        )                   (2        )
equity in net losses of investees                                              (10        )                    (6        )                    (9        )                    (4        )                    3
net gains on deconsolidation of subsidiaries                                     6                             12                              -                             (6        )                   12
in fiscal 2014, we rebalanced our marketable securities portfolio, which resulted in lower interest and dividend income, due to lower interest rates, and higher net realized gains on marketable securities, compared to fiscal 2013. the increase in impairment losses on marketable securities and other investments in fiscal 2014 was primarily due to an increase in our recognition of unrealized losses on marketable debt securities that we intended to sell or that we more likely than not would sell before recovery, which was also impacted by our portfolio rebalancing. we have completed the majority of our rebalancing, and as a result, we expect to earn lower interest and dividend income and record lower realized gains in fiscal 2015, compared to fiscal 2014.
the increase in interest and dividend income in fiscal 2013 resulted from higher average balances of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities in fiscal 2013, compared to fiscal 2012. the decrease in interest expense in fiscal 2013 resulted from capitalizing a portion of interest starting in fiscal 2012 related to the former bwa subsidiaries, which were deconsolidated in fiscal 2013. net gains on derivative instruments in fiscal 2012 primarily resulted from changes in the fair value of put options sold in connection with our stock repurchase program that expired in fiscal 2012.
income tax expense (in millions)   year ended september 28, 2014            september 29, 2013            september 30, 2012             2014 vs. 2013 change       2013 vs. 2012 change income tax expense                 $1,244                        $1,349                        $1,279                               $(105        )               $70
the following table summarizes the primary factors that caused our annual effective tax rates to be less than the united states federal statutory rate:
benefits from foreign income taxed at other than u.s. rates          (20   %)                    (17          %)             (16          %)
benefits related to the research and development tax credits          (1   %)                     (2          %)              (1          %)
change in valuation allowance                                          -   %                       -           %               1           %
the effective tax rate for our state income tax provision, net of federal benefit, was negligible for all years presented. the effective tax rate for fiscal 2014 reflected a tax benefit of $66 million related to fiscal 2013 resulting from an agreement reached with the internal revenue service on components of our fiscal 2013 tax return. additionally, the effective tax rate for fiscal 2014 as compared to fiscal 2013 reflected increased foreign earnings taxed at less than the united states federal rate. the effective tax rate for fiscal 2013 reflected a tax benefit of $64 million related to fiscal 2012 resulting from the retroactive extension of the united states research and development tax credit. additionally, the effective tax rate for fiscal 2013 as compared to fiscal 2012 reflected increased foreign earnings taxed at less than the united states federal rate. the effective tax rate for fiscal 2012 reflected a reduction in our effective state tax rate as a result of california tax legislation previously enacted, partially offset by increased earnings taxed at the united states tax rate. the annual effective tax rate for fiscal 2012 only reflected the united states federal research and development credit generated through december 31, 2011, the date on which the credit expired.
the following should be read in conjunction with the fiscal 2014, 2013 and 2012 financial results for each reporting segment. see "notes to consolidated financial statements, note 8. segment information."
ebt as a % of revenues          20   %             87   %
ebt as a % of revenues          19   %             87   %
ebt as a % of revenues          19   %             88   %
qct segment. the increases in qct revenues in fiscal 2014 and 2013 of $1.95 billion and $4.57 billion, respectively, were primarily due to increases in equipment and services revenues. equipment and services revenues, mostly related to sales of msm and accompanying rf and pm integrated circuits, were $18.43 billion, $16.49 billion and $11.91 billion in fiscal 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. the increase in equipment and services revenues in 2014 resulted primarily from increases of $2.66 billion related to higher msm and accompanying rf and pm unit shipments and $203 million related to sales of connectivity products, partially offset by a net decrease of $1.08 billion resulting from lower average selling prices offset by higher-priced product mix. the increase in equipment and services revenues in 2013 resulted primarily from a net increase of $2.09 billion resulting from higher-priced product mix offset by lower average selling prices and increases of $2.05 billion related to higher msm and accompanying rf and pm unit shipments and $212 million related to sales of connectivity products. approximately 861 million, 716 million and 590 million msm integrated circuits were sold during fiscal 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
qct ebt as a percentage of revenues increased in fiscal 2014, compared to fiscal 2013. during fiscal 2014, qct revenues increased 12% relative to a combined increase of 5% in research and development expenses and selling, general and administrative expenses, whereas gross margin percentage decreased as a result of lower average selling prices and lower-margin product mix, partially offset by lower average unit costs. qct ebt as a percentage of revenues remained flat in fiscal 2013, compared to fiscal 2012. during fiscal 2013, qct revenues increased 38% relative to a combined increase of 26% in research and development expenses and selling, general and administrative expenses, whereas qct gross margin percentage decreased as a result of lower average selling prices and lower-margin product mix, partially offset by lower average unit costs.
qct inventories increased by 12% in fiscal 2014 from $1.30 billion to $1.46 billion primarily due to an increase in work-in-process and finished goods related to the growth of the business.
qtl segment. the increases in qtl revenues in fiscal 2014 and 2013 of $15 million and $1.23 billion, respectively, were primarily due to increases in sales of cdma-based products, including multimode products that also implement ofdma, by licensees, partially offset by decreases in revenues per unit. qtl ebt as a percentage of revenues remained flat in fiscal 2014, compared to fiscal 2013. during fiscal 2014, qtl revenues increased slightly relative to an increase of 2% in costs and expenses. qtl revenues and ebt for fiscal 2014 were impacted by units that we believe are being underreported by certain licensees, a dispute with a licensee and sales of certain unlicensed products in china. the decrease in qtl ebt as a percentage of revenues during fiscal 2013 was attributable to an increase of 19% in revenues relative to an increase of 29% in costs and expenses primarily due to increased allocation of patent expenses in connection with the corporate reorganization and increased research and development expenses.
qsi segment. the decrease in qsi ebt in fiscal 2014 of $63 million was primarily due to a decrease of $39 million in net realized gains on investments and an increase of $35 million in impairment losses on investments, partially offset by a decrease of $16 million in interest expense related to the former bwa subsidiaries. qsi costs and expenses for fiscal 2012 included $81 million related to the former bwa subsidiaries; the increase in qsi ebt in fiscal 2013 of $145 million, excluding the impact of this fiscal 2012 expense, was primarily due to an increase of $67 million in net realized gains on investments and a decrease of $60 million in interest expense incurred by the former bwa subsidiaries.
liquidity and capital resources our principal sources of liquidity are our existing cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, cash generated from operations and proceeds from the issuance of common stock under our stock option and employee stock purchase plans. cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities were $32.0 billion at september 28, 2014, an increase of $2.6 billion from september 29, 2013. this increase included $1.4 billion in proceeds from the issuance of common stock under our equity compensation plans and $788 million in net proceeds from the sale of the north and latin america operations of our omnitracs division. our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities at september 28, 2014 consisted of $5.8 billion held by united states-based entities and $26.2 billion held by foreign entities. most of our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities held by foreign entities is indefinitely reinvested and would be subject to material tax effects if repatriated. however, we believe that our united states sources of cash and liquidity are sufficient to meet our business needs in the united states and do not expect that we will need to repatriate the funds. total cash provided by operating activities increased to $8.9 billion during fiscal 2014, compared to $8.8 billion during fiscal 2013.
accounts receivable increased 13% during fiscal 2014. days sales outstanding, on a consolidated basis, were 32 days at september 28, 2014, compared to 30 days at september 29, 2013. the increase in accounts receivable was primarily due to the effects of increased revenues related to integrated circuits and a receivable related to a dispute with a licensee. the increase in days sales outstanding was primarily due to a receivable related to a dispute with a licensee.
during fiscal 2014, we repurchased and retired 60,253,000 shares of common stock for $4.5 billion, before commissions. on march 4, 2014, we announced that we had been authorized to repurchase up to $7.8 billion of our common stock. at september 28, 2014, approximately $5.3 billion remained available for repurchase under our stock repurchase program. since september 28, 2014, we repurchased and retired 8,595,000 shares of common stock for $638 million. we continue to evaluate repurchases as a means of returning capital to stockholders, subject to our periodic determinations that repurchases are in the best interests of our stockholders.
we paid cash dividends totaling $2.6 billion and $2.1 billion, or $1.54 and $1.20 per common share, during fiscal 2014 and 2013, respectively. on march 4, 2014, we announced an increase in our quarterly dividend from $0.35 to $0.42 per share of common stock. on october 16, 2014, we announced a cash dividend of $0.42 per share on our common stock, payable on december 18, 2014 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on december 1, 2014. we intend to continue to use cash dividends as a means of returning capital to stockholders, subject to capital availability and our view that cash dividends are in the best interests of our stockholders.
we intend to return 75% of our free cash flow to stockholders through stock repurchases and dividends over the foreseeable future, where free cash flow is defined as net cash provided by operating activities less capital expenditures. to meet this goal, we expect to use existing cash and marketable securities held by, and cash flow generated from, united states-based entities, and we anticipate that we will supplement this by borrowing additional funds in fiscal 2015. the requirement for and timing of such borrowing is subject to a number of factors, including the cash flow generated by united states-based entities, acquisitions and strategic investments, acceptable interest rates and changes in corporate income tax law, among other factors.
subject to the foregoing paragraph, we believe our current cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities and our expected cash flow generated from operations will satisfy our working and other capital requirements over the next fiscal year and beyond based on our current business plans. recent and expected working and other capital requirements also include:
•   our research and development expenditures were $5.5 billion and $5.0 billion in fiscal 2014 and 2013, respectively, and we expect to continue to invest heavily in research and development for new technologies, applications and services for voice and data communications, primarily in the wireless industry.
•   cash outflows for capital expenditures were $1.2 billion and $1.0 billion in fiscal 2014 and 2013, respectively. we expect to continue to incur capital expenditures in the future to support our business, including research and development activities. future capital expenditures may be impacted by transactions that are currently not forecasted.
•   our purchase obligations for fiscal 2015, some of which relate to research and development activities and capital expenditures, totaled $3.4 billion at september 28, 2014.
•   in october 2014, we announced that we had reached agreement with csr plc on the terms of a recommended cash offer to acquire the entire issued and to be issued ordinary share capital of csr for £9.00 per ordinary share, which values the entire issued and to be issued share capital of csr at approximately £1.6 billion (approximately $2.5 billion based upon an exchange rate of usd: gbp 1.6057). we expect to use existing cash resources to fund the acquisition. the acquisition is subject to a number of conditions, including receipt of united states and other regulatory approvals and the approval of csr's shareholders. subject to the satisfaction of these conditions, the acquisition is expected to close by the end of the summer of 2015.
•   we expect to continue making strategic investments and acquisitions, the amounts of which could vary significantly, to open new opportunities for our technologies, obtain development resources, grow our patent portfolio and/or pursue new businesses.
contractual obligations / off-balance sheet arrangements we have no significant contractual obligations not fully recorded on our consolidated balance sheets or fully disclosed in the notes to our consolidated financial statements. we have no material off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in s-k 303(a)(4)(ii).
operating lease obligations                          304                  91                 137                   51                   25            -
(1)   total purchase obligations include $2.8 billion in commitments to purchase integrated circuit product inventories. integrated circuit product inventory obligations represent purchase commitments for wafers, die, finished goods and manufacturing services, such as wafer bump, probe, assembly and final test. under our manufacturing relationships with our foundry suppliers and assembly and test service providers, cancelation of outstanding purchase orders is generally allowed but requires payment of all costs incurred through the date of cancelation.
(2)   certain of these commitments do not have fixed funding dates and are subject to certain conditions. commitments represent the maximum amounts to be funded under these arrangements; actual funding may be in lesser amounts or not at all.
(3)   certain long-term liabilities reflected on our balance sheet, such as unearned revenues, are not presented in this table because they do not require cash settlement in the future. other long-term liabilities as presented in this table include the related current portions.
(4)   our consolidated balance sheet at september 28, 2014 included $76 million in noncurrent liabilities for uncertain tax positions, some of which may result in cash payment. the future payments related to uncertain tax positions have not been presented in the table above due to the uncertainty of the amounts and timing of cash settlement with the taxing authorities.
additional information regarding our financial commitments at september 28, 2014 is provided in the notes to our consolidated financial statements. see "notes to consolidated financial statements, note 7. commitments and contingencies."
recent accounting pronouncements in may 2014, the financial accounting standards board issued accounting standards update (asu) no. 2014-09, "revenue from contracts with customers," which outlines a comprehensive revenue recognition model and supersedes most current revenue recognition guidance. the new standard requires a company to recognize revenue upon transfer of goods or services to a customer at an amount that reflects the expected consideration to be received in exchange for those goods or services. asu 2014-09 defines a five-step approach for recognizing revenue which may require a company to use more judgment and make more estimates than under the current guidance. this asu will be effective for us starting in the first quarter of fiscal 2018. the new standard allows for two methods of adoption: (a) full retrospective adoption, meaning the standard is applied to all periods presented, or (b) modified retrospective adoption, meaning the cumulative effect of applying the new standard is recognized as an adjustment to the fiscal 2018 opening retained earnings balance. we are in the process of determining the adoption method as well as the effects the adoption will have on our consolidated financial statements.
non-gaap financial information this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations includes references to free cash flow and return of capital to stockholders as a percent of free cash flow. these are financial measures that were not prepared in accordance with gaap. we define "free cash flow" as net cash provided by operating activities less capital expenditures and "return of capital to stockholders" as cash paid to repurchase shares of our common stock and cash dividends paid.
the non-gaap financial information presented should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, or superior to, financial measures calculated in accordance with gaap. in addition, "non-gaap" is not a term defined by gaap, and as a result, our measure of non-gaap results might be different than similarly titled measures used by other companies.
we use free cash flow to facilitate an understanding of the amount of cash flow generated that is available to grow our business and to create long-term stockholder value. we believe return of capital to stockholders as a percentage of free cash flow provides insight into our cash-generating activities relative to the amount of capital returned to stockholders. these non-gaap measures are supplemental to the comparable gaap measures. the following is a reconciliation between gaap and non-gaap results for fiscal 2014 (dollars in millions):
net cash provided by operating activities (gaap)                                                                 $8,887
capital expenditures                                                                                             (1,185   )
cash paid to repurchase shares of our common stock (before commissions)                                          $4,548
total return of capital to stockholders                                                                          $7,134
total return of capital to stockholders as a percentage of net cash provided by operating activities (gaap)          80   %
total return of capital to stockholders as a percentage of free cash flow (non-gaap)                                 93   %