item 1a. risk factors cautionary statements the statements, estimates, projections or outlook contained in this annual report on form 10-k include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 (pslra). when used in this annual report on form 10-k and in future filings by us with the sec, in our news releases, presentations to securities analysts or investors, and in oral statements made by or with the approval of one of our executive officers, the words "believe," "expect," "intend," "estimate," "anticipate," "forecast," "plan," "project," "should" or similar words or phrases are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. these statements are intended to take advantage of the "safe harbor" provisions of the pslra. these forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially from the expectations expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date of this report and, except as required by law; we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances, including unanticipated events, after the date of this report.
the following discussion contains cautionary statements regarding our business that investors and others should consider. we do not undertake to address in future filings or communications regarding our business or results of operations how any of these factors may have caused our results to differ from discussions or information contained in previous filings or communications. in addition, any of the matters discussed below may have affected past, as well as current, forward-looking statements about future results. any or all forward-looking statements in this annual report on form 10-k and in any other public filings or statements we make may turn out to be wrong. they can be affected by inaccurate assumptions we might make or by known or unknown risks and uncertainties. many factors discussed below will be important in determining our future results. by their nature, forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or results and are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict or quantify.
if we fail to estimate, price for and manage our medical costs in an effective manner, the profitability of our risk-based products and services could decline and could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
through our risk-based benefit products, we assume the risk of both medical and administrative costs for our customers in return for monthly premiums. premium revenues from risk-based benefits products comprise nearly 90% of our total consolidated revenues. we generally use approximately 80% to 85% of our premium revenues to pay the costs of health care services delivered to these customers. the profitability of our products depends in large part on our ability to predict, price for, and effectively manage medical costs. in this regard, health reform legislation established minimum mlrs for certain health plans and authorized hhs to maintain an annual price increase review process for commercial health plans, which could make it more difficult for us to increase the prices of our products. in addition, our optumhealth local care delivery business negotiates capitation arrangements with commercial third-party payers. under the typical capitation arrangement, the health care provider receives a fixed percentage of a third-party payer's premiums to cover all or a defined portion of the medical costs provided to the capitated member. if we fail to predict accurately, price for or manage the costs of providing care to our capitated members, our results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
we manage medical costs through underwriting criteria, product design, negotiation of favorable provider contracts and care management programs. total medical costs are affected by the number of individual services rendered, the cost of each service and the type of service rendered. our premium revenue on commercial policies is typically at a fixed monthly rate per individual served for a 12-month period and is generally priced one to four months before the contract commences. our revenue on medicare policies is based on bids submitted in june the year before the contract year. although we base the premiums we charge and our medicare bids on our estimates of future medical costs over the fixed contract period, many factors may cause actual costs to exceed those estimated and reflected in premiums or bids. these factors may include medical cost inflation, increased use of services, increased cost of individual services, natural catastrophes or other large-scale medical emergencies, epidemics, the introduction of new or costly drugs, treatments and technology, new mandated benefits (such as the expansion of essential benefits coverage) or other regulatory changes and insured population characteristics. relatively small differences between predicted and actual medical costs or utilization rates as a percentage of revenues can result in significant changes in our financial results. for example, if our 2014 medical costs for commercial insured products were 1% higher, without proportionally higher revenues from such products, our annual net earnings for 2014 would have been reduced by approximately $190 million, excluding any offsetting impact from premium rebates due to minimum mlrs.
in addition, the financial results we report for any particular period include estimates of costs that have been incurred for which claims are still outstanding. these estimates involve an extensive degree of judgment. if these estimates prove too low, our results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
our business activities are highly regulated and new laws or regulations or changes in existing laws or regulations or their enforcement or application could materially and adversely affect our business.
we are regulated by federal, state and local governments in the united states and other countries where we do business. our insurance and hmo subsidiaries must be licensed by and are subject to regulation in the jurisdictions in which they conduct business. for example, states require periodic financial reports and enforce minimum capital or restricted cash reserve requirements. health plans and insurance companies are also regulated under state insurance holding company regulations, and some of our activities may be subject to other health care-related regulations and requirements, including those relating to ppos, mcos, ur and tpa-related regulations and licensure requirements. some of our unitedhealthcare and optum businesses hold or provide services related to government contracts and are subject to u.s. federal and state and non-u.s. self-referral, anti-kickback, medical necessity, risk adjustment, false claims, and other laws and regulations governing government contractors and the use of government funds. in addition, under state guaranty fund laws, certain insurance companies can be assessed (up to prescribed limits) for certain obligations to the policyholders and claimants of insolvent insurance companies that write the same line or similar lines of business. any such assessment could expose our insurance entities to the risk of paying a portion of an insolvent insurance company's claims through state guaranty association assessments in future periods.
certain of our businesses provide products or services to various government agencies. our relationships with these government agencies are subject to the terms of contracts that we hold with the agencies and to laws and regulations regarding government contracts. among others, certain laws and regulations restrict or prohibit companies from performing work for government agencies that might be viewed as an actual or potential conflict of interest. these laws may limit our ability to pursue and perform certain types of work, thereby materially and adversely affecting our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
certain of our optum businesses are also subject to regulations, which are distinct from those faced by our insurance and hmo subsidiaries, including, for example, fda regulations, state telemedicine regulations, debt collection laws, banking regulations, distributor and producer licensing requirements, state corporate practice of medicine doctrines, fee-splitting rules, health care facility licensure and certificate of need requirements, some of which could impact our relationships with physicians, hospitals and customers. these risks and uncertainties may materially and adversely affect our ability to market our products and services, or to do so at targeted margins, or may increase the regulatory burdens under which we operate.
the laws and rules governing our business and interpretations of those laws and rules are subject to frequent change, and the integration into our businesses of entities that we acquire may affect the way in which existing laws and rules apply to us, including subjecting us to laws and rules that did not previously apply to us. the broad latitude given to the agencies administering, interpreting and enforcing current and future regulations governing our business could force us to change how we do business, restrict revenue and enrollment growth, increase our health care and administrative costs and capital requirements, or expose us to increased liability in courts for coverage determinations, contract interpretation and other actions.
we must also obtain and maintain regulatory approvals to market many of our products, increase prices for certain regulated products, and complete certain acquisitions and dispositions or integrate certain acquisitions. for example, premium rates for our health insurance and managed care products are subject to regulatory review or approval in many states and by the federal government. additionally, we must submit data on all proposed rate increases to hhs for monitoring purposes on many of our products. geographic and product expansions may be subject to state and federal regulatory approvals. delays in obtaining necessary approvals or our failure to obtain or maintain adequate approvals could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
some of our businesses operate internationally and consequently face political, economic, legal, compliance, regulatory, operational and other risks and exposures that are unique and vary by jurisdiction. the regulatory environments and associated requirements and uncertainties regarding tax, licensing, tariffs, intellectual property, privacy, data protection, investment, capital (including minimum solvency margin and reserve requirements), management control, labor relations, fraud and corruption present compliance requirements and uncertainties for us that are different from those faced by u.s.-based businesses. we have acquired and may in the future acquire or commence additional businesses based outside of the united states, which may subject us to foreign and u.s.-based laws specific to the products and services we acquire or develop outside of the united states. for example, our amil business subjects us to brazilian laws and regulations affecting the managed care and insurance industries, which vary from comparable u.s. laws and regulations, and to regulation by brazilian regulators, whose approach to the interpretation, implementation and enforcement of industry regulations could differ from the approach taken by u.s. regulators. in addition, our non-u.s. businesses and operations are also subject to u.s. laws that regulate the conduct and activities of u.s.-based businesses operating abroad, such as the fcpa. our failure to comply with u.s. or non-u.s. laws and regulations governing our conduct outside the united states or to establish constructive relations with non-u.s. regulators could adversely affect our ability to market our products and services, or to do so at targeted operating margins, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the health care industry is also regularly subject to negative publicity, including as a result of governmental investigations, adverse media coverage and political debate surrounding industry regulation, such as health reform legislation and associated exchanges. negative publicity may adversely affect our stock price and damage our reputation in various markets.
health reform legislation could materially and adversely affect the manner in which we conduct business and our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
due to its complexity, ongoing implementation and continued legal challenges, health reform legislation's full impact remains difficult to predict and could adversely affect us. for example, health reform legislation includes specific reforms for the individual and small group marketplace, including guaranteed availability of coverage, adjusted community rating requirements (which include elimination of health status and gender rating factors), essential health benefit requirements (resulting in benefit changes for many members) and actuarial value requirements resulting in expanded benefits or reduced member cost sharing (or a combination of both) for many policyholders. in addition, if we do not maintain certain minimum loss ratios, we are required to rebate ratable portions of our premiums to our customers. these changes can cause significant disruptions in local health care markets and adjustments to our business, all of which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
health reform legislation required the establishment of health insurance exchanges for individuals and small employers and requires insurers participating on the health insurance exchanges to offer a minimum level of benefits and includes guidelines on setting premium rates and coverage limitations. while risk adjustment applies to most individual and small group plans in the commercial markets, actual risk adjustment calculations and transfers could materially differ from our assumptions. our participation in these exchanges involves uncertainties associated with mix and volume of business and could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. in addition, pending legal challenges to the availability of tax subsidies to participants in federal exchange marketplaces could significantly disrupt the health insurance market and negatively affect our business.
our results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected if fewer individuals gain coverage under health reform legislation than we expect, if we are unable to attract these new individuals to our unitedhealthcare offerings, or if the demand for health reform legislation related products and capabilities offered by our optum businesses is less than anticipated.
as a result of our participation in various government health care programs, both as a payer and as a service provider to payers, we are exposed to additional risks associated with program funding, enrollments, payment adjustments, audits and government investigations that could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
we participate in various federal, state and local government health care benefit programs, including as a payer in medicare advantage, medicare part d, various medicaid programs, chip and our tricare west region contract with the dod, and receive substantial revenues from these programs. certain of our optum businesses also provide services to payers participating in government health care programs. a reduction or less than expected increase, or a protracted delay, in government funding for these programs or change in allocation methodologies, or, as is a typical feature of many government contracts, termination of the contract for the convenience of the government, may materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
the government health care programs in which we participate generally are subject to frequent changes, including changes that may reduce the number of persons enrolled or eligible for coverage, reduce the amount of reimbursement or payment levels, reduce our participation in certain service areas or markets, or increase our administrative or medical costs under such programs. revenues for these programs depend on periodic funding from the federal government or applicable state governments and allocation of the funding through various payment mechanisms. funding for these government programs depends on many factors outside of our control, including general economic conditions and budgetary constraints at the federal or applicable state level. for example, cms has in the past reduced or frozen medicare advantage benchmarks and additional cuts to medicare advantage benchmarks are possible. in addition, from time to time, cms makes changes to the way it calculates medicare advantage risk adjustment payments. for 2014, cms asked plans to submit additional information indicating whether or not medical conditions were diagnosed in a clinical setting. cms has indicated that it will publish further guidance on the treatment of risk adjustment data in early 2015. although we have adjusted members' benefits and premiums on a selective basis, ceased to offer benefit plans in certain counties, and intensified both our medical and operating cost management in response to the benchmark reductions and other funding pressures, these or other strategies may not fully address the funding pressures in the medicare advantage program. in addition, payers in the medicare advantage program may be subject to reductions in payments from cms as a result of decreased funding or recoupment pursuant to government audit.
under the medicaid managed care program, state medicaid agencies seek bids from eligible health plans to continue their participation in the acute care medicaid health programs. if we are not successful in obtaining renewals of state medicaid managed care contracts, we risk losing the members that were enrolled in those medicaid plans. under the medicare part d program, to qualify for automatic enrollment of low income members, our bids must result in an enrollee premium below a regional benchmark, which is calculated by the government after all regional bids are submitted. if the enrollee premium is not below the government benchmark, we risk losing the members who were auto-assigned to us and will not have additional members auto-assigned to us. in general, our bids are based upon certain assumptions regarding enrollment, utilization, medical costs, and other factors. in the event any of these assumptions is materially incorrect, either as a result of unforeseen changes to the programs on which we bid, or submission by our competitors at lower rates than our bids, our results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
many of the government health care coverage programs in which we participate are subject to the prior satisfaction of certain conditions or performance standards or benchmarks. for example, as part of health reform legislation, cms has a system that provides various quality bonus payments to plans that meet certain quality star ratings at the local plan level. the star rating system considers various measures adopted by cms, including, among other things, quality of care, preventative services, chronic illness management and customer satisfaction. beginning in 2015, plans must have a rating of four stars or higher to qualify for bonus payments. if we do not maintain or continue to improve our star ratings, our plans may not be eligible for quality bonuses and we may experience a negative impact on our revenues and the benefits that our plans can offer, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. in addition, under health reform legislation, congress authorized cms and the states to implement mmp managed care demonstration programs to serve dually eligible beneficiaries to improve the coordination of their care. health plan participation in these demonstration programs is subject to cms approval of specified care delivery models and the satisfaction of conditions to participation, including meeting certain performance requirements. any changes in standards or care delivery models that apply to government health care programs, including medicare, medicaid and the mmp demonstration programs for dually eligible beneficiaries, or our inability to improve our quality scores and star ratings to meet government performance requirements or to match the performance of our competitors could result in limitations to our participation in or exclusion from these or other government programs, which in turn could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
cms uses various payment mechanisms to allocate funding for medicare programs, including adjusting monthly capitation payments to medicare advantage plans and medicare part d plans according to the predicted health status of each beneficiary as supported by data from health care providers for medicare advantage plans, as well as, for medicare part d plans, risk-sharing provisions based on a comparison of costs predicted in our annual bids to actual prescription drug costs. some state medicaid programs utilize a similar process. for example, our unitedhealthcare medicare & retirement and unitedhealthcare community & state businesses submit information relating to the health status of enrollees to cms or state agencies for purposes of determining the amount of certain payments to us. cms and the office of inspector general for hhs periodically perform risk adjustment data validation (radv) audits of selected medicare health plans to validate the coding practices of and supporting documentation maintained by health care providers, and certain of our local plans have been selected for audit. such audits have in the past resulted and could in the future result in retrospective adjustments to payments made to our health plans, fines, corrective action plans or other adverse action by cms. in february 2012, cms published a final radv audit and payment adjustment methodology. the methodology contains provisions allowing retroactive contract level payment adjustments for the year audited, beginning with 2011 payments, using an extrapolation of the "error rate" identified in audit samples and, for medicare advantage plans, after considering a fee-for-service "error rate" adjuster that will be used in determining the payment adjustment. depending on the error rate found in those audits, if any, potential payment adjustments could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
we have been and may in the future become involved in routine, regular, and special governmental investigations, audits, reviews and assessments. certain of our businesses have been reviewed or are currently under review, including for compliance with coding and other requirements under the medicare risk-adjustment model. such investigations, audits or reviews sometimes arise out of or prompt claims by private litigants or whistleblowers that, among other allegations, we failed to disclose certain business practices or, as a government contractor, submitted false claims to the government. governmental investigations, audits, reviews and assessments could lead to government actions, which could result in the assessment of damages, civil or criminal fines or penalties, or other sanctions, including restrictions or changes in the way we conduct business, loss of licensure or exclusion from participation in government programs, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
if we fail to comply with applicable privacy, security, and data laws, regulations and standards, including with respect to third-party service providers that utilize sensitive personal information on our behalf, our business, reputation, results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
the collection, maintenance, protection, use, transmission, disclosure and disposal of sensitive personal information are regulated at the federal, state, international and industry levels and requirements are imposed on us by contracts with customers. these laws, rules and requirements are subject to change. compliance with new privacy and security laws, regulations and requirements may result in increased operating costs, and may constrain or require us to alter our business model or operations. for example, the hitech amendments to hipaa imposed further restrictions on our ability to collect, disclose and use sensitive personal information and imposed additional compliance requirements on our business. while we have prepared for the transition to icd-10 as a hipaa-regulated entity, if unforeseen circumstances arise, it is possible that we could be exposed to investigations and allegations of noncompliance, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. in addition, if some providers continue to use icd-9 codes on claims after october 1, 2015, we will have to reject such claims, which may lead to claim resubmissions, increased call volume and provider and customer dissatisfaction. further, providers may use icd-10 codes differently than they used icd-9 codes in the past, which could result in lost revenues under risk adjustment. during the transition to icd-10, certain claims processing and payment information we have historically used to establish our reserves may not be reliable or available in a timely manner.
many of our businesses are also subject to the payment card industry data security standard, which is a multifaceted security standard that is designed to protect credit card account data as mandated by payment card industry entities.
hipaa requires business associates as well as covered entities to comply with certain privacy and security requirements. while we provide for appropriate protections through our contracts with our third-party service providers and in certain cases assess their security controls, we have limited oversight or control over their actions and practices. several of our businesses act as business associates to their covered entity customers and, as a result, collect, use, disclose and maintain sensitive personal information in order to provide services to these customers. hhs has announced that it will continue its audit program to assess hipaa compliance efforts by covered entities and expand it to include business associates. an audit resulting in findings or allegations of noncompliance could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
through our optum businesses, including our optum labs business, we maintain a database of administrative and clinical data that is statistically de-identified in accordance with hipaa standards. noncompliance or findings of noncompliance with applicable laws, regulations or requirements, or the occurrence of any privacy or security breach involving the misappropriation, loss or other unauthorized disclosure of sensitive personal information, whether by us or by one of our third-party service providers, could have a material adverse effect on our reputation and business, including mandatory disclosure to the media, loss of existing or new customers, significant increases in the cost of managing and remediating privacy or security incidents, and material fines, penalties and litigation awards, among other consequences, any of which could have a material and adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
our businesses providing pbm services face regulatory and other risks and uncertainties associated with the pbm industry that may differ from the risks of our business of providing managed care and health insurance products.
we provide pbm services through our optumrx and unitedhealthcare businesses. each business is subject to federal and state anti-kickback and other laws that govern the relationships of the business with pharmaceutical manufacturers, physicians, pharmacies, customers and consumers. optumrx also conducts business as a home delivery pharmacy and specialty pharmacy, which subjects it to extensive federal, state and local laws and regulations. in addition, federal and state legislatures regularly consider new regulations for the industry that could materially and adversely affect current industry practices, including the receipt or disclosure of rebates from pharmaceutical companies, the development and use of formularies, and the use of average wholesale prices.
our pbm businesses would be materially and adversely affected by our inability to contract on favorable terms with pharmaceutical manufacturers and other suppliers, and could face potential claims in connection with purported errors by our home delivery or specialty pharmacies, including in connection with the risks inherent in the packaging and distribution of pharmaceuticals and other health care products. disruptions at any of our home delivery or specialty pharmacies due to an accident or an event that is beyond our control could affect our ability to process and dispense prescriptions in a timely manner and could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
in addition, our pbm businesses provide services to sponsors of health benefit plans that are subject to erisa. the dol, which is the agency that enforces erisa, could assert that the fiduciary obligations imposed by the statute apply to some or all of the services provided by our pbm businesses even where our pbm businesses are not contractually obligated to assume fiduciary obligations. in the event a court were to determine that fiduciary obligations apply to our pbm businesses in connection with services for which our pbm businesses are not contractually obligated to assume fiduciary obligations, we could be subject to claims for breaches of fiduciary obligations or claims that we entered into certain prohibited transactions.
if we fail to compete effectively to maintain or increase our market share, including maintaining or increasing enrollments in businesses providing health benefits, our results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
our businesses compete throughout the united states, brazil and other foreign markets and face significant competition in all of the geographic markets in which we operate. in particular markets, our competitors, compared to us, may have greater capabilities, resources or market share; a more established reputation; superior supplier or health care professional arrangements; better existing business relationships; lower profit margin or financial return expectations; or other factors that give such competitors a competitive advantage. in addition, our competitive position may be adversely affected by significant merger and acquisition activity that has occurred in the industries in which we operate, both among our competitors and suppliers (including hospitals, physician groups and other care professionals). consolidation may make it more difficult for us to retain or increase our customer base, improve the terms on which we do business with our suppliers, or maintain or increase profitability. additionally, new direct to consumer business models from competing businesses may make it more difficult for us to directly engage consumers in the selection and management of their health care benefits, health care usage, and in the effective navigation of the health care system we may be challenged by new technologies and market entrants that could disrupt our existing relationship with health plan enrollees in these areas. our business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected if we do not compete effectively in our markets, if we set rates too high or too low in highly competitive markets, if we do not design and price our products properly and competitively, if we are unable to innovate and deliver products and services that demonstrate value to our customers, if we do not provide a satisfactory level of services, if membership or demand for other services does not increase as we expect or declines, or if we lose accounts with more profitable products while retaining or increasing membership in accounts with less profitable products.
if we fail to develop and maintain satisfactory relationships with physicians, hospitals and other service providers, our business could be materially and adversely affected.
our results of operations and prospects are substantially dependent on our continued ability to contract with physicians, hospitals, pharmaceutical benefit service providers, pharmaceutical manufacturers, and other service providers at competitive prices. any failure to develop and maintain satisfactory relationships with health care providers, whether in-network or out-of-network, could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows. in addition, certain activities related to network design, provider participation in networks and provider payments could result in disputes that may be costly, distract managements' attention and result in negative publicity.
in any particular market, physicians and health care providers could refuse to contract, demand higher payments, or take other actions that could result in higher medical costs, less desirable products for customers or difficulty meeting regulatory or accreditation requirements. in some markets, certain health care providers, particularly hospitals, physician/hospital organizations or multi-specialty physician groups, may have significant market positions or near monopolies that could result in diminished bargaining power on our part. in addition, accountable care organizations; practice management companies (which are companies that aggregate physician practices for administrative efficiency); and other organizational structures that physicians, hospitals and other care providers choose may change the way in which these providers interact with us and may change the competitive landscape. such organizations or groups of physicians may compete directly with us, which could adversely affect our operations, and our results of operations, financial position and cash flows by impacting our relationships with these providers or affecting the way that we price our products and estimate our costs, which might require us to incur costs to change our operations. in addition, if these providers refuse to contract with us, use their market position to negotiate favorable contracts or place us at a competitive disadvantage, our ability to market products or to be profitable in those areas could be materially and adversely affected.
we have capitation arrangements with some physicians, hospitals and other health care providers. capitation arrangements limit our exposure to the risk of increasing medical costs, but expose us to risk related to the adequacy of the financial and medical care resources of the health care provider. to the extent that a capitated health care provider organization faces financial difficulties or otherwise is unable to perform its obligations under the capitation arrangement, we may be held responsible for unpaid health care claims that should have been the responsibility of the capitated health care provider and for which we have already paid the provider, under the capitation arrangement. further, payment or other disputes between a primary care provider and specialists with whom the primary care provider contracts could result in a disruption in the provision of services to our members or a reduction in the services available to our members. health care providers with whom we contract may not properly manage the costs of services, maintain financial solvency or avoid disputes with other providers. any of these events could have a material adverse effect on the provision of services to our members and our operations.
some providers that render services to our members do not have contracts with us. in those cases, we do not have a pre-established understanding about the amount of compensation that is due to the provider for services rendered to our members. in some states, the amount of compensation due to these out-of-network providers is defined by law or regulation, but in most instances, the amount is either not defined or is established by a standard that does not clearly specify dollar terms. in some instances, providers may believe that they are underpaid for their services and may either litigate or arbitrate their dispute with us or try to recover from our members the difference between what we have paid them and the amount they charged us.
the success of certain businesses, including optumhealth local care delivery and amil, depend on maintaining satisfactory physician employment relationships. the primary care physicians that practice medicine or contract with our affiliated physician organizations could terminate their provider contracts or otherwise become unable or unwilling to continue practicing medicine or contracting with us. there is and will likely be heightened competition in the markets where we operate to acquire or manage physician practices or to employ or contract with individual physicians. if we are unable to maintain or grow satisfactory relationships with primary care physicians, or to acquire, recruit or, in some instances, employ physicians, or to retain enrollees following the departure of a physician, our revenues could be materially and adversely affected. in addition, our affiliated physician organizations contract with health insurance and hmo competitors of unitedhealthcare. our business could suffer if our affiliated physician organizations fail to maintain relationships with these health insurance or hmo companies, or adequately price their contracts with these third-party payers.
in addition, physicians, hospitals, pharmaceutical benefit service providers, pharmaceutical manufacturers, and certain health care providers are customers of our optum businesses. given the importance of health care providers and other constituents to our businesses, failure to maintain satisfactory relationships with them could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
we are routinely subject to various litigation actions due to the nature of our business, which could damage our reputation and, if resolved unfavorably, could result in substantial penalties or monetary damages and materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
we are routinely made party to a variety of legal actions related to, among other matters, the design, management and delivery of our product and service offerings. these matters have included or could in the future include matters related to health care benefits coverage and payment claims (including disputes with enrollees, customers, and contracted and non-contracted physicians, hospitals and other health care professionals), tort claims (including claims related to the delivery of health care services, such as medical malpractice by health care practitioners who are employed by us, have contractual relationships with us, or serve as providers to our managed care networks), whistleblower claims (including claims under the false claims act or similar statutes), contract and labor disputes, tax claims and claims related to disclosure of certain business practices. we are also party to certain class action lawsuits brought by health care professional groups and consumers. in addition, we operate in jurisdictions outside of the united states, where contractual rights, tax positions and applicable regulations may be subject to interpretation or uncertainty to a greater degree than in the united states, and therefore subject to dispute by customers, government authorities or others. we are largely self-insured with regard to litigation risks. although we maintain excess liability insurance with outside insurance carriers for claims in excess of our self-insurance, certain types of damages, such as punitive damages in some circumstances, are not covered by insurance. although we record liabilities for our estimates of the probable costs resulting from self-insured matters, it is possible that the level of actual losses will significantly exceed the liabilities recorded.
we cannot predict the outcome of significant legal actions in which we are involved and are incurring expenses in resolving these matters. the legal actions we face or may face in the future could further increase our cost of doing business and materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. in addition, certain legal actions could result in adverse publicity, which could damage our reputation and materially and adversely affect our ability to retain our current business or grow our market share in some markets and businesses.
any failure by us to manage successfully our strategic alliances or complete, manage or integrate acquisitions and other significant strategic transactions or relationships could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
as part of our business strategy, we frequently engage in discussions with third parties regarding possible investments, acquisitions, divestitures, strategic alliances, joint ventures, and outsourcing transactions and often enter into agreements relating to such transactions. for example, we have a strategic alliance with aarp under which we provide aarp-branded medicare supplement insurance to aarp members and other aarp-branded products and services to medicare beneficiaries. if we fail to meet the needs of our alliance or joint venture partners, including by developing additional products and services, providing high levels of service, pricing our products and services competitively or responding effectively to applicable federal and state regulatory changes, our alliances and joint ventures could be damaged or terminated, which in turn could adversely impact our reputation, business and results of operations. further, if we fail to identify and successfully complete transactions that further our strategic objectives, we may be required to expend resources to develop products and technology internally, we may be placed at a competitive disadvantage or we may be adversely affected by negative market perceptions, any of which may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position or cash flows. success in completing acquisitions is also dependent upon efficiently integrating the acquired business into our existing operations, including our internal control environment, or otherwise leveraging its operations, which may present challenges that are different from those presented by organic growth and that may be difficult for us to manage. if we cannot successfully integrate these acquisitions and to realize contemplated revenue growth opportunities and cost savings, our business, prospects, results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
as we expand and operate our business outside of the united states, we are presented with challenges that differ from those presented by acquisitions of domestic businesses, including challenges in adapting to new markets, business, labor and cultural practices and regulatory environments. adapting to these challenges could require us to devote significant senior management and other resources to the acquired businesses before we realize anticipated synergies or other benefits from the acquired businesses. these challenges vary widely by country and may include political instability, government intervention, discriminatory regulation, and currency exchange controls or other restrictions that could prevent us from transferring funds from these operations out of the countries in which our acquired businesses operate or converting local currencies that we hold into u.s. dollars or other currencies. if we are unable to manage successfully our non-u.s. acquisitions, our business, prospects, results of operations and financial position could be materially and adversely affected.
foreign currency exchange rates and fluctuations may have an impact on our shareholders' equity from period to period, which could adversely affect our debt to debt-plus-equity ratio, and our future revenues, costs and cash flows from international operations. any measures we may implement to reduce the effect of volatile currencies may be costly or ineffective.
our sales performance will suffer if we do not adequately attract, retain and provide support to a network of independent producers and consultants.
our products and services are sold in part through independent producers and consultants with whom we do not have exclusive contracts and for whose services and allegiance we must compete intensely. our sales would be materially and adversely affected if we were unable to attract, retain and support such independent producers and consultants or if our sales strategy is not appropriately aligned across distribution channels. our relationships with producers could be materially and adversely impacted by changes in our business practices and the nature of our relationships to address these pressures, including potential reductions in commissions.
a number of investigations have been conducted regarding the marketing practices of producers selling health care products and the payments they receive and have resulted in enforcement actions against companies in our industry and producers marketing and selling those companies' products. these investigations and enforcement actions could result in penalties and the imposition of corrective action plans, which could materially and adversely impact our ability to market our products.
unfavorable economic conditions could materially and adversely affect our revenues and our results of operations.
unfavorable economic conditions may impact demand for certain of our products and services. for example, high unemployment can cause lower enrollment or lower rates of renewal in our employer group plans and our non-employer individual plans. unfavorable economic conditions have also caused and could continue to cause employers to stop offering certain health care coverage as an employee benefit or elect to offer this coverage on a voluntary, employee-funded basis as a means to reduce their operating costs. in addition, unfavorable economic conditions could adversely impact our ability to increase premiums or result in the cancellation by certain customers of our products and services. these conditions could lead to a decrease in our membership levels and premium and fee revenues and could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
during a prolonged unfavorable economic environment, state and federal budgets could be materially and adversely affected, resulting in reduced reimbursements or payments in our federal and state government health care coverage programs, including medicare, medicaid and chip. a reduction in state medicaid reimbursement rates could be implemented retrospectively to apply to payments already negotiated or received from the government and could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. in addition, state and federal budgetary pressures could cause the affected governments to impose new or a higher level of taxes or assessments for our commercial programs, such as premium taxes on insurance companies and hmos and surcharges or fees on select fee-for-service and capitated medical claims. any of these developments or actions could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
a prolonged unfavorable economic environment also could adversely impact the financial position of hospitals and other care providers, which could materially and adversely affect our contracted rates with these parties and increase our medical costs or materially and adversely affect their ability to purchase our service offerings. further, unfavorable economic conditions could adversely impact the customers of our optum businesses, including health plans, hmos, hospitals, care providers, employers and others, which could, in turn, materially and adversely affect optum's financial results.
our investment portfolio may suffer losses, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
market fluctuations could impair our profitability and capital position. volatility in interest rates affects our interest income and the market value of our investments in debt securities of varying maturities, which constitute the vast majority of the fair value of our investments as of december 31, 2014. relatively low interest rates on investments, such as those experienced during recent years, have adversely impacted our investment income, and the continuation of the current low interest rate environment could further adversely affect our investment income. in addition, a delay in payment of principal or interest by issuers, or defaults by issuers (primarily from investments in corporate and municipal bonds), could reduce our net investment income and require us to write down the value of our investments, which could materially and adversely affect our profitability and shareholders' equity.
there can be no assurance that our investments will produce total positive returns or that we will not sell investments at prices that are less than their carrying values. changes in the value of our investment assets, as a result of interest rate fluctuations, changes in issuer financial conditions, illiquidity or otherwise, could have an adverse effect on our shareholders' equity. in addition, if it became necessary for us to liquidate our investment portfolio on an accelerated basis, such an action could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and the capital position of regulated subsidiaries.
if the value of our intangible assets is materially impaired, our results of operations, shareholders' equity and credit ratings could be materially and adversely affected.
as of december 31, 2014, goodwill and other intangible assets had a carrying value of $36.6 billion, representing 42% of our total consolidated assets. we periodically evaluate our goodwill and other intangible assets to determine whether all or a portion of their carrying values may be impaired, in which case a charge to earnings may be necessary. the value of our goodwill may be materially and adversely impacted if businesses that we acquire perform in a manner that is inconsistent with our assumptions. in addition, from time to time we divest businesses, and any such divestiture could result in significant asset impairment and disposition charges, including those related to goodwill and other intangible assets. any future evaluations requiring an impairment of our goodwill and other intangible assets could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and shareholders' equity in the period in which the impairment occurs. a material decrease in shareholders' equity could, in turn, adversely impact our credit ratings and potentially impact our compliance with the covenants in our bank credit facilities.
if we fail to maintain properly the integrity or availability of our data or successfully consolidate, integrate, upgrade or expand our existing information systems, or if our technology products do not operate as intended, our business could be materially and adversely affected.
our ability to price adequately our products and services, to provide effective service to our customers in an efficient and uninterrupted fashion, and to report accurately our results of operations depends on the integrity of the data in our information systems. we periodically consolidate, integrate, upgrade and expand our information systems capabilities as a result of technology initiatives and recently enacted regulations, changes in our system platforms and integration of new business acquisitions. in addition, recent trends toward greater consumer engagement in health care require new and enhanced technologies including more sophisticated applications for mobile devices. our information systems require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain, protect and enhance existing systems and develop new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, evolving systems and regulatory standards, and changing customer preferences. if the information we rely upon to run our businesses is found to be inaccurate or unreliable or if we fail to maintain or protect our information systems and data integrity effectively, we could lose existing customers, have difficulty attracting new customers, experience problems in determining medical cost estimates and establishing appropriate pricing, have difficulty preventing, detecting and controlling fraud, have disputes with customers, physicians and other health care professionals, become subject to regulatory sanctions or penalties, incur increases in operating expenses or suffer other adverse consequences. our process of consolidating the number of systems we operate, upgrading and expanding our information systems capabilities, enhancing our systems and developing new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology may not be successful. failure to protect, consolidate and integrate our systems successfully could result in higher than expected costs and diversion of management's time and energy, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
certain of our businesses sell and install software products that may contain unexpected design defects or may encounter unexpected complications during installation or when used with other technologies utilized by the customer. connectivity among competing technologies is becoming increasingly important in the health care industry. a failure of our technology products to operate as intended and in a seamless fashion with other products could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
uncertain and rapidly evolving u.s. federal and state, non-u.s. and international laws and regulations related to the health information technology market may present compliance challenges and could materially and adversely affect the configuration of our information systems and platforms, and our ability to compete in this market.
if we sustain cyber-attacks or other privacy or data security incidents, that result in security breaches that disrupt our operations or result in the unintended dissemination of sensitive personal information or proprietary or confidential information, we could suffer a loss of revenue and increased costs, exposure to significant liability, reputational harm and other serious negative consequences.
we routinely process, store and transmit large amounts of data in our operations, including sensitive personal information as well as proprietary or confidential information relating to our business or third-parties. some of the data we process, store and transmit may be outside of the u.s. due to our information technology systems and international business operations. we may be subject to breaches of the information technology systems we use. experienced computer programmers and hackers may be able to penetrate our layered security controls and misappropriate or compromise sensitive personal information or proprietary or confidential information or that of third-parties, create system disruptions or cause shutdowns. they also may be able to develop and deploy viruses, worms, and other malicious software programs that attack our systems or otherwise exploit any security vulnerabilities. our facilities may also be vulnerable to security incidents or security attacks; acts of vandalism or theft; coordinated attacks by activist entities; misplaced or lost data; human errors; or other similar events that could negatively affect our systems and our and our customer's data.
the costs to eliminate or address the foregoing security threats and vulnerabilities before or after a cyber-incident could be significant. our remediation efforts may not be successful and could result in interruptions, delays, or cessation of service, and loss of existing or potential customers. in addition, breaches of our security measures and the unauthorized dissemination of sensitive personal information or proprietary information or confidential information about us or our customers or other third-parties, could expose our customers' private information and our customers to the risk of financial or medical identity theft, or expose us or other third-parties to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, result in litigation and potential liability for us, damage our brand and reputation, or otherwise harm our business.
if we are not able to protect our proprietary rights to our databases, software and related products, our ability to market our knowledge and information-related businesses could be hindered and our results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
we rely on our agreements with customers, confidentiality agreements with employees and third parties, and our trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights and patents to protect our proprietary rights. these legal protections and precautions may not prevent misappropriation of our proprietary information. in addition, substantial litigation regarding intellectual property rights exists in the software industry, and we expect software products to be increasingly subject to third-party infringement claims as the number of products and competitors in this industry segment grows. such litigation and misappropriation of our proprietary information could hinder our ability to market and sell products and services and our results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
restrictions on our ability to obtain funds from our regulated subsidiaries could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
because we operate as a holding company, we are dependent upon dividends and administrative expense reimbursements from our subsidiaries to fund our obligations. many of these subsidiaries are regulated by departments of insurance or similar regulatory authorities. we are also required by law or regulation to maintain specific prescribed minimum amounts of capital in these subsidiaries. the levels of capitalization required depend primarily upon the volume of premium revenues generated by the applicable subsidiary. in most states, we are required to seek prior approval by state regulatory authorities before we transfer money or pay dividends from our regulated subsidiaries that exceed specified amounts. an inability of our regulated subsidiaries to pay dividends to their parent companies in the desired amounts or at the time of our choosing could adversely affect our ability to reinvest in our business through capital expenditures or business acquisitions, as well as our ability to maintain our corporate quarterly dividend payment cycle, repurchase shares of our common stock and repay our debt. if we are unable to obtain sufficient funds from our subsidiaries to fund our obligations, our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
any downgrades in our credit ratings could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
claims paying ability, financial strength, and credit ratings by nationally recognized statistical rating organizations are important factors in establishing the competitive position of insurance companies. ratings information is broadly disseminated and generally used throughout the industry. we believe our claims paying ability and financial strength ratings are important factors in marketing our products to certain of our customers. our credit ratings impact both the cost and availability of future borrowings. each of the credit rating agencies reviews its ratings periodically. our ratings reflect each credit rating agency's opinion of our financial strength, operating performance and ability to meet our debt obligations or obligations to policyholders. there can be no assurance that our current credit ratings will be maintained in the future. downgrades in our credit ratings, should they occur, could materially increase our costs of or ability to access funds in the debt and capital markets and otherwise materially increase our operating costs.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion should be read together with the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes to the consolidated financial statements thereto included in item 8, "financial statements." readers are cautioned that the statements, estimates, projections or outlook contained in this report, including discussions regarding financial prospects, economic conditions, trends and uncertainties contained in this item 7, may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the pslra. these forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially from the expectations expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. a description of some of the risks and uncertainties can be found further below in this item 7 and in part i, item 1a, "risk factors."
executive overview general unitedhealth group is a diversified health and well-being company dedicated to helping people live healthier lives and making the health system work better for everyone. we offer a broad spectrum of products and services through two distinct platforms: unitedhealthcare, which provides health care coverage and benefits services; and optum, which provides information and technology-enabled health services.
we have four reportable segments across our two business platforms, unitedhealthcare and optum:
   unitedhealthcare, which includes unitedhealthcare employer &amp; individual, unitedhealthcare medicare &amp; retirement, unitedhealthcare community &amp; state and unitedhealthcare global;
   optumhealth;
further information on our business and reportable segments is presented in part i, item 1, "business" and in note 13 of notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8, "financial statements."
business trends our businesses participate in the u.s., brazilian and certain other international health economies. in the u.s., health care spending comprises approximately 18% of gross domestic product and has grown consistently for many years. we expect overall spending on health care to continue to grow in the future, due to inflation, medical technology and pharmaceutical advancement, regulatory requirements, demographic trends in the population and national interest in health and well-being. the rate of market growth may be affected by a variety of factors, including macro-economic conditions and regulatory changes, including enacted health reform legislation in the united states, which have impacted and could further impact our results of operations.
pricing trends. to price our health care benefit products, we start with our view of expected future costs. we frequently evaluate and adjust our approach in each of the local markets we serve, considering all relevant factors, such as product positioning, price competitiveness and environmental, competitive, legislative and regulatory considerations. our review of regulatory considerations involves a focus on minimum mlr thresholds and the new risk adjustment, risk corridor and reinsurance provisions that impact the small group and individual markets. we will continue to balance growth and profitability across all of these dimensions. overall, we continue to be under pressure from ongoing market competition in commercial products and from government payment rates.
the intensity of commercial pricing competition depends on local market conditions and competitive dynamics. health plans have generally reflected the industry tax and reinsurance programs (together, aca fees) in their pricing. conversely, the industry has continued to experience favorable medical cost trends due to moderated utilization, which has impacted pricing trends. having reflected the additional cost step-ups in 2014 related to the aca fees, we anticipate health plans' pricing returning to a more normal inflation rate in 2015.
annual commercial premium rate increases are subject to federal and state review and approval procedures. while our rates and rate filings are developed using methods consistent with the standards of actuarial practice, we have experienced regulatory challenges to proposed premium rate increases in certain states, including california and new york.
the medicare advantage rate structure is changing and funding has been cut in recent years, with additional reductions to take effect in 2015, as discussed below in "regulatory trends and uncertainties." we are taking actions to respond to these funding reductions, but the reductions adversely affected after-tax earnings for our medicare business during 2014, and we expect our we expect continued medicaid revenue increases due to anticipated growth in our offerings; we also believe that the reimbursement rate environment creates the risk of downward pressure on medicaid net margin percentages. we continue to take a prudent, market-sustainable posture for both new business and maintenance of existing relationships. we advocate for actuarially sound rates that are commensurate with our medical cost trends and remain dedicated to partnering with those states that are committed to the long-term viability of their programs.
medical cost trends. our medical cost trends are primarily related to unit costs, utilization and prescription drug costs. consistent with our experience in recent years, our 2014 cost trends were largely driven by continued unit cost pressure from health care providers. although the weak economic environment combined with our medical cost management strategies has had a favorable impact on utilization trends in recent years, the impacts of health reform legislation, namely mandated essential health benefits and limits on out-of-pocket maximums, are exerting upward pressure on medical cost trends. the primary drivers of prescription drug trends continue to be unit cost pressure on brand name drugs and a shift towards expensive new specialty medications, including new hepatitis c therapies.
delivery system and payment modernization. the health care market continues to change based on demographic shifts, new regulations, political forces and both payer and patient expectations. health plans and care providers are being called upon to work together to close gaps in care and improve overall care quality, improve the health of populations and reduce costs. delivery system modernization and payment reform are critical and the alignment of incentives between key constituents remains an important theme.
we are increasingly rewarding care providers for delivering improvements in quality and cost-efficiency. as of december 31, 2014, we served nearly 3 million people through the most progressive of these arrangements, including full-risk, shared-risk and bundled episode-of-care payment approaches. as of december 31, 2014, our contracts with value based spending total nearly $37 billion annually, up significantly from recent years.
this trend is creating needs for health management services that can coordinate care around the primary care physician, including new primary care channels, and for investments in new clinical and administrative information and management systems, which we believe provide growth opportunities for our optum business platform.
regulatory trends and uncertainties following is a summary of management's view of the trends and uncertainties related to some of the key provisions of health reform legislation and other regulatory items. for additional information regarding health reform legislation and regulatory trends and uncertainties, see part i, item 1 "business - government regulation" and item 1a, "risk factors."
medicare advantage rates and minimum loss ratios. medicare advantage rates have been cut over the last several years, with additional funding reductions to be phased-in through 2017 as a result of (a) changes to cms medicare advantage benchmark rates; (b) health reform legislation; and (c) the budget control act of 2011, as amended by the american taxpayer relief act of 2012, which reduced medicare advantage and medicare part d payments (sequestration). the cms final notice of 2015 medicare advantage benchmark rates and payment policies includes additional significant reductions for 2015. these industry level reductions, including the impact of the industry tax described below, resulted in revenue reductions and incremental assessments totaling more than 6% of revenue in 2014 and more than an additional 3% in 2015, against a typical industry forward medical cost trend of 3%. the impact of these cuts to our medicare advantage revenues is partially mitigated by reductions in provider reimbursements for those care providers with rates indexed to medicare advantage revenues or medicare fee-for-service reimbursement rates. these factors affected our plan benefit designs, market participation, growth prospects and expectation of earnings for our medicare advantage plans for 2015.
health reform legislation directed hhs to establish a program to reward high-quality medicare advantage plans beginning in 2012. our medicare advantage rates are currently enhanced by cms quality bonuses in certain counties based on our local plans' star ratings. the level of star ratings from cms, based upon specified clinical and operational performance standards, will impact future quality bonuses. in addition, star ratings affect the amount of savings a plan has to generate to offer supplemental benefits, which ultimately may affect the plan's membership and revenue. the historical expanded star bonus program, which paid bonuses to qualifying plans rated 3 stars or higher expired after 2014. in 2015, quality bonus payments will be paid only to plans rated 4 stars and higher. for the 2015 star bonus payment year, more than 37% of our medicare advantage members are enrolled in plans rated 4 stars or higher. we currently expect a similar percentage of members to be enrolled in such plans for the 2016 payment year. we are dedicating substantial resources to advance our quality scores and star ratings to strengthen our local market programs and further improve our performance for the 2017 and 2018 payment years.
the ongoing reductions to medicare advantage funding place continued importance on effective medical management and ongoing improvements in administrative efficiency. there are a number of adjustments we have made to partially offset these rate reductions. these adjustments will impact the majority of the seniors we serve through medicare advantage. for example, we seek to intensify our medical and operating cost management, make changes to the size and composition of our care provider networks, adjust members' benefits, implement or increase member premiums over the monthly payments we receive from the government, and decide on a county-by-county basis where we will offer medicare advantage plans. for 2015, we have added premiums in certain markets; one-third of our members that had previously purchased $0 premium products will be impacted. we may experience some reduction in membership in the plans with the greatest premiums additions, but we expect overall growth in medicare advantage membership in 2015.
in the longer term, we also may be able to mitigate some of the effects of reduced funding by increasing enrollment due, in part, to the increasing number of people eligible for medicare in coming years. as medicare advantage reimbursement changes, other products may become relatively more attractive to medicare beneficiaries and increase the demand for other senior health benefits products such as our market-leading medicare supplement and stand-alone medicare part d insurance offerings.
industry tax and premium stabilization programs. health reform legislation includes an industry tax levied proportionally across the health insurance industry for risk-based products, which began january 1, 2014. the industry-wide amount of the annual tax was $8 billion in 2014 and increases to $11.3 billion in 2015 and 2016, $13.9 billion in 2017 and $14.3 billion in 2018. for 2019 and beyond, the amount will equal the annual tax for the preceding year increased by the rate of premium growth for the preceding year. in 2015, we expect that our share of the industry tax will be $1.8 billion compared to $1.3 billion in 2014.
with the introduction of state health insurance exchanges and other significant market reforms in the individual and small group markets in 2014, health reform legislation includes three programs designed to stabilize the health insurance markets. these programs encompass: a reinsurance program; a temporary risk corridors program; and a permanent risk adjustment program. the reinsurance program is a temporary program that will be funded on a per capita basis from all commercial lines of business including insured and self-funded arrangements. the total three year amount of $25 billion for the reinsurance program will be allocated as follows: $20 billion (2014 - $10 billion, 2015 - $6 billion, 2016 - $4 billion) subject to increases based on state decisions, to fund the reinsurance pool and $5 billion (2014 and 2015 - $2 billion, 2016 - $1 billion) to fund the u.s. treasury. while funding for the reinsurance program will come from all commercial lines of business, only market reform compliant individual businesses will be eligible for reinsurance recoveries.
for detail on the industry tax and premium stabilization programs, see note 2 of notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8, "financial statements."
exchanges and coverage expansion. across markets, we and our competitors are adapting product, network and marketing strategies to anticipate new or expanding distribution channels including public exchanges, private exchanges and off exchange purchasing. effective in 2014, states have either created their own public exchange, entered a partnership exchange or relied on the federally facilitated exchange for individuals and small employers. the exchanges have created new market dynamics that have impacted and could further impact our existing businesses, depending on the ultimate member migration patterns for each market. in 2014, commercial fully insured membership expanded industry-wide with more than 7 million consumers served through the individual public exchanges alone. self-insured enrollment remained relatively stable, but there has been an increased interest in post-reform alternatives such as private exchange solutions. our level of participation in public exchanges is determined on a state-by-state basis. each state is evaluated based on factors such as growth opportunities, our current local presence, our competitive positioning, our ability to honor our commitments to our local customers and consumers, and the regulatory environment. in 2014, we participated in 13 state public exchanges, including four individual and nine small group exchanges. in 2015, we are participating in 23 individual exchanges and in 12 small group exchanges.
health reform legislation also provided for optional expanded medicaid coverage that became effective in january 2014. we participate in programs in 24 states and the district of columbia, and of these, 12 states opted to expand medicaid for 2014. for 2015, 13 of our state customers have elected to expand medicaid. the congressional budget office forecasts that due to medicaid expansion, a total of 13 million people will have obtained coverage through medicaid by the end of 2016, and we are actively seeking to build market share serving the needs of these medicaid expansion beneficiaries and their state sponsors.
results summary the following table summarizes our consolidated results of operations and other financial information:
services                                                                                     10,151                   8,997                 7,437                 1,154                13                  1,560                21
operating costs:
operating costs                                                                              21,681                  19,362                17,306                 2,319                12                  2,056                12
cost of products sold                                                                         3,784                   2,839                 2,523                   945                33                    316                13
total operating costs                                                                       120,200                 112,866               101,364                 7,334                 6                 11,502                11
earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests                                                 -                     (48    )                -                   (48     )                nm               48                      nm net earnings attributable to unitedhealth group common shareholders                          $5,619                  $5,625                $5,526                   $(6     )           -     %              $99                 2     %
diluted earnings per share attributable to unitedhealth group common shareholders             $5.70                   $5.50                 $5.28                 $0.20                 4     %            $0.22                 4     %
operating cost ratio                                                                           16.6                    15.8                  15.6                   0.8                                      0.2
operating margin                                                                                7.9                     7.9                   8.4                     -                                     (0.5     )
(b)   return on equity is calculated as annualized net earnings divided by average equity. average equity is calculated using the equity balance at the end of the preceding year and the equity balances at the end of each of the four quarters in the year presented.
selected operating performance and other significant items the following represents a summary of select 2014 year-over-year operating comparisons to 2013 and other 2014 significant items.
   consolidated revenues increased by 7%, optum revenues grew 25% and unitedhealthcare revenues increased 5%.
   aca fees favorably affected our 2014 medical care ratio (110 bps), and unfavorably impacted our operating cost ratio (120 bps) and effective income tax rate (510 bps).
   earnings from operations increased by 7%, including an increase of 32% at optum partially offset by a decrease of 2% at unitedhealthcare.
   diluted earnings per share to unitedhealth group shareholders increased 4% to $5.70 and included the negative year-over-year impact of approximately $1.00 per share in aca fees, aca medicare rate cuts and other aca impacts.
   as of december 31, 2014, there was $738 million of cash available for general corporate use and 2014 cash flows from operations were $8.1 billion.
2014 results of operations compared to 2013 results consolidated financial results revenues the increases in revenues during the year ended december 31, 2014 were primarily driven by growth in the number of individuals served in our public and senior markets businesses and growth across all of optum's businesses.
medical costs and medical care ratio medical costs during the year ended december 31, 2014 increased due to risk-based membership growth in our public and senior markets businesses. to the extent possible, we included the reform fees and related tax impacts in our pricing; since the aca fees are included in operating costs, this decreased our medical care ratio in 2014. this decrease from aca fees was partially offset by the impact of lower levels of favorable medical cost reserve development.
operating cost ratio the increase in our operating cost ratio during the year ended december 31, 2014 was due to the introduction of aca fees and services business growth and acquisitions, partially offset by productivity and operating performance gains.
see note 2 of notes to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8, "financial statements" and "industry tax and premium stabilization programs" in the "executive overview" above for more information on the industry tax and aca fees.
reportable segments prior period segment financial information has been recast to conform to the 2014 presentation. see notes 2 and 13 of notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8, "financial statements" for more information on our segments. the following table presents a summary of the reportable segment financial information:
revenues unitedhealthcare                               $119,798                $113,725                $103,332               $6,073                 5     %         $10,393                10     %
optumhealth                                      11,032                   9,855                   8,147                1,177                12                 1,708                21
earnings from operations unitedhealthcare                                 $6,992                  $7,132                  $7,687                $(140     )          (2    )%           $(555     )          (7    )%
optumhealth                                       1,090                     949                     538                  141                15                   411                76
operating margin unitedhealthcare                                    5.8    %                6.3    %                7.4    %            (0.5    )%                              (1.1    )%
optumhealth                                         9.9                     9.6                     6.6                  0.3     %                               3.0
consolidated operating margin                       7.9    %                7.9    %                8.4    %               -     %                              (0.5    )%
unitedhealthcare the following table summarizes unitedhealthcare revenues by business:
unitedhealthcare employer &amp; individual           $43,017                 $44,847                 $46,509              $(1,830     )          (4    )%     $(1,662     )          (4    )%
unitedhealthcare medicare &amp; retirement            46,258                  44,225                  39,257                2,033                 5             4,968                13
unitedhealthcare community &amp; state                23,586                  18,268                  16,422                5,318                29             1,846                11
unitedhealthcare global                                6,937                   6,385                   1,144        552                           9             5,241                      nm total unitedhealthcare revenues                     $119,798                $113,725                $103,332               $6,073                 5     %     $10,393                10     %
the following table summarizes the number of individuals served by our unitedhealthcare businesses, by major market segment and funding arrangement:
commercial risk-based                     7,505            8,185            9,340             (680     )          (8    )%       (1,155     )         (12    )%
medicare advantage                        3,005            2,990            2,565               15                 1                425                17
total unitedhealthcare - medical         44,985           45,445           40,925             (460     )          (1    )%        4,520                11     %
nm= not meaningful the decrease in commercial risk-based enrollment was a result of disciplined pricing in a continued competitive environment and a decrease in individual policy customers due to customers moving to public exchanges. the decrease in number of people served under commercial fee-based arrangements was primarily attributable to the loss of a large state employer account. medicare advantage participation increased slightly year-over-year despite the significant funding reductions, which caused us to exit certain markets in january 2014, reduce product offerings, adjust networks and reduce benefits for 2014. approximately 60% of the medicaid growth was driven by medicaid expansion under the aca with the remaining growth resulting from the combination of states launching new programs to complement established programs and growth in those traditional programs. medicare supplement growth reflected strong customer retention and new sales. the number of people served internationally decreased year-over-year primarily due to price increases in brazil in response to the increasing costs of mandated health care benefits. in our medicare part d stand-alone business, the number of people served increased primarily as a result of new product introductions and strong customer retention.
unitedhealthcare's revenue growth during the year ended december 31, 2014 was due to growth in the number of individuals served in our public and senior markets businesses; revenues to recover aca fees, which resulted in $1.5 billion of additional annual premiums in 2014; and commercial price increases reflecting underlying medical cost trends. these increases were partially offset by decreased commercial risk-based enrollment and a reduced level of medicare advantage funding.
unitedhealthcare's operating earnings for the year ended december 31, 2014 were pressured year-over-year by aca fees, medicare advantage funding reductions, increased spending on specialty medications to treat hepatitis c and reduced levels of favorable medical cost reserve development. partially offsetting these factors were growth in our public and senior markets businesses, reduced levels of per-member inpatient hospital utilization and revenue true-ups.
optum total revenues increased for the year ended december 31, 2014 primarily due to pharmacy growth at optumrx and growth at optumhealth.
the increases in optum's earnings from operations and operating margins for the year ended december 31, 2014 were driven by revenue growth and increased productivity, partially offset by investments at optumhealth and optuminsight.
optumhealth revenue increased at optumhealth during 2014 primarily due to acquisitions and growth in local care delivery and subacute care services.
earnings from operations and operating margins for the year ended december 31, 2014 increased primarily due to revenue growth and cost efficiencies, offset in part by investments to develop future growth opportunities.
optuminsight revenue, earnings from operations and operating margins at optuminsight for the year ended december 31, 2014 increased primarily due to the growth and expansion in revenue management services and government exchange services, partially offset by a reduction in hospital compliance services and investments for future growth.
optumrx increased optumrx revenue for the year ended december 31, 2014 was due to growth in people served in unitedhealthcare's public and senior markets, the insourcing of unitedhealthcare's commercial pharmacy benefit programs, which was completed on january 1, 2014, growth from external clients and an increase in specialty pharmaceutical revenues.
earnings from operations and operating margins for the year ended december 31, 2014 increased primarily due to growth in scale that resulted in greater productivity and better absorption of our fixed costs, and improved performance in both drug purchasing and home delivery pharmacy fulfillment.
2013 results of operations compared to 2012 results consolidated financial results revenues the increases in revenues during 2013 were primarily driven by the full year effect of 2012 acquisitions, including amil, growth in the number of individuals served through benefit products and overall organic growth in each of optum's major businesses. the revenue impact of these factors was partially offset by the reduction in medicare advantage rates. also offsetting the revenue increase was the first quarter conversion of a large fully-insured commercial customer from a risk-based to a fee-based arrangement affecting 1.1 million members. while this conversion reduced our full-year 2013 consolidated revenues by $2.3 billion, the impact to earnings from operations and cash flows was negligible.
medical costs and medical care ratio medical costs during 2013 increased due to risk-based membership growth in our international and public and senior markets businesses, partially offset by the funding conversion of the large client discussed above. the year-over-year medical care ratio increased primarily due to funding reductions for medicare advantage products, changes in business mix favoring governmental benefit programs, and reduced levels of favorable medical cost reserve development.
operating costs the increase in our operating costs during 2013 was due to business growth, including an increase in fee-based benefits and fee-based service revenues and a greater mix of international business, which carry comparatively higher operating costs, partially offset by our ongoing cost containment efforts.
reportable segments unitedhealthcare unitedhealthcare's revenue growth in 2013 was primarily attributable to the impact of 2012 acquisitions and the growth in the number of individuals served. the effect of these factors was partially offset by the government funding reductions described previously and the customer funding conversion discussed above.
unitedhealthcare's earnings from operations and operating margins in 2013 decreased compared to the prior year as operating margins were pressured by the funding reductions that decreased revenues and by decreased levels of favorable reserve development.
optum total revenues increased in 2013 primarily due to broad-based growth across optum's services portfolio with growth in each of optum's major businesses led by pharmacy growth from the insourcing of unitedhealthcare commercial customers and external clients.
optum's earnings from operations and operating margin in 2013 increased significantly compared to 2012, reflecting progress on optum's plan to accelerate growth and improve productivity by strengthening integration and business alignment.
optumhealth revenue increases at optumhealth in 2013 were primarily due to market expansion, including growth related to 2012 acquisitions in local care delivery, and organic growth.
earnings from operations and operating margins in 2013 increased primarily due to revenue growth and an improved cost structure across the business, including local care delivery, population health and wellness solutions, and health-related financial services offerings.
optuminsight revenues at optuminsight in 2013 increased primarily due to the impact of a 2012 acquisition and growth in services to commercial payers.
the increases in earnings from operations and operating margins in 2013 reflected increased revenues, changes in product mix and continuing improvements in business alignment and efficiency.
optumrx the increase in optumrx revenues in 2013 were due to the insourcing of unitedhealthcare's commercial pharmacy benefit programs and growth in both unitedhealthcare's medicare part d members and external clients. over the course of 2013, we completed our transition of 12 million migrating and new members to the optumrx platform from a third-party.
earnings from operations and operating margins in 2013 increased primarily due to strong revenue growth, pricing disciplines, and greater use of generic medications.
liquidity, financial condition and capital resources liquidity introduction we manage our liquidity and financial position in the context of our overall business strategy. we continually forecast and manage our cash, investments, working capital balances and capital structure to meet the short-term and long-term obligations of our businesses while seeking to maintain liquidity and financial flexibility. cash flows generated from operating activities are principally from earnings before noncash expenses.
our regulated subsidiaries generate significant cash flows from operations and are subject to financial regulations and standards in their respective jurisdictions. these standards, among other things, require these subsidiaries to maintain specified levels of statutory capital, as defined by each jurisdiction, and restrict the timing and amount of dividends and other distributions that may be paid to their parent companies.
in 2014, our u.s. regulated subsidiaries paid their parent companies dividends of $4.6 billion. for the twelve months ended december 31, 2013, our u.s. regulated subsidiaries paid their parent companies dividends of $3.2 billion. see note 10 of notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8, "financial statements" for further detail concerning our regulated subsidiary dividends.
our nonregulated businesses also generate cash flows from operations that are available for general corporate use. cash flows generated by these entities, combined with dividends from our regulated entities and financing through the issuance of long-term debt as well as issuance of commercial paper or the ability to draw under our committed credit facilities, further strengthen our operating and financial flexibility. we use these cash flows to expand our businesses through acquisitions, reinvest in our businesses through capital expenditures, repay debt, and return capital to our shareholders through shareholder dividends and/or repurchases of our common stock, depending on market conditions.
summary of our major sources and uses of cash and cash equivalents for the years ended december 31,            increase/(decrease)            increase/(decrease)
sources of cash:
cash provided by operating activities                                                       $8,051                $6,991                $7,155                     $1,060                          $(164        )
sales and maturities of investments, net of purchases                                          799                     -                     -                        799                              -
customer funds administered                                                                      -                    31                     -                        (31        )                    31
issuances of long-term debt and commercial paper, net of repayments                            391                   152                 4,567                        239                         (4,415        )
total sources of cash                                                                        9,740                 7,817                12,800
uses of cash:
purchases of property, equipment and capitalized software, net                              (1,447    )           (1,161    )           (1,070    )                  (286        )                   (91        )
cash paid for acquisitions and noncontrolling interest shares, net of cash assumed          (1,923    )           (1,836    )           (6,599    )                   (87        )                 4,763
purchases of investments, net of sales and maturities                                            -                (1,611    )           (1,299    )                 1,611                           (312        )
customer funds administered                                                                   (638    )                -                  (324    )                  (638        )                   324
total uses of cash                                                                          (9,516    )           (8,861    )          (13,823    )
effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                    (5    )              (86    )                -                         81                            (86        )
2014 cash flows compared to 2013 cash flows cash flows provided by operating activities in 2014 increased primarily due to an increased level of accounts payable and other liabilities including the collection of reinsurance program fees in advance of remittance in 2015, partially offset by an increase in government receivables.
other significant changes in sources or uses of cash year-over-year included: (a) a change in investment activity from net purchases in 2013 to net sales in 2014; (b) an increase in part d subsidy receivables causing a change in customer funds administered; and (c) increased levels of cash used to repurchase common stock.
2013 cash flows compared to 2012 cash flows cash flows provided by operating activities in 2013 decreased due to the net effects of changes in operating assets and liabilities, including: (a) an increase in pharmacy rebates receivables stemming from the increased membership at optumrx, the effects of which were partially offset by (b) increases in medical costs payable due to the growth in the number of individuals served in our public and senior markets and international businesses.
other significant items contributing to the overall decrease in cash year-over-year included: (a) decreased investments in acquisitions and noncontrolling interest shares (the activity in 2013 primarily related to the acquisition of the remaining publicly traded shares of amil during the second quarter of 2013 for $1.5 billion); (b) a decrease in net proceeds from commercial paper and long-term debt, as proceeds from 2013 debt issuances were fully offset by scheduled maturities and the redemption of all of our outstanding subsidiary debt (in 2012, the increased cash flows from common stock issuances and proceeds from issuances of commercial paper and long-term debt primarily related to the amil acquisition); and (c) increased net purchases of investments.
financial condition as of december 31, 2014, our cash, cash equivalent and available-for-sale investment balances of $27.6 billion included $7.5 billion of cash and cash equivalents (of which $738 million was available for general corporate use), $18.6 billion of debt securities and $1.5 billion of investments in equity securities consisting of investments in non-u.s. dollar fixed-income funds; employee savings plan related investments; venture capital funds; and dividend paying stocks. given the significant portion of our portfolio held in cash equivalents, we do not anticipate fluctuations in the aggregate fair value of our financial assets to have a material impact on our liquidity or capital position. the use of different market assumptions or valuation methodologies, especially those used in valuing our $384 million of available-for-sale level 3 securities (those securities priced using significant unobservable inputs), may have an effect on the estimated fair values of our investments. due to the subjective nature of these assumptions, the estimates may not be indicative of the actual exit price if we had sold the investment at the measurement date. other sources of liquidity, primarily from operating cash flows and our commercial paper program, which is supported by our bank credit facilities, reduce the need to sell investments during adverse market conditions. see note 4 of notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8, "financial statements" for further detail concerning our fair value measurements.
our available-for-sale debt portfolio had a weighted-average duration of 3.4 years and a weighted-average credit rating of "aa" as of december 31, 2014. when multiple credit ratings are available for an individual security, the average of the available ratings is used to determine the weighted-average credit rating.
capital resources and uses of liquidity in addition to cash flows from operations and cash and cash equivalent balances available for general corporate use, our capital resources and uses of liquidity are as follows:
commercial paper and bank credit facilities. our bank credit facilities provide liquidity support for our commercial paper borrowing program, which facilitates the private placement of unsecured debt through third-party broker-dealers, and are available for general corporate purposes. for more information on our commercial paper and bank credit facilities, see note 8 of notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8, "financial statements."
our bank credit facilities contain various covenants, including covenants requiring us to maintain a debt to debt-plus-equity ratio of not more than 50%. our debt to debt-plus-equity ratio, calculated as the sum of debt divided by the sum of debt and shareholders' equity, which reasonably approximates the actual covenant ratio, was 34.9% as of december 31, 2014.
long-term debt. periodically, we access capital markets and issue long-term debt for general corporate purposes, for example, to meet our working capital requirements, to refinance debt, to finance acquisitions or for share repurchases.
in december 2014, we issued $2.0 billion in senior unsecured notes, which included: $750 million of 1.4% fixed-rate notes due december 15, 2017, $500 million of 2.3% fixed-rate notes due december 15, 2019 and $750 million of 2.875% fixed-rate notes due december 15, 2021.
credit ratings. our credit ratings as of december 31, 2014 were as follows:
moody's                  standard &amp; poor's         fitch                   a.m. best ratings        outlook   ratings             outlook   ratings       outlook   ratings         outlook senior unsecured debt   a3             stable    a+                  stable    a-            stable    bbb+            positive commercial paper        p-2            n/a       a-1                 n/a       f1            n/a       amb-2           n/a the availability of financing in the form of debt or equity is influenced by many factors, including our profitability, operating cash flows, debt levels, credit ratings, debt covenants and other contractual restrictions, regulatory requirements and economic and market conditions. for example, a significant downgrade in our credit ratings or adverse conditions in the capital markets may increase the cost of borrowing for us or limit our access to capital.
share repurchase program. in june 2014, our board renewed our share repurchase program with an authorization to repurchase up to 100 million shares of our common stock. as of december 31, 2014, we had board authorization to purchase up to an additional 71 million shares of our common stock. for more information on our share repurchase program, see note 10 of notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8, "financial statements."
dividends. in june 2014, our board of directors increased our quarterly cash dividend to shareholders to an annual dividend rate of $1.50 per share. for more information on our dividend, see note 10 of notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8, "financial statements."
contractual obligations and commitments the following table summarizes future obligations due by period as of december 31, 2014, under our various contractual obligations and commitments:
operating leases                                                             491                   715                      533                    464                 2,203
future policy benefits (c)                                                   127                   282                      289                  1,917                 2,615
unrecognized tax benefits (d)                                                  2                     -                        -                     83                    85
(a)   includes interest coupon payments and maturities at par or put values. the table also assumes amounts are outstanding through their contractual term. see note 8 of notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8, "financial statements" for more detail.
(b)   includes fixed or minimum commitments under existing purchase obligations for goods and services, including agreements that are cancelable with the payment of an early termination penalty. excludes agreements that are cancelable without penalty and excludes liabilities to the extent recorded in our consolidated balance sheets as of december 31, 2014.
(c)   future policy benefits represent account balances that accrue to the benefit of the policyholders, excluding surrender charges, for universal life and investment annuity products and for long-duration health policies sold to individuals for which some of the premium received in the earlier years is intended to pay benefits to be incurred in future years. see note 2 of notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8, "financial statements" for more detail.
(d)   as the timing of future settlements is uncertain, the long-term portion has been classified as "thereafter."
(e)   includes obligations associated with contingent consideration and other payments related to business acquisitions, certain employee benefit programs, and various other long-term liabilities. due to uncertainty regarding payment timing, obligations for employee benefit programs, charitable contributions and other liabilities have been classified as "thereafter."
(f)   includes remaining capital commitments for venture capital funds and other funding commitments.
(g)   includes commitments for redeemable shares of our subsidiaries, primarily the shares owned by amil's remaining non-public shareholders.
we do not have other significant contractual obligations or commitments that require cash resources. however, we continually evaluate opportunities to expand our operations, which include internal development of new products, programs and technology applications, and may include acquisitions.
off-balance sheet arrangements as of december 31, 2014, we were not involved in any off-balance sheet arrangements, which have or are reasonably likely to have a material effect on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity.
recently issued accounting standards in may 2014, the financial accounting standards board issued asu no. 2014-09 "revenue from contracts with customers (topic 606)." asu 2014-09 will supersede existing revenue recognition standards with a single model unless those contracts are within the scope of other standards (e.g., an insurance entity's insurance contracts). the revenue recognition principle in asu 2014-09 is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. in addition, new and enhanced disclosures will be required. companies can adopt the new standard using either the full retrospective approach, a modified retrospective approach with practical expedients, or a cumulative effect upon adoption approach. asu 2014-09 will become effective for annual and interim reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2016. early adoption is not permitted. we are currently evaluating the effect of the new revenue recognition guidance.
we have determined that there have been no other recently issued, but not yet adopted, accounting standards that will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
critical accounting estimates critical accounting estimates are those estimates that require management to make challenging, subjective or complex judgments, often because they must estimate the effects of matters that are inherently uncertain and may change in subsequent periods. critical accounting estimates involve judgments and uncertainties that are sufficiently sensitive and may result in materially different results under different assumptions and conditions.
medical costs payable each reporting period, we estimate our obligations for medical care services that have been rendered on behalf of insured consumers but for which claims have either not yet been received or processed and for liabilities for physician, hospital and other medical cost disputes. we develop estimates for medical care services incurred but not reported using an actuarial process that is consistently applied, centrally controlled and automated. the actuarial models consider factors such as time from date of service to claim receipt, claim processing backlogs, seasonal variances in medical care consumption, health care professional contract rate changes, medical care utilization and other medical cost trends, membership volume and demographics, the introduction of new technologies, benefit plan changes, and business mix changes related to products, customers and geography. depending on the health care professional and type of service, the typical billing lag for services can be up to 90 days from the date of service. substantially all claims related to medical care services are known and settled within nine to twelve months from the date of service. as of december 31, 2014, our days outstanding in medical payables was 47 days, calculated as total medical payables divided by total medical costs times 365 days.
each period, we re-examine previously established medical costs payable estimates based on actual claim submissions and other changes in facts and circumstances. as more complete claim information becomes available, we adjust the amount of the estimates and include the changes in estimates in medical costs in the period in which the change is identified. therefore, in every reporting period, our operating results include the effects of more completely developed medical costs payable estimates associated with previously reported periods. if the revised estimate of prior period medical costs is less than the previous estimate, we will decrease reported medical costs in the current period (favorable development). if the revised estimate of prior period medical costs is more than the previous estimate, we will increase reported medical costs in the current period (unfavorable development). medical costs in 2014, 2013 and 2012 included favorable medical cost development related to prior years of $420 million, $680 million and $860 million, respectively.
in developing our medical costs payable estimates, we apply different estimation methods depending on the month for which incurred claims are being estimated. for example, we actuarially calculate completion factors using an analysis of claim adjudication patterns over the most recent 36-month period. a completion factor is an actuarial estimate, based upon historical experience and analysis of current trends, of the percentage of incurred claims during a given period that have been adjudicated by us at the date of estimation. for months prior to the most recent three months, we apply the completion factors to actual claims adjudicated-to-date to estimate the expected amount of ultimate incurred claims for those months. for the most recent three months, we estimate claim costs incurred primarily by applying observed medical cost trend factors to the average per member per month (pmpm) medical costs incurred in prior months for which more complete claim data is available, supplemented by a review of near-term completion factors.
completion factors. completion factors are the most significant factors we use in developing our medical costs payable estimates for older periods, generally periods prior to the most recent three months. completion factors include judgments in relation to claim submissions such as the time from date of service to claim receipt, claim inventory levels and claim processing backlogs as well as other factors. if actual claims submission rates from providers (which can be influenced by a number of factors including provider mix and electronic versus manual submissions) or our claim processing patterns are different than estimated, our reserves may be significantly impacted.
the following table illustrates the sensitivity of these factors and the estimated potential impact on our medical costs payable estimates for those periods as of december 31, 2014:
completion factorsincrease (decrease) in factors            increase (decrease)in medical costs payable medical cost pmpm trend factors. medical cost pmpm trend factors are significant factors we use in developing our medical costs payable estimates for the most recent three months. medical cost trend factors are developed through a comprehensive analysis of claims incurred in prior months, provider contracting and expected unit costs, benefit design, and by reviewing a broad set of health care utilization indicators including, but not limited to, pharmacy utilization trends, inpatient hospital census data and incidence data from the national centers for disease control. we also consider macroeconomic variables such as gross-domestic product growth, employment and disposable income. a large number of factors can cause the medical cost trend to vary from our estimates including: our ability and practices to manage medical costs, changes in level and mix of services utilized, mix of benefits offered including the impact of co-pays and deductibles, changes in medical practices, catastrophes and epidemics.
the following table illustrates the sensitivity of these factors and the estimated potential impact on our medical costs payable estimates for the most recent three months as of december 31, 2014:
medical cost pmpm trendincrease (decrease) in factors            increase (decrease)in medical costs payable the completion factors and medical costs pmpm trend factors analyses above include outcomes that are considered reasonably likely based on our historical experience estimating liabilities for incurred but not reported benefit claims.
our estimate of medical costs payable represents management's best estimate of our liability for unpaid medical costs as of december 31, 2014, developed using consistently applied actuarial methods. management believes the amount of medical costs payable is reasonable and adequate to cover our liability for unpaid claims as of december 31, 2014; however, actual claim payments may differ from established estimates as discussed above. assuming a hypothetical 1% difference between our december 31, 2014 estimates of medical costs payable and actual medical costs payable, excluding aarp medicare supplement insurance and any potential offsetting impact from premium rebates, 2014 net earnings would have increased or decreased by $67 million.
revenues we derive a substantial portion of our revenues from health care insurance premiums. we recognize premium revenues in the period eligible individuals are entitled to receive health care services. customers are typically billed monthly at a contracted rate per eligible person multiplied by the total number of people eligible to receive services.
our medicare advantage and medicare part d premium revenues are subject to periodic adjustment under the cms risk adjustment payment methodology. the cms risk adjustment model provides higher per member payments for enrollees diagnosed with certain conditions and lower payments for enrollees who are healthier. we and health care providers collect, capture, and submit available diagnosis data to cms within prescribed deadlines. cms uses submitted diagnosis codes, demographic information, and special statuses to determine the risk score for most medicare advantage beneficiaries. cms also retroactively adjusts risk scores during the year based on additional data. we estimate risk adjustment revenues based upon the data submitted and expected to be submitted to cms. as a result of the variability of factors that determine such estimations, the actual amount of cms' retroactive payments could be materially more or less than our estimates. this may result in favorable or unfavorable adjustments to our medicare premium revenue and, accordingly, our profitability. risk adjustment data for certain of our plans is subject to review by the federal and state governments, including audit by regulators. see note 12 of notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8, "financial statements" for additional information regarding these audits. our estimates of premiums to be recognized are reduced by any expected premium minimum mlr rebates payable by us to cms.
u.s. commercial health plans with mlrs on fully insured products, as calculated under the definitions in health reform legislation, that fall below certain targets (85% for large employer groups, 80% for small employer groups and 80% for individuals) are required to rebate ratable portions of their premiums to their customers annually. premium revenues are recognized based on the estimated premiums earned net of projected rebates because we are able to reasonably estimate the ultimate premiums of these contracts. each period, we estimate premium rebates based on the expected financial performance of the applicable contracts within each defined aggregation set (e.g., by state, group size and licensed subsidiary). the most significant factors in estimating the financial performance are current and future premiums and medical claim experience, effective tax rates and expected changes in business mix. the estimated ultimate premium is revised each period to reflect current and projected experience.
goodwill and intangible assets goodwill. goodwill represents the amount of the purchase price in excess of the fair values assigned to the underlying identifiable net assets of acquired businesses. goodwill is not amortized, but is subject to an annual impairment test. impairment tests are performed more frequently if events occur or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of the reporting unit below its carrying amount.
to determine whether goodwill is impaired, we perform a multi-step impairment test. first, we can elect to perform a qualitative assessment of each reporting unit to determine whether facts and circumstances support a determination that their fair values are greater than their carrying values. if the qualitative analysis is not conclusive, or if we elect to proceed directly with quantitative testing, we will then measure the fair values of the reporting units and compare them to their aggregate carrying values, including goodwill. if the fair value is less than the carrying value of the reporting unit, then the implied value of goodwill would be calculated and compared to the carrying amount of goodwill to determine whether goodwill is impaired.
we estimate the fair values of our reporting units using discounted cash flows, which include assumptions about a wide variety of internal and external factors. significant assumptions used in the impairment analysis include financial projections of free cash flow (including significant assumptions about operations, capital requirements and income taxes), long-term growth rates for determining terminal value beyond the discretely forecasted periods, and discount rates. for each reporting unit, comparative market multiples are used to corroborate the results of our discounted cash flow test.
forecasts and long-term growth rates used for our reporting units are consistent with, and use inputs from, our internal long-term business plan and strategies. key assumptions used in these forecasts include:
   revenue trends. key revenue drivers for each reporting unit are determined and assessed. significant factors include: membership growth, medical trends, and the impact and expectations of regulatory environments. additional macro-economic assumptions relating to unemployment, gdp growth, interest rates, and inflation are also evaluated and incorporated, as appropriate.
   medical cost trends. for further discussion of medical cost trends, see the "medical cost trend" section of executive overview-business trends above and the discussion in the "medical costs payable" critical accounting estimate above. similar factors, including historical and expected medical cost trend levels, are considered in estimating our long-term medical trends at the reporting unit level.
   operating productivity. we forecast expected operating cost levels based on historical levels and expectations of future operating cost levels.
   capital levels. the operating and long-term capital requirements for each business are considered.
although we believe that the financial projections used are reasonable and appropriate for all of our reporting units, due to the long-term nature of the forecasts there is significant uncertainty inherent in those projections. that uncertainty is increased by the impact of health care reforms as discussed in item 1, "business - government regulation." for additional discussions regarding how the enactment or implementation of health care reforms and other factors could affect our business and the related long-term forecasts, see part i, item 1a, "risk factors" and "regulatory trends and uncertainties" above.
discount rates are determined for each reporting unit and include consideration of the implied risk inherent in their forecasts. this risk is evaluated using comparisons to market information such as peer company weighted average costs of capital and peer company stock prices in the form of revenue and earnings multiples. beyond our selection of the most appropriate risk-free rates and equity risk premiums, our most significant estimates in the discount rate determinations involve our adjustments to the peer company weighted average costs of capital that reflect reporting unit-specific factors. such adjustments include the addition of size premiums and company-specific risk premiums intended to compensate for apparent forecast risk. we have not made any adjustments to decrease a discount rate below the calculated peer company weighted average cost of capital for any reporting unit. company-specific adjustments to discount rates are subjective and thus are difficult to measure with certainty.
the passage of time and the availability of additional information regarding areas of uncertainty with respect to the reporting units' operations could cause these assumptions to change in the future.
we elected to bypass the optional qualitative reporting unit fair value assessment and completed our annual quantitative tests for goodwill impairment as of january 1, 2015. all of our reporting units had fair values substantially in excess of their carrying values.
intangible assets. our recorded separately-identifiable intangible assets were acquired in business combinations and represent future expected benefits but they lack physical substance (e.g., membership lists, customer contracts, trademarks and technology). these intangible assets are initially recorded at their fair values. finite-lived intangible assets are amortized over their expected useful lives, while indefinite-lived intangible assets are evaluated for impairment on at least an annual basis. both finite-lived and indefinite-lived intangible assets are evaluated for impairment between annual periods if an event occurs or circumstances change that may indicate impairment. our most significant intangible assets are customer-related intangibles, which represent 71% of our total intangible asset balance of $3.7 billion as of december 31, 2014.
customer-related intangible assets acquired in business combinations are typically valued using an income approach based on discounted future cash flows attributable to customers that exist as of the date of acquisition. the most significant assumptions used in the valuation of customer-related assets include: projected revenue and earnings growth, retention rates, perpetuity growth rates and discount rates. these initial valuations and the embedded assumptions contain uncertainty to the extent that those assumptions and estimates may ultimately differ from actual results (e.g., customer turnover may be higher or lower than the assumed retention rate suggested).
our finite-lived intangible assets are subject to impairment tests when events or circumstances indicate that an asset's (or asset group's) carrying value may exceed its estimated fair value. consideration is given on a quarterly basis to a number of potential impairment indicators including: changes in the use of the assets, changes in legal or other business factors that could affect value, experienced or expected operating cash-flow deterioration or losses, adverse changes in customer populations, adverse competitive or technological advances that could impact value, and other factors. following the identification of any potential impairment indicators, we would calculate the estimated fair value of a finite-lived intangible asset (or asset group) using the undiscounted cash flows that are expected to result from the use of the asset or related group of assets. if it is determined that an impairment exists, the amount by which the carrying value exceeds its estimated fair value would be recorded as an impairment.
our indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested for impairment on an annual basis, or more frequently if impairment indicators exist. to determine if an indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired, we assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events and circumstances indicates that it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset's carrying value exceeds its fair value. if, after assessing the totality of events and circumstances, we conclude that it is not more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset's carrying value exceeds its fair value, no impairment exists and no further testing is performed. if we conclude otherwise, we would perform a quantitative analysis by comparing its estimated fair value to its carrying value. if the carrying value exceeds its estimated fair value, an impairment would be recorded for the amount by which the carrying value exceeds its estimated fair value. intangible assets were not materially impaired in 2014.
investments as of december 31, 2014, we had investments with a carrying value of $20.6 billion, primarily held in marketable debt securities. our investments are principally classified as available-for-sale and are recorded at fair value. we exclude gross unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale investments from net earnings and report net unrealized gains or losses, net of income tax effects, as other comprehensive income and as a separate component in shareholders' equity. we continually monitor the difference between the cost and fair value of our investments. as of december 31, 2014, our available-for-sale investments had gross unrealized gains of $423 million and gross unrealized losses of $66 million.
for debt securities, if we intend to either sell or determine that we will be more likely than not be required to sell the security before recovery of the entire amortized cost basis or maturity of the security, we recognize the entire impairment in earnings. if we do not intend to sell the debt security and we determine that we will not be more likely than not be required to sell the debt security but we do not expect to recover the entire amortized cost basis, the impairment is bifurcated into the amount attributed to the credit loss, and recognized in net earnings, and all other causes, and recognized in other comprehensive income.
for equity securities, we recognize unrealized losses in other comprehensive income if we expect to hold the equity security until fair value increases to at least the equity security's cost basis and we expect that increase in fair value to occur in a reasonably forecasted period. if we intend to sell the equity security or if we believe that recovery of fair value to cost will not occur in the near term, we recognize the loss in net earnings.
the most significant judgments and estimates related to investments are related to determination of their fair values and the other-than-temporary impairment assessment.
fair values. fair values of available-for-sale debt and equity securities are based on quoted market prices, where available. we obtain one price for each security primarily from a third-party pricing service (pricing service), which generally uses quoted or other observable inputs for the determination of fair value. the pricing service normally derives the security prices through recently reported trades for identical or similar securities, making adjustments through the reporting date based upon available observable market information. for securities not actively traded, the pricing service may use quoted market prices of comparable instruments or discounted cash flow analyses, incorporating inputs that are currently observable in the markets for similar securities. inputs that are often used in the valuation methodologies include, but are not limited to, benchmark yields, credit spreads, default rates and prepayment speeds, and non-binding broker quotes. as we are responsible for the determination of fair value, we perform quarterly analyses of the prices received from the pricing service to determine whether the prices are reasonable estimates of fair value. specifically, we compare:
   prices received from the pricing service to prices reported by a secondary pricing service, our custodian, our investment consultant and third-party investment advisors; and
   changes in the reported market values and returns to relevant market indices and our expectations to test the reasonableness of the reported prices.
based on our internal price verification procedures and our review of the fair value methodology documentation provided by independent pricing service, we have not historically adjusted the prices obtained from the pricing service.
other-than-temporary impairment assessment. individual securities with fair values lower than costs are reviewed for impairment considering the following factors: our intent to sell the security or the likelihood that we will be required to sell the security before recovery of the entire amortized cost, the length of time and extent of impairment and the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer as well as specific events or circumstances that may influence the operations of the issuer. other factors included in the assessment include the type and nature of the securities and their liquidity. given the nature of our portfolio, primarily investment grade securities, historical impairments were largely market related (e.g., interest rate fluctuations) as opposed to credit related. we do not expect that trend to change in the near term. our large cash holdings reduce the risk that we will be required to sell a security. however, our intent to sell a security may change from period to period if facts and circumstances change.
our unrealized losses of $66 million and $234 million at december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, were primarily caused by market interest rate increases and not by unfavorable changes in the credit standing. we believe we will collect the principal and interest due on our debt securities with an amortized cost in excess of fair value. we manage our investment portfolio to limit our exposure to any one issuer or market sector, and largely limit our investments to u.s. government and agency securities; state and municipal securities; mortgage-backed securities; and corporate debt obligations, substantially all of which are of investment-grade quality. securities downgraded below policy minimums after purchase will be disposed of in accordance with our investment policy. total other-than-temporary impairments for 2014, 2013 and 2012 were $26 million, $8 million and $6 million, respectively. our available-for-sale debt portfolio had a weighted-average credit rating of "aa" as of december 31, 2014. we have minimal securities collateralized by sub-prime or alt-a securities, and a minimal amount of commercial mortgage loans in default.
the judgments and estimates related to fair value and other-than-temporary impairment may ultimately prove to be inaccurate due to many factors including: circumstances may change over time, industry sector and market factors may differ from expectations and estimates or we may ultimately sell a security we previously intended to hold. our assessment of the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer may ultimately prove to be inaccurate as time passes and new information becomes available, including changes to current facts and circumstances, or as unknown or estimated unlikely trends develop.
as discussed further in item 7a "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk" a 1% increase in market interest rates would have the effect of decreasing the fair value of our investment portfolio by $683 million.
income taxes our provision for income taxes, deferred tax assets and liabilities, and uncertain tax positions reflect our assessment of estimated future taxes to be paid on items in the consolidated financial statements.
deferred income taxes arise from temporary differences between financial reporting and tax reporting bases of assets and liabilities, as well as net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards for tax purposes. we have established a valuation allowance against certain deferred tax assets for which it is more-likely-than-not that some portion, or all, of the deferred tax asset will not be realized.
an uncertain tax position is recognized when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination, including resolutions of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits. we prepare and file tax returns based on our interpretation of tax laws and regulations and record estimates based on these judgments and interpretations. in the normal course of business, our tax returns are subject to examination by various taxing authorities. such examinations may result in future tax and interest assessments by these taxing authorities. inherent uncertainties exist in estimates of tax positions due to changes in tax law resulting from legislation, regulation or as concluded through the various jurisdictions' tax court systems.
the significant assumptions and estimates described above are important contributors to our ultimate effective tax rate in each year. a hypothetical increase or decrease in our effective tax rate by 1% on our 2014 earnings before income taxes would have caused the provision for income taxes and net earnings to change by $97 million.
contingent liabilities because of the nature of our businesses, we are routinely involved in various disputes, legal proceedings and governmental audits and investigations. we record liabilities for our estimates of the probable costs resulting from these matters where appropriate. our estimates are developed in consultation with legal counsel, if appropriate, and are based upon an analysis of potential results, assuming a combination of litigation and settlement strategies and considering our insurance coverage, if any, for such matters.
estimates of costs resulting from legal and regulatory matters are inherently difficult to predict, particularly where the matters: involve indeterminate claims for monetary damages or may involve fines, penalties or punitive damages; present novel legal theories or represent a shift in regulatory policy; involve a large number of claimants or regulatory bodies; are in the early stages of the proceedings; or could result in a change in business practices. accordingly, in many cases, we are unable to estimate the losses or ranges of losses for those matters where there is a reasonable possibility or it is probable that a loss may be incurred. similarly, the assessment of the likelihood of assertion of unasserted claims involves significant judgment.
given this inherent uncertainty, it is possible that future results of operations for any particular quarterly or annual period could be materially affected by changes in our estimates or assumptions. we evaluate our related disclosures in each reporting period. see note 12 of notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8, "financial statements" for a discussion of specific legal proceedings including an assessment of whether a reasonable estimate of the losses or range of loss could be determined.
legal matters a description of our legal proceedings is presented in note 12 of notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8, "financial statements."
concentrations of credit risk investments in financial instruments such as marketable securities and accounts receivable may subject us to concentrations of credit risk. our investments in marketable securities are managed under an investment policy authorized by our board of directors. this policy limits the amounts that may be invested in any one issuer and generally limits our investments to u.s. government and agency securities, state and municipal securities and corporate debt obligations that are investment grade. concentrations of credit risk with respect to accounts receivable are limited due to the large number of employer groups and other customers that constitute our client base. as of december 31, 2014, we had an aggregate $1.8 billion reinsurance receivable resulting from the sale of our golden rule financial corporation life and annuity business in 2005. we regularly evaluate the financial condition of the reinsurer and record the reinsurance receivable only to the extent that the amounts are deemed probable of recovery. currently, the reinsurer is rated by a.m. best as "a+." as of december 31, 2014, there were no other significant concentrations of credit risk.