During fiscal 2020, we experienced strong demand across our digital media offerings consistent with the continued execution of our long-term plans. Our focus remains on promoting employee health and safety, serving our customers, and ensuring business continuity. As a result, we have taken action to direct our teams to work from home, suspend travel, and replace in-person events with digital events. This macro trend towards all things digital has increased the importance and relevance of our solutions and accelerated the tailwinds that benefit our business, contributing to our continued growth year over year. However, the broader implications of the pandemic on our results of operations and overall financial performance remain uncertain. We believe that investments in research and development, including the recruiting and hiring of software developers, are critical to remain competitive in the marketplace and are directly related to continued timely development of new and enhanced offerings and solutions. We continue to implement strategies that will accelerate awareness, consideration, and purchase of subscriptions to our creative cloud offerings. Our strategy with creative cloud is designed to enable us to increase our revenue with users, attract more new customers, and grow our recurring and predictable revenue stream. The increase in our digital media annual recurring revenue was primarily due to new user adoption of our creative cloud and document cloud offerings. The increases were primarily due to subscription revenue growth associated with our creative cloud and document cloud offerings, driven by strong net new user growth, including those resulting from the current work-from-home environment reflecting expanded digital engagement. We have made significant investments to broaden the scale and size of our routes to market, and our recent financial results reflect the success of these investments. Our differentiation and competitive advantage is strengthened by our ability to use the Adobe Experience Platform to connect our comprehensive set of solutions. The pandemic has led to increased disruption and volatility in capital markets and credit markets, which could adversely affect our liquidity and capital resources in the future. However, based on our current business plan and revenue prospects, we believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents, and investment balances, our anticipated cash flows from operations, and our available credit facility will be sufficient to meet our working capital, operating resource expenditure, and capital expenditure requirements for the next twelve months. We expect our capital investment to be approximately $550 million to $650 million, primarily to fund our construction projects. Our existing cash, cash equivalents, and investment balances may fluctuate during fiscal 2021 due to changes in our planned cash outlay. We have established reserves for income taxes to address potential exposures involving tax positions that could be challenged by tax authorities. We regularly assess the likelihood of outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes and have reserved for potential adjustments that may result from such examinations. The sustainability of our future tax benefits is dependent upon the acceptance of the valuation estimates and assumptions by the taxing authorities. We believe that our assumptions, judgments, and estimates involved in the accounting for revenue recognition, business combinations, and income taxes have the greatest potential impact on our consolidated financial statements.