The pandemic caused by the novel strain of the coronavirus (COVID-19) has resulted in government authorities implementing numerous measures to try to contain the virus, such as travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, shelter in place orders, and shutdowns. These measures have impacted and likely will continue to impact our workforce and operations, the operations of our customers and those of our respective vendors and suppliers. We have significant operations worldwide, including in the United States, the Philippines, Ireland, Singapore, Malaysia, China, and India. Each of these countries has been affected by the pandemic and taken measures to try to contain it, resulting in disruptions at some of our manufacturing operations and facilities. Since the beginning of the third quarter of fiscal 2020, our manufacturing operations and supply chain generally stabilized at normal levels, but that could change in the future given that the COVID-19 situation remains dynamic. The spread of COVID-19 has caused us to modify our business practices, including restricting employee travel, modifying employee work locations, and cancelling physical participation in meetings, events, and conferences. While we are confident that our strategy and long-term contingency planning have positioned us well to weather the current uncertainty, we cannot at this time fully quantify or forecast the impact of COVID-19 on our business. The degree to which COVID-19 impacts our business, financial condition, and results of operations will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain, and we cannot provide assurance as to the duration and spread of the pandemic, its severity, the actions to contain the virus or treat its impact, or how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating conditions can resume. We monitor global macroeconomic conditions on an ongoing basis and continue to assess opportunities for improved operational effectiveness and efficiency, as well as a better alignment of expenses with revenues. As a result of these assessments, we have undertaken various restructuring actions over the past several years. The repositioning actions taken in fiscal 2020 are not expected to result in any future net annualized savings as the reduction in salary and benefits from workforce reductions will be redeployed to other areas of the business as part of the reorganizational initiative. Our existing sources of liquidity and cash expected to be generated from future operations, together with existing and anticipated available long-term financing, will be sufficient to fund operations, capital expenditures, research and development efforts, transaction costs associated with our proposed acquisition, and dividend payments in the immediate future and for at least the next twelve months. We believe that a continued commitment to research and development is essential to maintain product leadership with our existing products as well as to provide innovative new product offerings. We expect to continue to make significant R&D investments in the future. The adoption of new revenue accounting rules has required us to revise our revenue recognition policy, which reflects our expectations about the consideration we will be entitled to receive from the customer. The estimation of costs at completion of a contract is subject to numerous variables involving contract costs and estimates as to the length of time to complete the contract. Changes in contract performance, estimated gross margin, including the impact of final contract settlements, and estimated losses are recognized in the period in which the changes or losses are determined. We have recognized no material impairment adjustments related to our property, plant, and equipment and identified intangible assets during the past three fiscal years, except those made in conjunction with restructuring actions.