Amgen has taken appropriate steps to minimize the risk to our employees during the COVID-19 pandemic, with a significant number of employees working remotely while maintaining critical business operations. Our remote working arrangements have not significantly affected our ability to maintain critical business operations, and we have not experienced disruptions or shortages of our supply of medicines. We have seen changes in demand trends for some of our products, including lower demand for certain products as continuing patient access to those products has been affected by COVID-19. Our efforts remain focused on assisting patients with improving their continuity of care to increase product access. The pandemic interrupted many physician-patient interactions, which led to delays in diagnosis and treatment, with varying degrees of impact across our portfolio. We continuously monitor our ability for study enrollment on an institution-by-institution basis and reevaluate the status of studies, pausing when uncertainty arises with regard to the trial sites' ability to ensure safety or data integrity. Our R&D organization is supporting efforts to combat the COVID-19 pandemic by working to support production of therapeutic antibodies and participating in platform studies to investigate treatments in adult patients hospitalized with severe COVID-19 infections. We believe that existing funds, cash generated from operations, and existing sources of and access to financing are adequate to satisfy our needs for working capital, capital expenditures, and debt service requirements. Our strategy includes integrated activities intended to maintain and strengthen our competitive position in the industry, focusing on commercial areas and conducting discovery research primarily in therapeutic areas. We have continued to advance our innovative pipeline and broaden our international reach, particularly in the Asia Pacific region, while maintaining a strategic and disciplined approach to capital allocation. Our approach to human capital resource management is directed at attracting, motivating, and retaining talent to tackle challenges, and we believe a diverse and inclusive culture fosters innovation, supporting our ability to serve patients. We have a long-standing ambition to be environmentally responsible and regularly set targets to deliver improvements. Our long-term success depends on our ability to discover, develop, and commercialize innovative products and collaborate on therapies currently in development by other companies. We devote considerable resources to R&D activities, but successful product development in the biotechnology industry is highly uncertain. Rising healthcare costs and uncertain economic conditions continue to pose challenges to our business, including significant pricing pressures and cost containment measures. We anticipate that our liquidity needs can be met through a variety of sources, including cash provided by operating activities and access to other domestic and foreign debt markets. We have established a diversity, inclusion, and belonging council to improve our focus on these areas, which we believe strengthens our organizational health and resilience. Our operational flexibility and strategic response to external pressures, including competition from biosimilars and generics, are critical to maintaining our performance under pressure and adapting to the evolving business environment.