During the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, we have taken a variety of actions to ensure the continued availability of our communications sites, while ensuring the safety and security of our employees, tenants, vendors, and surrounding communities. These measures include providing support for our tenants remotely, requiring work-from-home arrangements, and restricting travel for our employees where practicable. We will continue to actively monitor the situation and may take further actions as may be required by governmental authorities or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, tenants, and business partners. Our tenant leases with wireless carriers generally have initial non-cancellable terms of five to ten years with multiple renewal terms, resulting in a significant majority of the revenues generated by our property operations being recurring revenue that we should continue to receive in future periods. We expect to generate nearly $59 billion of non-cancellable tenant lease revenue over future periods, before the impact of straight-line lease accounting. The revenues generated by our property operations may be affected by cancellations of existing tenant leases; however, churn has historically not had a material adverse effect on the revenues generated by our consolidated property operations. We anticipate that our churn rate in India will moderate over time and result in reduced impacts on our property revenue, gross margin, and operating profit. Our ability to lease additional space on our sites is primarily a function of the rate at which wireless carriers and other tenants deploy capital to improve and expand their wireless networks, which is influenced by the growth of wireless services, the penetration of advanced wireless devices, and general economic conditions. We believe that consistent carrier network investments across our international markets will, over the long term, position us to generate meaningful organic revenue growth. Our operations in many markets, particularly those in earlier stages of wireless development, will enable us to participate in these deployments over the long term. We expect that the deployment of advanced mobile technology, such as 4G and 5G, will provide higher speed data services and further enable fixed broadband substitution, compelling our tenants to deploy additional equipment across their existing networks. We have established operations in many of these markets, which we believe will enable us to meaningfully participate in these deployments over the long term. Our ability to generate cash flow from operating activities depends upon the demand for our communications sites and our related services and our ability to increase the utilization of our existing communications sites. We believe our operating results during the next 12 months will be sufficient to comply with the financial maintenance tests defined in the loan agreements for our credit facilities. The ongoing transition from 2G technology to 4G technology in India has included a period of carrier consolidation, which we believe has resulted in an industry structure that will be more conducive to sustained growth and profitability over time. We expect to continue to deploy capital through our annual capital expenditure program, including land purchases and new site construction, and through acquisitions. We are committed to maintaining our long-term financial policies while enhancing our operational flexibility and resilience in response to external pressures and market volatility.