The company believes that its global presence is an important competitive advantage as it allows the company to provide quality products on a timely and worldwide basis to its multinational customers. The company has focused its global resources to position itself to compete effectively in this environment. The company continues taking actions to mitigate, as best we can, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the health and well-being of our employees, the communities in which we operate and our partners, as well as the impact on our operations and business as a whole. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic will continue to impact our business and financial results going forward will be dependent on future developments such as the length and severity of the crisis, future government regulations and actions in response to the crisis, the timing, availability and effectiveness of vaccines, and the overall impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the global economy and capital markets. The company has consistently generated cash from operations, which is a fundamental financial strength, and uses operating cash flow to fund capital expenditures and acquisitions, pay dividends and reduce indebtedness. The company expects that capital expenditures in 2021 will be in a range of 3% to 4% of net sales. The company has significant flexibility to meet its financial commitments and uses debt financing to lower the overall cost of capital and increase return on stockholders' equity. The company's primary sources of liquidity are internally generated cash flow, cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments on hand, along with access to capital markets. The company has recorded a provisional tax charge related to the deemed repatriation of the accumulated unremitted earnings and profits of foreign subsidiaries, which is to be paid over an eight-year period starting in 2018. The company evaluates its optimal mix of short-term and long-term debt regularly and may replace certain amounts of commercial paper, short-term debt, and current maturities of long-term debt with new issuances of long-term debt in the future. The company intends to evaluate certain post-2020 earnings for distribution and accrue for those distributions where appropriate, while indefinitely reinvesting all other foreign earnings. The company has made aggregate cash contributions to its defined benefit pension plans and plans to evaluate annually the timing and amount of cash contributions in the future based on actuarial calculations and investment performance. The company completed two acquisitions in 2020, which were not material, and expects to further expand its range of sensor and sensor-based products through the acquisition of MTS Systems Corporation. The company anticipates that the acquisition will enhance its capabilities and product offerings across diverse end markets. The company has a stock repurchase program and intends to evaluate future purchases based on factors such as cash generation from operations, the level of uncertainty relating to the COVID-19 pandemic, and economic and market conditions. The company is also subject to foreign exchange exposure due to changes in exchange rates and attempts to minimize currency exposure risk through various strategies. The company's operations are subject to environmental laws and regulations, and it believes that its operations are currently in substantial compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations. The company strives to offset the impact of increases in the cost of raw materials, labor, and services through price increases, productivity improvements, and cost-saving programs.