The COVID-19 pandemic has brought unprecedented challenges to businesses and economies around the world, creating a high degree of uncertainty relating to the ongoing spread and severity of the virus and new variants. Throughout 2020, we focused on managing through this period of uncertainty by supporting our colleagues and winning as a team, protecting our customers and our brand, structuring the company for future growth, and remaining financially strong. Our colleague base successfully operated in a mostly remote working environment, ensuring that they had the flexibility and resources needed to stay safe, healthy, and productive. We offered financial and other assistance to our customers and merchants, added product benefits to reflect today's environment, and provided the high level of customer service they expect and rely on. Our progress in managing through the pandemic over the last year confirms the resilience of our differentiated business model, which includes a loyal and diverse customer base, a valued brand, our global merchant network, and our integrated payments platform. We experienced lower voluntary attrition rates on our proprietary products compared to the prior year, and our card members continued to recognize our commitment to service excellence. The pandemic resulted in a significant decline in our billed business, but we have seen steady improvement since mid-April, with different recovery trends in travel and entertainment (T&E) and non-T&E spend. Our liquidity levels and capital position remained strong, providing us with significant flexibility to maintain the strength of our balance sheet through this uncertain period. We are closely monitoring the changing macroeconomic environment and actively managing our balance sheet to reflect evolving circumstances, aiming to remain financially strong against a backdrop of an uncertain operating environment and outlook. Our capital strategy is designed to retain sufficient levels of capital generated through net income and other sources to maintain a strong balance sheet and provide flexibility to support future business growth. We are committed to capital distributions through dividend payments and resuming share repurchases as conditions allow. Our risk management governance framework is designed to identify, aggregate, monitor, and manage risks, ensuring that we can respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform ourselves to emerge stronger from challenging situations. We utilize a comprehensive enterprise-wide risk management program to define our risk appetite and governance, which is overseen by our board of directors. The operational risk management process is designed to measure and manage risks that could impact our organization, including those arising from inadequate or failed processes, people, or information systems. Our information and cyber security program aims to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of information and information systems from unauthorized access and disruptions. We are committed to enhancing our operational capabilities and resilience strategies to ensure that we can adapt to unexpected situations and maintain operational continuity.