The corporation is managing its response to the pandemic according to its enterprise response framework, which invokes centralized management of the crisis event and the integration of its response. The CEO and key members of the corporation's management team meet regularly with co-leaders of the executive response team, composed of senior executives across the corporation, to help drive decisions, communications, and consistency of response across all businesses and functions. The corporation has implemented protocols and processes to execute its business continuity plans and help protect its employees and support its clients. We are also coordinating with global, regional, and local authorities and health experts, including the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) and the World Health Organization. The corporation has globally implemented a work-from-home posture, resulting in the substantial majority of employees working from home, and pre-planned contingency strategies for site-based operations for remaining employees. We continue to evaluate our continuity plans and work-from-home strategy to best protect the health and safety of our employees. The corporation is leveraging its business continuity plans and capabilities to service clients and meet their financial needs by offering assistance to clients affected by the pandemic, including providing access to credit and important financial services. The corporation has implemented various consumer and commercial loan modification programs to provide its borrowers relief from the economic impacts of COVID-19. The provision for credit losses increased significantly due to the weaker economic outlook related to COVID-19. The corporation is managing the increased operational risk related to the execution of its business continuity plans in accordance with its enterprise response framework, risk framework, and operational risk management program. The corporation's risk appetite indicates the amount of capital, earnings, or liquidity we are willing to put at risk to achieve our strategic objectives and business plans, consistent with applicable regulatory requirements. The corporation's overall capacity to take risk is limited; therefore, we prioritize the risks we take to maintain a strong and flexible financial position to withstand challenging economic conditions. The corporation has developed and maintains contingency plans designed to prepare for potential adverse economic, financial, or market stress. These plans provide monitoring, escalation, actions, and routines designed to enable the corporation to increase capital, access funding sources, and reduce risk through potential options that include asset sales, business sales, capital or debt issuances, or other de-risking strategies. The corporation has established operational procedures to enable it to borrow against assets, including regularly monitoring its total pool of eligible loans and securities collateral. The corporation is closely monitoring its non-U.S. exposure, particularly in countries where restrictions on activities have affected economic activity. The magnitude and duration of the pandemic and its full impact on the global economy continue to be highly uncertain. The corporation's strategic plan is consistent with its risk appetite, capital plan, and liquidity requirements, specifically addressing strategic risks. The corporation's risk management processes are integrated into key strategic, capital, and financial planning processes to ensure risks are appropriately considered, evaluated, and responded to in a timely manner.