Our mission is to make it easier for everyone to experience the world. We seek to empower people to cut through travel barriers, such as money, time, language, and overwhelming options, so they can use our services to easily and confidently go where they want to go, stay where they want to stay, dine where they want to dine, pay how they want to pay, and experience what they want to experience. We are increasing the collaboration, cooperation, and interdependency among our brands in our efforts to provide consumers with the best and most comprehensive services. We also seek to maximize the benefits of our scale by sharing resources and technological innovations, co-developing new services, and coordinating activities in key markets among our brands. The COVID-19 pandemic has materially adversely affected consumer sentiment and discretionary spending patterns, economies and financial markets, and our workforce, operations, and customers. We have taken actions to address the impact of the pandemic on our business, including raising $4.1 billion in debt and negotiating amendments to our revolving credit facility to provide additional financial flexibility, undertaking restructuring activities at all of our brands, and participating in certain government aid programs. We have also implemented a general temporary company-wide hiring freeze and significantly reduced marketing spend worldwide. Our financial results and prospects are almost entirely dependent on the sale of travel-related services. The extent of the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business is highly uncertain and will ultimately depend on future developments, including the severity, extent, and duration of the pandemic and its impact on the travel and restaurant industries. We have increased our provision for expected credit losses on receivables from and cash advances made to our travel service provider and restaurant partners. We expect to continue to make decisions and take actions to address the impacts of the pandemic on our business, including additional efforts to reduce costs while preserving our ability to offer valuable services to consumers and partners when the industry recovers. The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in a material decrease in consumer spending and an unprecedented decline in travel and restaurant activities. We have observed an improvement in cancellation rates since the high in April, though we have seen additional periods of highly elevated cancellation rates typically coinciding with newly imposed travel restrictions. The overall improvement in cancellation rates since April benefits our room nights booked including cancellations but does not impact newly-booked room nights. We believe that as effective vaccines become widely distributed, people will feel it is safe to travel again and government restrictions will be relaxed, although the timing remains uncertain. We have also been working with travelers and our travel service provider partners to deal with reservation cancellations and other disruptions arising from the impact of the pandemic. The impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic are wide-ranging and affect all aspects of our business. We anticipate that we will continue to make decisions and take actions to address the impacts of the pandemic on our business, including additional efforts to reduce costs while preserving our ability to offer valuable services to consumers and partners when the industry recovers. We believe that our existing cash balances and liquid resources will be sufficient to fund our operating activities, capital expenditures, and other obligations through at least the next twelve months. However, if we are not successful in generating sufficient cash flow from operations or in raising additional capital when required, we may be required to reduce our planned capital expenditures and scale back the scope of our business plans, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, our ability to compete, or our future growth prospects.