BlackRock has implemented a number of steps to prepare for the outcome of the United Kingdom's exit from the European Union, which include effecting organizational, governance, and operational changes, applying for and receiving additional licenses and permissions in the EU, and engaging in client communications. These steps may add complexity to BlackRock's future European operations and could impede the company's growth or impact its financial performance. The COVID-19 pandemic continues to result in governmental authorities taking numerous measures to contain its spread, which can disrupt supply chains, lower asset valuations, and cause significant volatility and disruption in the financial markets. The aggregate extent to which COVID-19 affects BlackRock's business and financial condition will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain. BlackRock's diversified platform enables it to generate more stable cash flows through market cycles, positioning the company to invest for the long term by balancing future growth and prudent discretionary expense management. The company is committed to helping clients build more resilient portfolios, integrating sustainability into the way it manages risk, constructs portfolios, designs products, and engages with companies. BlackRock's investment management revenue is primarily comprised of fees earned as a percentage of assets under management (AUM), which could be impacted by fluctuations in market conditions. The company believes that it will be able to continue to grow AUM organically by focusing on strong investment performance, efficient delivery of beta for index products, client service, developing new products, and optimizing distribution capabilities. BlackRock's framework for long-term value creation is predicated on generating differentiated organic growth and leveraging scale to increase operating margins over time. The company continues to invest in technology services offerings, enhancing its ability to manage portfolios and risk effectively. BlackRock's Aladdin platform provides clients with the ability to manage portfolios and risk across public and private asset classes on a single platform. The company recognizes the importance of operational flexibility and resilience strategies in navigating complex situations and external pressures. The anticipated industry consolidation and regulatory requirements should continue to drive demand for holistic and flexible technology solutions. BlackRock's management believes that the company's diversified platform facilitates the generation of organic growth in various market environments and as client preferences evolve. The company is focused on creating outcome-oriented client solutions, which include having a diverse platform of alpha-seeking active, index, and alternative products, as well as enhanced distribution and portfolio construction technology offerings. BlackRock's commitment to sustainability reflects an increased understanding of how sustainability-related factors can affect economic growth, asset values, and financial markets as a whole, further contributing to the resilience of its operational framework.