The ongoing pandemic and accompanying restrictions negatively impacted our net sales and our results of operations in 2020. We experienced some improvement in our global sales trends in the second half of 2020 as previously deferred procedures resumed and referral rates improved. However, as COVID-19 cases re-surged in many locations around the world and new, more contagious variant strains of COVID-19 emerged in late 2020, renewed restrictions were implemented in areas that had previously reopened. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we implemented cost reduction initiatives, including decreases in travel, meetings and customer events, hiring, clinical programs, and certain research and development projects. We also implemented a temporary four-day work week for many employees globally and reduced employee compensation. Our global crisis management team has focused on protecting our employees and customers, optimizing our operations, and securing our supply chain. We have successfully implemented business continuity plans including establishing a medical advisory group for employees, leveraging work from home infrastructure to facilitate social distancing, limiting sales visits to critical cases, and accelerating capabilities to provide remote physician support. While we expect the COVID-19 pandemic will continue to negatively impact our 2021 performance, we continue to believe our long-term fundamentals remain strong and we will manage through these challenges with strategic focus. Due to the uncertainty of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, we took proactive steps to reduce costs and ensure we are in a strong position to support customers and patients as healthcare systems recover and elective and semi-emergent procedures resume. These actions included taking steps to manage outstanding borrowings and increase available liquidity, preemptively amending our financial covenant requirement for our outstanding credit arrangements, implementing significant cost reductions, and slowing planned capital expenditures. We created a cross-functional strategic cash management team to take appropriate actions to ensure we continue to optimize funds to execute our core mission. We have evaluated the recoverability of the assets in our consolidated balance sheet in accordance with relevant authoritative accounting literature, considering the disruptions caused by COVID-19, including revised forecasted sales and customer demand. We continue to focus our efforts on the health and safety of patients, healthcare providers, and employees while executing our mission of transforming lives through innovative medical solutions to improve the health of patients around the world. The severity, magnitude, and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic and its economic consequences are uncertain and rapidly changing, and the pandemic's impact on our operations and financial performance, as well as its impact on our ability to execute our business strategies and initiatives successfully, remains uncertain and difficult to predict. We have continued to monitor for indicators of impairment and reflected accordingly in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. The ongoing pandemic has highlighted the need for operational flexibility and adaptability in our business practices to maintain performance under pressure and ensure resilience in the face of external disturbances.