In response to COVID-19 and global business conditions, we continue to implement safeguards in our facilities to protect team members, including increased frequency of cleaning and disinfecting, social distancing practices, and other measures consistent with specific governmental requirements and guidance from health authorities. At the end of 2020, nearly all of our primary production facilities continued to operate, although this fluctuated as conditions warranted, including the pace of economic recovery and the potential for additional COVID-related temporary shutdowns. We have continued to take actions to reduce costs and prioritize our spending to provide for investment in services and expanded offerings, key elements of our strategy for profitable growth. The decrease in sales volume was driven by lower end-user demand for equipment and services and the impact from changes in dealer inventories across the three primary segments. Caterpillar ended 2020 with $9.4 billion of enterprise cash and more than $14 billion of available liquidity sources, reflecting our commitment to maintaining a strong financial position. In 2020, we raised $2.0 billion of incremental cash by issuing bonds and entered into an incremental $3.9 billion short-term credit facility to enhance liquidity. We also do not have any outstanding borrowings under either commercial paper support program as of the date of this filing, indicating a robust liquidity position. Our financial products operations rely on cash flow from its existing portfolio, existing cash balances, access to our credit facility, and potential borrowings from Caterpillar. The actions taken to maintain our strong financial position and increase liquidity demonstrate our resilience strategies in confronting external pressures and unexpected situations. We expect that prior restructuring actions will result in an incremental benefit to operating costs, primarily costs of goods sold and SG&A expenses. The favorable manufacturing costs were mostly driven by lower period manufacturing costs and material costs, partially offset by higher warranty expense. We have suspended 2020 short-term incentive compensation plans for many employees and all senior executives in response to the continued global economic uncertainty due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The operating profit margin was 10.9 percent in 2020, compared with 15.4 percent in 2019, reflecting the impact of lower sales volume and unfavorable price realization. We have taken actions to reduce costs and prioritize spending to provide for investment in services and expanded offerings, which are key elements of our strategy for profitable growth. The decline in sales volume was driven by lower end-user demand for equipment and services and the impact from changes in dealer inventories across the three primary segments. Our ability to absorb strain and preserve functioning despite adversity is evidenced by our operational continuity and the measures we have implemented to adapt to the challenges posed by the pandemic. We continue to monitor and assess the impacts of external disturbances and environmental perturbations on our operations, ensuring that we remain agile and responsive to the changing business landscape. Our commitment to maintaining a strong financial position and our proactive measures to enhance liquidity underscore our focus on organizational resilience and adaptability in navigating complex situations.