The results of our individual businesses reflect the manner in which management evaluates performance and makes decisions about funding our operations and allocating resources. Our internal management and reporting process employs various allocation methodologies, including funds transfer pricing, to assign certain balance sheet assets, deposits, and other liabilities and their related revenue and expenses directly or indirectly attributable to each business segment. The net interest income of each segment reflects the results of our funds capital one financial corporation major categories of risk compliance, which includes the risk to current or anticipated earnings or capital arising from violations of laws, rules, or regulations. Compliance risk can also arise from nonconformance with prescribed practices, internal policies and procedures, contractual obligations, or ethical standards that reinforce those laws, rules, or regulations. Credit risk pertains to the resilience arising from an obligor's failure to meet the terms of any contract with the company or otherwise perform as agreed. Liquidity risk involves the company's ability to meet its future financial obligations as they come due or invest in future asset growth due to an inability to obtain funds at a reasonable price within a reasonable time. Market risk encompasses the potential adverse impact on the institution's earnings or the economic value of equity due to changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, or other market factors. Operational risk refers to the risk of loss, capital impairment, adverse customer experience, or reputational impact resulting from failure to comply with policies and procedures, failed internal processes or systems, or external events. Reputation risk affects market value, recruitment, retention of talented associates, and maintenance of a loyal customer base due to negative perceptions of our internal and external constituents regarding our business strategies and activities. Strategic risk involves a material impact on current or anticipated earnings, capital, franchise, or enterprise value arising from the company's competitive and market position and evolving forces in the industry that can affect that position. We provide an overview of how we manage our seven major categories of risk, including the resilience under a variety of stress conditions in our auto loans, which generally have fixed interest rates and loan terms of 75 months or less. Underwriting decisions are based on an applicant's income, estimated net disposable income, and credit bureau information, along with collateral characteristics such as loan-to-value ratio. We maintain an auto securitization program that reflects our commitment to operational continuity and resilience in the face of potential disruptions.