In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we took actions that focused on maintaining business continuity, supporting our employees, helping our customers and communities, and preparing for the future and the long-term success of our business. We experienced a slight decline in new business in the first quarter of fiscal 2021; however, new business grew during the remainder of fiscal 2021 at rates consistent with historical trends prior to COVID-19. Our income from operations benefited from our global work-from-home policy and limited business travel by our employees. We have implemented strategic realignments to position our company for future growth, redirecting resources from areas that no longer align with our business priorities into key growth and strategic areas, which included some position eliminations. We may record additional impairments to associated assets as we continue to evaluate our office space needs. The pandemic has created significant global economic uncertainty, adversely impacting the business of our customers and partners, and could further impact our results of operations and cash flows in the future. Authorities have implemented numerous preventative measures that could continue to cause business slowdowns or shutdowns, impacting our ability to address cybersecurity incidents and develop and support products and services. The ultimate extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operational and financial performance depends on developments that are uncertain and cannot be predicted. We continue to invest in a variety of customer programs and initiatives, which, along with increasing enterprise adoption, have helped keep our attrition rate consistent compared to the prior year. We believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, and cash provided by operating activities will be sufficient to meet our working capital, capital expenditure, and debt repayment needs over the next 12 months. We plan to continue to invest additional resources in our enterprise cloud computing services and data center capacity to allow us to scale with our customers and continuously evolve our security measures. We have increased our headcount associated with our data centers, customer support, and professional services to meet the higher demand for services from our customers. Our strategy may continue to change related to these investments, and we may slow the pace of our investments in response to the known and potential impacts of COVID-19 on our business. We mobilized to support our employees, customers, and communities in response to the pandemic by closing offices globally and providing an allowance for employees to improve their ability to work from home. We launched new solutions designed to help our customers reopen safely and took action to address the personal protective equipment shortage facing medical personnel. We recognize the importance of ensuring the ethical and humane use of technology and regularly engage with stakeholders to navigate how we mitigate risk and avoid harmful unintended consequences. Our commitment to values drives our approach to creating long-term value for our stakeholders, including our focus on equality and community support. We expect to continue to make investments and acquisitions in the future to expand our service offerings and nurture the overall ecosystem for our offerings.