During 2018, we formally commenced a restructuring plan to leverage technology and system investments and organizational changes. The goal of the plan is to further simplify and automate processes and tasks, reduce complexity and management layers, consolidate facilities, and focus on key long-term growth areas by further leveraging technology and structural improvements. In the third quarter of 2020, we expanded the plan for additional costs and savings to further leverage the technology and structural improvements. Following the establishment of the separate institutional plan, we now expect that the restructuring activities will be completed by the end of 2022, with total anticipated costs of $255 million ($195 million after tax), or $0.67 per diluted share, over this period of time, when revised for continuing operations. Costs are expected to be primarily cash expenditures for severance costs and some facility closure costs relating to team reorganizations. Actual costs may vary from these estimates depending on actions taken. While we anticipate our 2021 results of operations to be generally comparable to 2019, we are not yet able to adequately estimate the full impact of the coronavirus outbreak on our end markets and our business due to the pandemic's evolving nature and the public and private responses to it. While we expect favorable conditions to resume in our industrial markets and expect conditions to continue to be favorable in our healthcare and life sciences markets, we anticipate products and services provided to the full-service restaurant, hospitality, lodging, and entertainment industries will continue to be negatively impacted over the near term due to the regulatory and organizational operating restrictions and mandates that have been put in place and affecting those end markets. We have taken, and are continuing to take, steps to drive revenue growth through new products, programs, and markets, as well as steps to reduce costs, including reductions in capital expenditures, as well as other ongoing cost initiatives. These actions reflect our commitment to maintaining operational flexibility and adapting to external pressures while striving for organizational effectiveness in the face of adversity. The restructuring plan aims to enhance our resilience by reconfiguring our operational structure and resource allocation to better respond to unexpected situations and ensure business continuity.