In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of a novel strain of coronavirus ("COVID-19") a global health pandemic. The COVID-19 pandemic continues to evolve, and the virus and mitigation efforts have continued to impact the global economy, cause market instability, increase unemployment, and put pressure on the healthcare system. The COVID-19 pandemic has impacted and will continue to impact our membership and benefit expense and has influenced and will likely continue to influence member behavior, impacting how members access healthcare services. We remain focused on increasing access and coverage for our members and made several changes to our membership benefits and business operations, adopted tools and policies to assist consumers and care providers, and provided support to our associates and our local communities. During 2020, we proactively took several actions to preserve our liquidity and financial flexibility and minimize the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, including borrowing under our senior revolving credit facility, delaying certain tax payments, and temporarily suspending our share repurchase activity. The COVID-19 pandemic has created unique and unprecedented challenges, and although it has impacted our membership and benefit expense, it did not have a material adverse effect on our reported results in 2020. However, this may change in the future as the COVID-19 pandemic is evolving, and the extent of its impact will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time. Our strategy has been, and will continue to be, to only participate in rating regions where we have an appropriate level of confidence that these markets are on a path toward sustainability, including factors such as expected financial performance, regulatory environment, and underlying market characteristics. We expect Ingeniorx to improve our ability to integrate pharmacy benefits within our medical and specialty platform. The increase in operating revenue was primarily driven by higher premium revenue in our government business segment, as well as increased pharmacy product revenue related to the launch of Ingeniorx. Our results of operations depend in large part on our ability to accurately predict and effectively manage healthcare costs through effective contracting with providers of care to our members, product pricing, medical management, and health and wellness programs. The potential effect of escalating healthcare costs, any changes in our ability to negotiate competitive rates with our providers, and any regulatory or market-driven restrictions on our ability to obtain adequate premium rates to offset overall inflation in healthcare costs may impose further risks to our ability to profitably underwrite our business. We will continue to monitor the COVID-19 pandemic and its impacts on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and medical cost trends. We believe that funds from future operating cash flows, cash, and investments will be sufficient for future operations and commitments, and for capital acquisitions and other strategic transactions. We have a shelf registration statement on file with the SEC to register an unlimited amount of any combination of debt or equity securities in one or more offerings. We regularly review the appropriate use of capital, including acquisitions, common stock and debt security repurchases, and dividends to shareholders. The declaration and payment of any dividends or repurchases of our common stock or debt is at the discretion of our board of directors and depends upon our financial condition, results of operations, future liquidity needs, regulatory and capital requirements, and other factors deemed relevant by our board of directors.