The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has prompted us to activate our business continuity plans globally with the goal of providing seamless operations throughout our facilities, ensuring that our IBX data centers remain staffed and fully operational. We have implemented precautionary measures to minimize the risk of operational impact and to protect the health and safety of our employees, customers, partners, and communities. These measures include an appointment-based system to control the timing and frequency of visits and encouraging customers to leverage our IBX technicians via smart hands, our remote operational support service, to restrict visits and minimize the number of people and time spent in our facilities. We have redundancies built into our supply chain of vendors, and we maintain a stock of critical items on-site to ensure repairs can be completed. To date, we have not observed any significant disruption to our IBX data center operations due to supply chain impacts from the pandemic. We continue to monitor available capacity in each of our selected markets, and to the extent we have limited capacity available in a given market, it may limit our ability for growth in that market. Our business model is built on a recurring revenue model comprised of colocation and related interconnection and managed infrastructure offerings, which are generally billed on a fixed and recurring basis each month for the duration of contracts. Our recurring revenues have comprised more than 90% of our total revenues during the past three years. We consider our strong customer base and relatively strong collections as critical to managing future impacts from the ongoing pandemic, which could include reductions in revenue and delays in payments from customers and partners. We expect to continue to evaluate our operating requirements and financial resources in light of future developments, including those relating to the pandemic. Our strategic initiatives include the continued expansion of our IBX data centers to support growing power and cooling requirements, which are driven by increasing customer demand. We have experienced some construction delays; however, to date, these delays and additional costs are insignificant relative to the overall project duration and budget. Our operational flexibility has allowed us to adapt to changing market conditions and customer needs, ensuring that we can maintain performance under pressure. The impact of the pandemic on our financial condition or results of operations remains uncertain and will depend on various factors, including the duration of the health crisis and further public policy actions. We are committed to monitoring our vendors and suppliers to evaluate any anticipated changes in equipment availability or delivery timetables. Our financial resources will allow us to manage potential impacts of the pandemic on our business operations for the foreseeable future, and we may pursue additional expansion opportunities, primarily the build-out of new IBX data centers, in existing markets that are at or near capacity.