Our gross profit, as a percentage of net sales, was 45.5% in 2020 and 47.2% in 2019. The gross profit percentage for 2020 decreased by 170 basis points based on three items. A decline in product margin for safety and other products reflects several trends. In the second quarter of 2020, in order to procure supplies, we utilized unfamiliar supply chains and prioritized speed of acquisition over efficiency, resulting in lower margins. In the third and fourth quarters of 2020, certain pandemic-related products became oversupplied, and profits on our inventory fell while other products were in such short supply that costs rose. We mitigated these effects as the year progressed, but did not eliminate them. A change in product mix also contributed to the decline. Fasteners are our largest and highest gross profit margin product line due to the high transaction cost surrounding the sourcing and supply of the product for customers. Our fastener product line declined to 29.9% of sales in 2020 from 34.2% of sales in 2019. Overhead and organizational expenses include the negative impact that reduced sales for certain product lines have on vendor rebates, clearance efforts to remove older and slower-moving inventory, and the deleverage of certain fixed and period costs related to cyclical weakness in our traditional manufacturing and construction markets. These three adverse variables were partly offset by a better cost profile for our captive fleet. We operate our own fleet of trucks for moving product between suppliers, our distribution centers, and our in-market locations. We believe this provides us a competitive advantage in terms of our ability to move product efficiently and quickly, but there is a cost to supporting and maintaining these assets. During periods of economic weakness, it can become more difficult to charge freight to offset these costs and/or the relatively stable cost profile of these assets could result in deleverage. We successfully mitigated these challenges in 2020 by reducing movement and labor costs. The ability to absorb strain and preserve functioning despite adversity was evident in our strategic responses to the environmental disruptions caused by the pandemic. Our operational flexibility and resource management strategies allowed us to navigate the complexities of supply chain disruptions and changing market demands, demonstrating our organizational resilience. We adapted to unexpected situations and reconfigured our operational practices to maintain performance under pressure, ensuring continuity in our service delivery and competitive positioning. The challenges presented by the pandemic underscored the importance of effective crisis management and the need for ongoing assessment of our operational capabilities to sustain organizational health and effectiveness.