The COVID-19 pandemic has impacted global economies, resulting in workforce and travel restrictions, supply chain and production disruptions, and reduced demand and spending across many sectors. In response to these challenges, we adopted operational and governance rhythms across the company to coordinate and oversee actions related to the pandemic, including maintaining business continuity and assessing financial and operating impacts. We executed more than $2 billion in operational cost reduction and more than $3 billion in cash preservation actions across the company to manage risk and proactively mitigate the financial impact from COVID-19. Each of GE's businesses is taking cost and cash actions to manage risk as supply and demand dynamics continue to shift. We continue to evaluate market conditions as they evolve and take precautionary measures to strengthen our financial position. The pandemic has had a material adverse effect on the global airline industry, resulting in reduced flight schedules, idle aircraft, workforce reductions, and declining financial performance within the airline industry. Our aviation segment has been significantly impacted, leading to decreased demand for higher-margin service revenues. Conversely, our healthcare segment experienced increased demand for certain products and services, including ventilators and monitoring solutions, partially offset by decreased demand in other areas. We continue to monitor the impacts of COVID-19 on our operations and financial performance, anticipating that many of these impacts will persist depending on the severity and duration of the pandemic. The ultimate impact of the pandemic on our operations and those of our customers and suppliers depends on many factors beyond our control, including governmental actions and the development of effective treatments or vaccines. We have taken actions to enhance and extend our liquidity, ending the year with $36.6 billion of consolidated cash and cash equivalents, in addition to available credit lines. Our ability to close transactions has been impacted by constrained customer budgets and access to financing due to economic slowdowns. We are focused on our underwriting discipline and risk management to ensure we secure deals that meet our financial hurdles. The power segment continues to right-size its business to better align with market demand and drive operational rigor and discipline focused on customer lifecycle experience. We are committed to investing in new product development and innovation to adapt to changing market conditions. Our renewable energy segment is experiencing a rapid transition, competing against existing and new conventional energy sources, and we are closely monitoring the impact of the pandemic on the renewable energy industry, including customer capital expenditure levels and supply chain availability. We have implemented additional cost reduction measures and restructuring actions in response to volume declines in certain businesses. Overall, we are taking actions to protect our ability to serve our customers and seek to emerge from this crisis stronger, driving long-term cash and profitable growth over time.