Our financial performance was strong in 2020, despite the global impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, which is a clear reflection of the solid underlying fundamentals of our business driven by the HIV franchise and the increased demand we saw for Veklury amid the COVID-19 pandemic. We continued to expand and strengthen our commercial portfolio and clinical pipeline across various therapeutic areas to drive future growth potential. The COVID-19 pandemic continues to impact our business and broader market dynamics. We expect a gradual recovery in underlying market dynamics starting the second quarter of 2021. Our strategic ambitions are to bring transformative therapies to patients, be the biotech employer and partner of choice, and deliver shareholder value in a sustainable and responsible manner. We continually review our R&D projects based on unmet medical need and, as necessary, reallocate resources among our internal R&D portfolio and external opportunities that we believe will best support the long-term growth of our business. The acquisition of Immunomedics will continue to contribute to our revenue growth in 2021. Our ability to deliver on our strategy and 2021 objectives is subject to uncertainties, including the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, which remains unpredictable; the continuation of an uncertain global macroeconomic environment; and our ability to realize the potential benefits of our acquisitions, collaborations, or licensing arrangements. We are committed to advancing innovative medicines to prevent and treat life-threatening diseases, including HIV, viral hepatitis, and cancer. We also expanded our oncology portfolio through licensing, strategic collaboration, as well as equity investments with our third-party collaboration partners. Our strategic priorities reflect how we will deliver those ambitions: expand internal and external innovation, strengthen portfolio strategy and decision-making, increase patient benefit and access, and continue to evolve our culture. We may in the future require additional funding, which could be in the form of proceeds from equity or debt financings. We believe our existing capital resources, supplemented by cash flows generated from our operations, will be adequate to satisfy our capital needs for the foreseeable future. We are required to comply with certain covenants under our notes indentures, and as of December 31, 2020, we were not in violation of any covenants. Our purpose is to deliver life-changing medications to patients in need through scientific breakthroughs, innovation, and strong operational execution. The increase in accounts receivables reflects increased sales driven by Veklury due to the COVID-19 surge in the fourth quarter of 2020. We are a party to various legal actions, and we recognize accruals for such actions to the extent that we conclude that a loss is both probable and reasonably estimable. We periodically reassess these matters when additional information becomes available and adjust our estimates and assumptions when facts and circumstances indicate the need for any changes. The expected timing and payment amounts presented in our contractual obligations are estimated based on existing contracts and do not reflect any future modifications to, or terminations of, existing contracts or anticipated or potential new contracts. We are committed to promoting racial equity and have launched initiatives to help mitigate the HIV epidemic in the southern United States. Our strategic response to the pandemic demonstrates our operational flexibility and adaptability in a highly dynamic and complex global environment.