The outbreak of the covid-19 coronavirus has led to adverse impacts on the U.S. and global economies and has impacted our supply chain, operations, and customer demand. Even though the company has taken measures to adapt to operating in this challenging environment, the pandemic could further affect our operations and the operations of our suppliers and vendors as a result of additional shut-downs or other governmental orders; restrictions and limitations on travel, logistics, and other business activities; potential product and labor shortages; limitations on store or facility operations up to and including closures; and other governmental, business, or consumer actions. As we adapted to operations in a covid-19 environment during fiscal 2020, we took a number of actions to promote social and physical distancing. At the beginning of the pandemic, we implemented a change to store operating hours, and we took measures to limit the number of customers in stores, which included canceling or modifying certain annual merchandising events and rolling out curbside pickup at our stores. We also shifted store support operations to remote or virtual. We have focused on taking care of our associates by investing in additional pay and benefits, including expanded paid time off for all hourly associates to use at their discretion and the implementation of a temporary weekly bonus program. To continue to support our associates, we have transitioned away from these temporary programs and have implemented permanent compensation enhancements for frontline, hourly associates beginning in the third quarter of fiscal 2020, totaling approximately $1 billion of expected incremental expense on an annualized basis. Collectively, the enhanced pay and benefits implemented in fiscal 2020 resulted in additional expense of approximately $2.0 billion in fiscal 2020. We believe our existing liquidity will be sufficient to continue to run our business effectively. We also believe that the investments we have made in recent years in our stores, interconnected and digital assets, associates, supply chain, and merchandising organization have allowed us to quickly adapt to shifts in customer needs and behaviors and the fluid circumstances created by the pandemic. We continue to actively monitor our business and operations and may take further actions as may be required by federal, state, or local authorities or that we determine are in the best interests of our associates, customers, suppliers, vendors, and shareholders. The increase in customer demand for certain products together with the impact of covid-19 on our supply chain has put pressure on our ability to maintain high in-stock levels, particularly for certain high-demand products. We have been able to mitigate some of the impact, however, due to the benefits from our strategic investments and by working cross-functionally and partnering with our suppliers to make real-time adjustments to our product assortments, introducing alternative products, or reducing assortments to the most popular selections in certain product categories. Given these ongoing demands and the complexity of the current environment, we have focused on taking care of our associates by investing in additional pay and benefits. We believe that our current cash position, access to the long-term debt capital markets, cash flow generated from operations, and funds available from our commercial paper programs should be sufficient not only for our operating requirements but also to enable us to complete our capital expenditure programs, fund dividend payments, fund any share repurchases, and make any required long-term debt payments through the next several fiscal years. We also intend to maintain an elevated cash position during fiscal 2021 to further enhance our strong liquidity position. In addition, we believe we have the ability to obtain alternative sources of financing, if necessary.