The company has a diversified business model across the healthcare industry with flexibility designed into its manufacturing, research and development clinical operations and commercial capabilities. The robust, active business continuity plans across the company's network have been instrumental in preparing the company for events like COVID-19, and the ability to meet the majority of patient and consumer needs remains uninterrupted. The company continues to leverage its global manufacturing footprint and dual-source capabilities while closely monitoring and maintaining critical inventory at major distribution centers away from high-risk areas to ensure adequate and effective distribution. The company's high-quality credit rating allows superior access to the financial capital markets for the foreseeable future. In the fiscal third quarter of 2020, the company issued approximately $5.0 billion of commercial paper for additional liquidity. The company has entered into a series of contract manufacturing arrangements for vaccine production with third-party contract manufacturing organizations, providing future supplemental commercial capacity for vaccine production and potentially transferable rights to such production if capacity is not required. The company remains committed to investing in research and development with the aim of delivering high-quality and innovative products. The development and maintenance of customer demand for the company's consumer products involve significant expenditures for advertising and promotion. Management's objectives are centered around blending heart, science, and ingenuity to profoundly change the trajectory of health for humanity, ensuring that the company can remain focused on addressing the unmet needs of society every day. The company is committed to creating value by developing accessible, high-quality, innovative products and services. Employees are empowered and inspired to lead with the company's credo and purpose as guides, allowing every employee to use the company's reach and size to advance its purpose and lead with agility and urgency. The company expects its supply chain actions to generate approximately $0.6 to $0.8 billion in annual pre-tax cost savings that will be substantially delivered by 2022, enhancing agility and driving growth. The company has assessed certain accounting matters that require consideration of forecasted financial information in the context of the unknown future impacts of COVID-19. The company has a long-standing policy of pricing products responsibly and strives to maintain profit margins through cost reduction programs, productivity improvements, and periodic price increases. The company continues to monitor economic conditions and take appropriate actions in response to significant challenges in certain countries. The company is aware that its products are used in an environment where policymakers, consumers, and businesses have expressed concerns about the rising cost of healthcare. The company has recorded accruals for various contingencies, including legal proceedings and product liability claims, as these arise in the normal course of business, reflecting its proactive measures in risk management. The company believes that the understanding of certain key accounting policies and estimates is essential in achieving more insight into its operating results and financial condition, which is crucial for maintaining organizational health and resilience.