The outbreak of COVID-19 continues to impact the United States and other countries throughout the world, causing disruptions to our business and adversely affecting our financial results. Economic and market conditions, including those caused by the pandemic, have substantial impacts on our financial condition and results of operations, affecting the values of the investments we make, our ability to exit these investments profitably, and our ability to raise capital from investors. Political uncertainty, geopolitical uncertainty, regulatory changes, and technological advancements may disrupt marketplaces and businesses, while further developments regarding COVID-19 could hinder the success of vaccines and the length of time needed to vaccinate a significant segment of the global population. Difficult market and economic conditions can adversely affect our business in many ways, including by reducing the value or performance of the investments that we manage or by reducing the ability of our funds to raise or deploy capital, which could negatively impact our net income and cash flow. 

Periods of volatility and dislocation in the capital markets raise substantial risks but can also present opportunities to invest at reduced valuations that position us for future growth and investment returns. Our ability to attract new capital and investors is driven by the extent to which they see the alternative asset management industry and our investment products as attractive vehicles for capital appreciation or income. Our ability to maintain and grow our revenue base depends on our ability to successfully deploy the capital available to us and participate in capital markets transactions. Challenging market and economic conditions may adversely affect our ability to exit and realize value from our investments, resulting in lower-than-expected returns. 

The strength and liquidity of the U.S. and relevant global equity markets generally affect the valuation of and our ability to successfully exit our equity positions in our private equity portfolio companies in a timely manner. We may also realize investments through strategic sales, but when financing is not available or becomes too costly, it may be more difficult to find a buyer that can successfully raise sufficient capital to purchase our investments. Our management of liquidity and capital requirements focuses on cash flows before the consolidation of our funds and collateralized financing entities, generating cash flow from operations, and funding capital commitments made to our funds. 

Our liquidity needs include cash required to support and grow our business lines, including seeding new strategies, funding capital commitments, servicing debt obligations, and underwriting commitments. We have access to funding under various credit facilities and other sources of liquidity, which we utilize to manage our obligations and support our investment activities. Our strategic initiatives may require netting across various funds, which could reduce the carried interest we earn. The ability to adapt to changing market conditions and effectively manage risks is critical for maintaining organizational resilience, ensuring operational continuity, and achieving our major objectives in a turbulent business environment.