We operate in an environment characterized by both complexity in global security and continuing economic pressures in the U.S. and globally. A significant component of our strategy in this environment is to focus on program execution, improving the quality and predictability of the delivery of our products and services, and placing security capability quickly into the hands of our U.S. and international customers at affordable prices. Recognizing that our customers are resource constrained, we are endeavoring to develop and extend our portfolio domestically in a disciplined manner with a focus on adjacent markets close to our core capabilities, as well as growing our international sales. The global outbreak of the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) has negatively affected the U.S. and global economies, disrupted global supply chains, and resulted in significant travel and transport restrictions. We have taken measures to protect the health and safety of our employees, work with our customers and suppliers to minimize disruptions, and support our community in addressing the challenges posed by this ongoing global pandemic. Despite these challenges, proactive efforts, especially with regard to the supply chain, helped to partially mitigate the disruptions caused by COVID-19 on our operations. We continue to proactively monitor our supply chain and have implemented multiple actions to help mitigate the effects of COVID-19, including accelerating payments to suppliers. We have identified a number of suppliers that have experienced delivery impacts due to COVID-19 and have been working to manage those impacts. Our work in production facilities and labs has continued throughout the pandemic, consistent with guidance from federal, state, and local officials to minimize the spread of COVID-19. We have taken actions to equip employees with personal protective equipment, establish minimum staffing and social distancing policies, sanitize workspaces more frequently, adopt alternate work schedules, and institute other measures aimed to sustain production and related services while minimizing the transmission of COVID-19. The pandemic has presented unprecedented business challenges, and we have experienced impacts in each of our business areas related to COVID-19, primarily in increased coronavirus-related costs, delays in supplier deliveries, impacts of travel restrictions, site access and quarantine requirements, and the impacts of remote work and adjusted work schedules. We have implemented a flexible teleworking policy for employees who can meet our customer commitments remotely, and a significant portion of our workforce is currently teleworking. It remains uncertain when and on what scale teleworking employees will return to work in person. We are continuing to work with our customers, employees, suppliers, and communities to address the impacts of COVID-19 and to take actions in an effort to mitigate adverse consequences. We expect to continue to innovate and invest in technologies to fulfill new mission requirements for our customers, including through acquisitions, and invest in our people so that we have the technical skills necessary to succeed. Our strategic initiatives include focusing on affordability, operational flexibility, and the development of new capabilities to address evolving customer needs and external pressures. We continuously strive to strengthen our portfolio of products and services to meet the current and future needs of our customers.