During the COVID-19 pandemic, we leveraged our improved operating capabilities to quickly respond to the global health crisis and meet customer demands. We implemented a number of initiatives to facilitate a safer store environment throughout the year, including enhancing cleaning procedures and adopting a requirement for all front-line associates to wear masks. Our company has been committed to protecting the health and safety of our associates and customers through a safe store environment and shopping experience. We rapidly re-prioritized our objectives to address the impacts of COVID-19, which included providing support for our community, including healthcare providers and first responders. We believe our total home strategy will enhance customer engagement and grow market share by intensifying our focus on the pro customer, expanding our online business, modernizing installation services, improving localization efforts, and elevating our product assortment. In 2020, we experienced unprecedented customer demand as the consumer mindset turned its focus to the function and enjoyment of their home. The increase in total sales was driven by an increase in comparable sales, primarily offset by a decrease in sales due to closed stores. We rapidly rolled out curbside pickup and launched mobile check-in for curbside pickup along with an internal order picking app to improve associates' speed and accuracy in fulfilling orders. We completed the re-platforming of lowes.com to the cloud which greatly improved site stability and functionality allowing us to achieve triple-digit online sales growth for the year. We incurred approximately $260 million of incremental expense in 2020 related to our U.S. stores reset, which aimed to provide a faster shopping experience and increase localized product assortments. Our focus on gaining market share with the pro customer included launching a new pro customer relationship management tool to manage, grow, and retain our pro customers through consistent and data-driven selling actions. We believe that our sources of liquidity will continue to be adequate to fund our operations and investments to grow our business, repay our debt as it becomes due, pay dividends, and fund our share repurchases over the next 12 months. The increase in net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended January 29, 2021, was due primarily to higher net earnings and changes in working capital. Our capital expenditures generally consist of investments in our strategic initiatives to enhance our ability to serve customers, improve existing stores, and support expansion plans. We expect to continue to have access to the capital markets on both short-term and long-term bases when needed for liquidity purposes by issuing commercial paper or new long-term debt. Our strategic initiatives aimed at improving customers' experience and driving improved performance in the near and long term reflect our commitment to organizational resilience. We believe we have the flexibility to manage and adapt our business in a dynamic economic environment.