The coronavirus ("COVID-19") pandemic has spread rapidly across the globe and has had significant negative effects on the global economy, affecting business activity and adversely impacting consumers, customers, suppliers, business partners, and the workforce. We continue to monitor the effects of the pandemic and actions taken by governments as they relate to travel restrictions, social distancing measures, and restrictions on business operations, as well as the continued impact of these actions on consumers and businesses. The extent to which current measures are removed or new measures are put in place will depend upon how the pandemic evolves, as well as the progress of the global roll-out of vaccines. The COVID-19 outbreak affected our 2020 performance, during which we noted unfavorable trends compared to historical periods. Gross dollar volumes were flat in 2020 as compared to 2019, recovering gradually in the second half of the year from a decline during the second quarter in part due to the global relaxation of both restrictions on business operations and social distancing measures. Cross-border volumes were negatively impacted by the pandemic during 2020 due to a significant decrease in global travel as a result of compliance with travel restrictions and quarantine requirements. While cross-border volumes are still lower compared to prior year periods, these volumes have improved throughout the second half of 2020. Switched transactions were negatively impacted by the pandemic primarily in the second quarter; subsequently, switched transactions improved during the third quarter in part due to the global relaxation of both restrictions on business operations and social distancing measures. The full extent to which the pandemic, and measures taken in response, affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition will depend on future developments, including the duration of the pandemic and its impact on the global economy, which are uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time. We believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents, and investment securities balances, our cash flow generating capabilities, and our access to capital resources are sufficient to satisfy our future operating cash needs, capital asset purchases, outstanding commitments, and other liquidity requirements associated with our existing operations and potential obligations. Our liquidity and access to capital could be negatively impacted by global credit market conditions. We guarantee the settlement of many of the transactions between our customers. Historically, payments under these guarantees have not been significant; however, historical trends may not be an indication of potential future losses. The risk of loss on these guarantees is specific to individual customers but may also be driven by regional or global economic conditions, including, but not limited to, the health of the financial institutions in a country or region. Our liquidity and access to capital could also be negatively impacted by the outcome of any of the legal or regulatory proceedings to which we are a party. We rely on existing liquidity, cash generated from operations, and access to capital to fund our global operations, credit and settlement exposure, capital expenditures, investments in our business, and current and potential obligations. The components of net revenue were as follows: domestic assessments, transaction processing, and other revenues, which include impacts from cyber and intelligence fees, data analytics, and consulting fees and other payment-related products and services. We have completed the acquisitions of businesses for total consideration of $1.1 billion and repurchased 14.3 million shares of our common stock for $4.5 billion. The impact of currency translation represents the effect of translating operating results where the functional currency is different than our U.S. dollar reporting currency. Changes in currency exchange rates directly impact the calculation of gross dollar volume and gross euro volume, which are used in the calculation of our domestic assessments, cross-border volume fees, and certain volume-related rebates and incentives.