The COVID-19 pandemic has led to adverse impacts on the U.S. and global economies and continues to create economic uncertainty. Altria continues to monitor the macroeconomic risks of the COVID-19 pandemic and carefully evaluate potential outcomes and work to mitigate risks. Altria remains focused on any potential impact to its liquidity, operations, supply and distribution chains, and on economic conditions. Despite some volatility in the commercial paper market in March 2020, Altria was able to build and maintain a higher cash balance than normal to preserve its financial flexibility. Altria has implemented remote working for many employees and aligned with the social distancing protocols recommended by public health authorities. Altria believes its tobacco businesses have not experienced any material adverse effects associated with governmental actions to restrict consumer movement or business operations but continues to monitor these factors. Altria continues to believe that remote working due to the COVID-19 pandemic has had minimal impact on productivity. Altria's critical information technology systems have remained operational. Although Altria's tobacco businesses previously suspended operations temporarily at several of their manufacturing facilities in March 2020, the businesses resumed operations at those facilities under enhanced safety protocols in April 2020, and all manufacturing facilities are currently operational under enhanced safety protocols. Altria continues to monitor the risks associated with facility disruptions and workforce availability as a result of uncertainty related to the COVID-19 pandemic. Altria's suppliers and those within its distribution chain are also subject to government actions that may require the closure of a facility and remote working protocols. Altria continues to monitor the risk that one or more suppliers, distributors, or any other entities within its supply and distribution chain closes temporarily or permanently. Altria incurred net pre-tax charges of $50 million, which were directly related to disruptions caused by or efforts to mitigate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. These costs included premium pay, personal protective equipment, and health screenings. Altria continues to monitor the macroeconomic risks of the COVID-19 pandemic and their effect on adult tobacco consumers, including stay-at-home practices and disposable income. Altria also continues to monitor adult tobacco consumers' purchasing behaviors, including overall tobacco product expenditures and the mix between premium and discount brand purchases. While Altria's tobacco businesses have not been materially impacted to date by the COVID-19 pandemic, Altria has experienced adverse impacts to its alcohol assets. The wine business recorded pre-tax charges of $411 million consisting primarily of the write-off of inventory and estimated losses on future non-cancelable grape purchase commitments. Altria and its wine business undertook a review resulting in a strategic reset. Altria will continue to monitor the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on its investments, including the impact on sales, distribution, operations, supply chain, and liquidity. Altria has considered the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the business of Juul and Cronos, including their sales, distribution, operations, supply chain, and liquidity. Altria will continue to monitor its investments in these businesses, including the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on their market valuation.