The COVID-19 pandemic has created significant global economic uncertainty, adversely impacting the business of our customers, partners, and vendors, and consequently affecting our business and results of operations. We are continuing to monitor the actual and potential effects of the COVID-19 pandemic across our business. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we focused on maintaining business continuity, helping our employees, customers, and communities, and preparing for the future and the long-term success of our business. We released four emergency response applications to help customers navigate the COVID-19 pandemic management and the safe workplace applications, designed to help companies manage essential steps for returning employees to the workplace and to support their health and safety. Additionally, we canceled our in-person annual knowledge user conference and replaced it with a digital event experience. The changes we have implemented have not affected and are not expected to affect our ability to maintain operations, including financial reporting systems, internal control over financial reporting, and disclosure controls and procedures. The extent and continued impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operational and financial performance will depend on developments such as the duration and spread of the outbreak, government responses, and the impact on our customers and sales cycles. As the uncertainty continues, we may experience an increase in curtailed customer demand, reduced customer spend or contract duration, delayed collections, and lengthened sales cycles, which could materially adversely affect our business and overall financial performance in future periods. Our subscription-based business model allows for relatively predictable revenues, but the effects of the pandemic may not be fully reflected in our results of operations and overall financial performance until future periods. We continue to invest in the development of our services, infrastructure, and sales and marketing to drive long-term growth. Our professional services organization is focused on strategic advisory, implementation, and consulting services to accelerate platform adoption and drive customer outcomes. We expect subscription revenues to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to add new customers and existing customers increase their usage of our products. However, we remain cautious about the potential impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on customer acquisition and renewal rates. We have historically seen higher collections in the quarter ended March 31 due to seasonality in the timing of entering into customer contracts, which is significantly higher with new customers and expansion with existing customers in the quarter ended December 31. Our renewal rate was 98% for each of the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018. We expect our cost of subscription revenues to increase in absolute dollars as we provide subscription services to more customers and increase usage within our customer instances. We expect our professional services and other gross loss percentage to increase for the year ending December 31, 2021, as we expect utilization of our internal professional services organization to stabilize, resulting in additional support costs for business growth. Amid the ongoing regulatory restrictions imposed by governments worldwide in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we temporarily closed most of our offices to ensure the well-being and safety of our global employees, office staff, and communities, and encouraged our employees to work remotely and limit travel. We expect sales and marketing expenses for the year ending December 31, 2021, to increase in absolute dollars but remain relatively flat as a percentage of revenue compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, as we continue to expand our direct sales organization and increase our marketing activities.