We begin management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations with an overview of our businesses and significant trends. Our products and services include applications and infrastructure offerings that are delivered worldwide through a variety of flexible and interoperable IT deployment models. We offer choice and flexibility to our customers and facilitate the product, service, and deployment combinations that best suit their needs. The impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on Oracle's business have created significant risks and challenges, which have necessitated a focus on business continuity and adaptability. Our cloud and license business, which represented a substantial portion of our total revenues, has been affected by many factors including the strength of general economic and business conditions and governmental budgetary constraints. We expect these trends to continue, and we believe these factors should contribute to future growth in our cloud and license business' revenues, enabling us to continue to make investments in research and development to develop and improve our cloud and license products and services. The historical upward trend of our cloud and license business' revenues is primarily due to the addition of new cloud services and license support contracts to the customer contract base that we generally recognize as revenues ratably. Our services business helps customers and partners maximize the performance of their investments in Oracle applications and infrastructure technologies, which reflects our focus on operational flexibility and strategic initiatives to enhance organizational effectiveness. Our selective and active acquisition program is another important element of our corporate strategy, enabling us to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform ourselves to emerge stronger from challenging situations. We believe that we can fund our future acquisitions with our internally available cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, cash generated from operations, additional borrowings, or from the issuance of additional securities. Our management has reviewed our critical accounting policies and related disclosures, which include significant estimates and assumptions that can affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as well as revenues and expenses. We continue to invest significantly in our research and development efforts because they are essential to maintaining our competitive position. The majority of our hardware products are sold through indirect channels, and our hardware business' revenues are generated from the sales of our Oracle engineered systems and related support services. The economic effects caused by COVID-19 have adversely impacted our revenues, particularly in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, highlighting the need for crisis management and operational continuity. Our restructuring expenses, which are aimed at improving our cost structure and operations, reflect our proactive measures to adapt to changing market conditions. We believe that our current cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, along with cash generated from operations, will be sufficient to meet our working capital, capital expenditures, and contractual obligation requirements. The adjustments to our estimates and assumptions regarding uncertain tax positions and legal contingencies demonstrate our commitment to maintaining organizational health and resilience in the face of external pressures and uncertainties.