Our business and strategy most of our revenues come from the manufacture and sale of biopharmaceutical products. We have undertaken efforts to ensure our cost base aligns appropriately with our revenue base. We are taking steps to restructure our corporate enabling functions to appropriately support and drive the purpose of our focused innovative biopharmaceutical products business and R&D and PGS platform functions. We believe we have a strong pipeline and are well-positioned for future growth. R&D is at the heart of fulfilling our purpose to deliver breakthroughs that change patients' lives as we work to translate advanced science and technologies into the therapies that may be the most impactful for patients. Innovation, drug discovery, and development are critical to our success. We seek to leverage a strong pipeline, organize around expected operational growth drivers, and capitalize on trends creating long-term growth opportunities. We are committed to strategically capitalizing on growth opportunities by advancing our own product pipeline and maximizing the value of our existing products, as well as through various business development activities. We assess our business, assets, and scientific capabilities/portfolio as part of our regular, ongoing portfolio review process and also continue to consider business development activities that will advance our business. The continuation of the COVID-19 pandemic has impacted our business, operations, and financial condition and results. We are focused on all aspects of our business and are implementing measures aimed at mitigating issues where possible, including by using digital technology to assist in operations for our commercial, manufacturing, R&D, and enabling functions globally. Our business and operations have been impacted by the pandemic in various ways. We have adapted our promotional platform by amplifying our existing digital capabilities to reach healthcare professionals and customers to provide critical education and information, including increasing the scale of our remote engagement. We have not seen a significant disruption to our supply chain to date, and all of our manufacturing sites globally have continued to operate at or near normal levels. We are committed to confronting the public health challenge posed by the pandemic by collaborating with industry partners and academic institutions to develop potential approaches to prevent and treat COVID-19. We are unable to accurately predict the extent of the impact of the pandemic on our business, operations, and financial condition and results due to the uncertainty of future developments. We believe the ultimate impact on our business, operations, and financial condition and results will be affected by the speed and extent of the continued spread of the coronavirus globally; the emergence of additional virus variants; the duration of the pandemic; new information regarding the severity and incidence of COVID-19; the safety, efficacy, and availability of vaccines and treatments for COVID-19; the rate at which the population becomes vaccinated against COVID-19; the global macroeconomic impact of the pandemic and governmental or regulatory actions to contain the virus or control supply of medicines. We will continue to pursue efforts to maintain the continuity of our operations while monitoring for new developments related to the pandemic. Future developments could result in additional favorable or unfavorable impacts on our business, operations, or financial condition and results. If we experience significant disruption in our manufacturing or supply chains or significant disruptions in clinical trials or other operations, or if demand for our products is significantly reduced as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we could experience a material adverse impact on our business, operations, and financial condition and results.