The rapid, global spread of COVID-19 has negatively impacted consumer demand for certain devices that incorporate our products and intellectual property, which negatively impacted our business and results of operations in fiscal 2020. The impact of COVID-19 on our ability to fulfill customer orders has been minimal. Workforce changes that we implemented in the second quarter of fiscal 2020 remained in effect throughout fiscal 2020. The degree to which the COVID-19 pandemic impacts our business, financial condition and results of operations will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain. We expect the pandemic will continue to have a negative impact on QTL and QCT revenues in the near term based on a reduction in consumer demand for smartphones and other products. We have not experienced, and we currently do not anticipate a material adverse impact on our ability, or our suppliers' ability, to manufacture and test our products or on our ability to provide our products to our customers. We believe it is important that we remain a leader in 5G technology development, standardization, intellectual property creation and licensing of 5G technologies, and to be a leading developer and supplier of 5G integrated circuit products in order to sustain and grow our business long term. Looking forward, we expect QCT revenues to be impacted by seasonal trends related to product launch timing for sales made to Apple under our multi-year chipset supply agreement. We expect increased demand in the December quarter from certain Chinese OEMs as they position to gain device share, particularly in China. Since it will take time for us to adapt our supply chain process, we do not expect to realize the full benefit from this increased demand from OEMs. We expect continued intense competition, particularly in China, as our competitors expand their product offerings and/or reduce the prices of their products as part of a strategy to attract new and/or retain existing customers. Current U.S./China trade relations and/or national security protection policies may negatively impact our business, growth prospects and results of operations. We continue to devote resources to working with and educating participants in the wireless value chain and governments as to the benefits of our licensing program and our extensive technology investments in promoting a highly competitive and innovative wireless industry. However, we expect that certain companies may continue to be dissatisfied with the need to pay reasonable royalties for the use of our technology and not welcome the success of our licensing program in enabling new, highly cost-effective competitors to their products. The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in significant economic uncertainty and has led to a global recession. We expect our research and development costs will increase in the near-term primarily due to increased investment towards advancements in 5G and application processor technologies and certain other long-term initiatives, as well as an increase in share-based compensation expense. The increase in impairment losses in fiscal 2020 was due in part to the impact COVID-19 had on certain of our investees. We continually assess the likelihood and amount of potential adjustments and adjust the income tax provision, income taxes payable and deferred taxes in the period in which the facts give rise to a revision become known. We believe that adequate amounts have been reserved based on facts known. However, the final determination of tax audits and any related legal proceedings could materially differ from amounts reflected in our income tax provision and the related accruals. We expect our business to be impacted by various key items, including the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, regulatory investigations, and competition, which could have material adverse effects on our organizational resilience and operational continuity.