Our operations include original equipment manufacturer (OEM) and extensive related aftermarket parts and services related to our aerospace operations. The pandemic has negatively affected the U.S. and global economy, disrupted global supply chains and financial markets, and resulted in significant travel restrictions, mandated facility closures, and social distancing orders. We have taken all prudent measures to protect the health and safety of our employees, such as practicing social distancing and enabling our employees to work from home where possible. We have also taken appropriate actions to help support our communities in addressing the challenges posed by the pandemic. Our business and operations have been significantly impacted by public and private sector policies and initiatives to address the transmission of COVID-19, such as the imposition of travel restrictions and the adoption of remote working. We have been actively mitigating costs and adjusting production schedules to accommodate declines in demand, including cutting discretionary spending, significantly reducing capital expenditures, and implementing temporary pay reductions. We are continuously evaluating our cost structure and have implemented restructuring actions in an effort to keep our cost structure competitive. The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in a significant decline in revenues at our Collins Aerospace and Pratt & Whitney businesses due to a decline in flight hours, aircraft fleet utilization, shop visits, and commercial OEM deliveries. We have observed several airline customer bankruptcies, delays, and cancellations of aircraft purchases, which further reduced our future sales and cash flows expectations. We expect recurring pre-tax savings in continuing operations related to restructuring actions to reach approximately $1.1 billion annually within one to two years. We have significant exposure related to our airline and airframer customers, including significant accounts receivable and contract assets balances. Given the uncertainty related to the severity and length of the pandemic, we may be required to record additional charges or impairments in future periods. Our expectations regarding the COVID-19 pandemic and its potential financial impact are based on available information and assumptions that we believe are reasonable at this time; however, the actual financial impact is highly uncertain and subject to a wide range of factors and future developments. We believe that the long-term outlook for the aerospace industry remains positive due to the fundamental drivers of air travel demand, but there is significant uncertainty regarding when commercial air traffic levels will begin to recover. We have been and continue to actively mitigate costs and adjust production schedules to accommodate these declines in demand. The deterioration in general economic and market conditions primarily due to the COVID-19 pandemic has required an impairment evaluation of goodwill, intangible assets, and other assets in our commercial aerospace businesses. We have also recorded total restructuring charges primarily related to personnel reductions to preserve capital and at our corporate headquarters due to consolidation from the Raytheon merger. We have implemented strategic initiatives to enhance operational flexibility and resilience in response to external pressures and disruptions.