Starbucks results for fiscal 2020 reflect the challenges our business faced with the COVID-19 pandemic, which severely impacted our results, particularly during the second and third fiscal quarters. We gradually reopened our stores and have seen sequential improvements in comparable store sales in both our Americas and international segments, reflecting the resilience of our business model and the strength of our brand. Throughout the second half of fiscal 2020, we experienced initial business recovery as our stores gradually reopened under modified operations to meet public health guidelines and evolving customer behaviors and expectations. Our global business is recovering steadily, with China approaching comparable store sales recovery and the U.S. demonstrating continued upward momentum in sales and profitability. To support our international licensees in their recovery efforts, we extended more flexible development and financial terms, including waiving royalty payments during the fiscal third quarter. We continue to invest in technologies and innovations to elevate the customer and partner experience and to drive long-term growth. By reimagining our store formats, we are moving swiftly to adapt to new customer behaviors. Absent significant COVID-19 relapses or global economic disruptions, and based on the current trend of our retail business recovery and our focused efforts to expand contactless customer experiences, digital capabilities, and beverage innovation, we believe we are well positioned to regain the positive business momentum we had demonstrated prior to the pandemic. The incremental wages incurred to protect the health and welfare of our partners were partially offset by qualified tax credits provided by the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act and the Canada Emergency Wage Subsidy. We announced a plan to optimize our North America store portfolio by blending store formats to better cater to changing customer tastes and preferences. This reflects our strategic initiatives to enhance operational flexibility and adaptability in response to external pressures. We expect total future restructuring costs, which are attributable to our Americas segment, to range from approximately $260 million to $400 million. Our estimates of future restructuring costs are based on actual costs incurred for recently closed stores of similar profile under the restructuring plans. Given the substantial reduction in our revenues and cash flows as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we identified triggering events that required us to assess the need for potential impairment charges for a larger number of company-operated stores in fiscal 2020 than in prior years. The magnitude of these charges was not particularly sensitive to variations in fair value inputs, as the majority of charges recorded were the result of full impairments of stores identified for closure. Excluding stores in areas impacted by our restructuring plans, our company-operated store portfolio is projecting a return to pre-COVID-19 levels of operations and cash flow recoverability within the next 12 months. We believe that net future cash flows generated from operations and existing cash and investments combined with our ability to leverage our balance sheet through the issuance of debt will be sufficient to finance capital requirements for our core businesses as well as shareholder distributions for the foreseeable future.