Beginning in early 2020, extraordinary and wide-ranging actions have been taken by international, federal, state, and local public health and governmental authorities to contain and combat the outbreak and spread of a novel strain of coronavirus (COVID-19). These actions have included quarantines, physical distancing, face coverings, restrictions on public gatherings, stay-at-home orders, travel restrictions, and mandatory business closures that have substantially restricted individuals' daily activities and curtailed or ceased many businesses' normal operations. We have worked with government and health authorities to continue to operate our business during this crisis, including our company-operated stores, manufacturing plants, and other facilities, due to the essential nature of our products. We have endeavored to follow recommended actions of government authorities and health officials to protect the health and well-being of our employees, customers, and their families worldwide by implementing online and phone ordering of products, using curbside pickup or delivery, and implementing remote, alternate, and flexible work arrangements where possible. We will continue to work with government authorities and health officials in implementing appropriate safety measures, adapting as recommendations and safety protocols evolve so that we may maintain our operations and keep our stores open. The COVID-19 pandemic did not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial results for 2020. We have a strong liquidity position, with $226.6 million in cash and $3.500 billion of unused capacity under our credit facilities at December 31, 2020. The company is in compliance with bank covenants and expects to remain in compliance. During the first half of the year, we took actions to preserve liquidity and generate cash flow during the crisis. As the circumstances around the COVID-19 pandemic remain fluid, we continue to actively monitor the pandemic's impact on the company worldwide, including our financial position, liquidity, results of operations, and cash flow, while managing our response to the crisis through collaboration with employees, customers, suppliers, government authorities, health officials, and other business partners. The company generated EBITDA of $3.441 billion, reflecting strong operational management and adaptability in response to the challenges posed by the pandemic. The company expects to invest a minimum of $600 million of capital expenditures to build both a new headquarters and R&D center, demonstrating a commitment to future planning and strategic initiatives aimed at enhancing operational capabilities. The company has sufficient total available borrowing capacity to fund its current operating needs, which supports resilience in the face of economic uncertainty. The company's financial condition, liquidity, and cash flow continued to be strong in 2020, as net operating cash increased to a record $3.409 billion primarily due to improved operating results. The company has implemented various programs designed to protect the environment and promote continued compliance, indicating a proactive approach to risk management and sustainability. Management believes that the company conducts its operations in compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations, which reflects an understanding of the pressures and constraints imposed by external factors. The company continuously assesses its potential liability for investigation and remediation-related activities and adjusts its environmental-related accruals as information becomes available, demonstrating a commitment to organizational health and resilience.