The COVID-19 pandemic continues to evolve and the ultimate impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows remains uncertain. The temporary deferral of care experienced in 2020 may cause care patterns to moderately exceed normal baselines in future periods as utilization of health system capacity continues to increase. The impact of COVID-19 on our care provider and payer clients could impact the volume and types of services Optum provides, as well as the pacing of potential new business opportunities. We expanded benefit coverage in areas such as COVID-19 care and testing, telemedicine, and pharmacy benefits; provided customers assistance in the form of co-pay waivers and premium forgiveness; offered additional enrollment opportunities to those who previously declined employer-sponsored offerings; extended certain premium payment terms for customers experiencing financial hardship; simplified administrative practices; and accelerated payments to care providers, all with the aim of assisting our customers, care providers, members and communities in addressing the COVID-19 crisis. The uncertain impact of COVID-19 may impact our ability to estimate medical costs payable, which could result in increased variability to medical cost reserve development in future periods. The health care market continues to change based on demographic shifts, new regulations, political forces and both payer and patient expectations. Health plans and care providers are being called upon to work together to close gaps in care and improve overall care quality, improve the health of populations and reduce costs. We continue to see a greater number of people enrolled in plans with underlying performance-based care provider payment models rewarding high-quality, affordable care and foster collaboration. We work together with clinicians to leverage our data and analytics to provide the necessary information to close gaps in care and improve overall health outcomes for patients. The ongoing Medicare Advantage funding pressure places continued importance on effective medical management and ongoing improvements in administrative efficiency. We continue to take a prudent, market-sustainable posture for both new business and maintenance of existing relationships. We expect the cash required to meet our long-term obligations to be primarily generated through future cash flows from operations. However, we also have the ability to generate cash to satisfy both our current and long-term requirements through the issuance of commercial paper, issuance of long-term debt, or drawing under our committed credit facilities or the ability to sell investments. Our liquidity and financial position are managed in the context of our overall business strategy. We continually forecast and manage our cash, investments, working capital balances and capital structure to meet the short-term and long-term obligations of our businesses while seeking to maintain liquidity and financial flexibility. The uncertain impact of COVID-19 may impact our ability to estimate medical costs payable, which could result in increased variability to medical cost reserve development in future periods. Our regulated subsidiaries generate significant cash flows from operations and are subject to, among other things, minimal levels of statutory capital, as defined by their respective jurisdiction, and restrictions on the timing and amount of dividends paid to their parent companies. We believe our capital resources are sufficient to meet future, short-term and long-term, liquidity needs. The ultimate overall impact is uncertain and dependent on the future pacing and intensity of the pandemic, the duration of policies and initiatives to address COVID-19, and general economic uncertainty.