The pandemic caused a dramatic slowdown of the economy as government intervention forced closures and changed individual behaviors, and businesses transformed their operations to protect the health and safety of their employees, customers, and communities. The varying levels of mitigation across different industries had a significant impact on the demand to ship freight in certain market segments. We have and are continuing to adapt to protect the safety of our employees, our customers, and the communities we serve. Enhanced safety procedures were implemented across the system, including new procedures and policies based on Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) guidelines. We remained focused on identifying and managing risks and training our employees as their work environment changes. While the pandemic resulted in significant swings in volume, we were able to adjust our demand-driven resources to reflect these fluctuations with minimal disruptions to our customers. Our operational transformation produced an all-time record operating ratio, improving from the previous year, demonstrating our ability to maintain performance under pressure. We expect uncertainties with COVID-19 and the economy to continue, which could result in customer disruptions or an elongated recovery period. We will continue to transform our railroad to further increase reliability of our service product, reduce variability in network operations, and improve resource utilization. Our capital plan includes investments intended to support growth and improve productivity and operational efficiency. We are continually evaluating the impact of COVID-19 on our financial condition and liquidity, analyzing a wide range of economic scenarios to inform our liquidity plans. Despite the pandemic, we generated significant cash from operating activities, indicating our resilience in maintaining operational continuity. Our focus will be on what we can manage, such as increasing productivity; seeking new business opportunities; protecting our employees, customers, and communities; and providing excellent service to our customers. We will continue using a multi-faceted approach to safety utilizing technology, risk assessments, training, employee engagement, quality control, and targeted capital investments. We will continue our efforts to utilize data to identify and mitigate risk, detect rail defects, and improve or close crossings. Our operational capabilities were enhanced through structural changes to improve performance and efficiency, indicating our adaptability to changing conditions. We expect to generate strong cash from operating activities along with maintaining our dividend and share repurchase program, reflecting our commitment to organizational health and resilience. The implementation of our new transportation plan has generated capacity, and we will continue to harden our infrastructure, replace older assets, and improve the safety and resilience of the network. Our assessments of market conditions and other pertinent factors guide our strategic initiatives, ensuring we remain agile and responsive to external pressures and disruptions.