During 2020, we began implementing our customer first, people led, innovation driven strategy, as we seek to transform nearly every aspect of our business, improve our financial performance, provide the best customer experience and benefit our shareowners. Unexpected business shutdowns and government restrictions implemented in many countries in response to the COVID-19 pandemic have significantly impacted the mix of demand for our services. We believe that the market shift towards e-commerce will persist, with a continuing high level of residential deliveries that may continue to increase demand, but also drive higher operating costs. The pandemic also resulted in a reduction in global air cargo capacity, which caused market rates in the industry to increase and we experienced increased demand for our services. We expect this divestiture to result in an improvement to our operating margin and return on invested capital. We believe that we are well positioned for long-term growth; however, we cannot reasonably estimate the duration or severity of the COVID-19 pandemic or the timing and extent of the anticipated economic recovery, and the resulting impacts on our business results or liquidity. The increase in residential delivery volume drove increases in headcount, delivery stops per day, average daily miles driven, and average daily union labor hours, all of which increased expense and compressed operating margins. We also experienced growth in demand for our healthcare logistics and distribution solutions, partly driven by the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. The overall increase in expense was driven by several factors, including employee compensation and benefit costs, which increased largely due to residential volume growth that negatively impacted our delivery density. We incurred higher third-party transportation costs driven by increased surepost volume and utilization of outside carriers as part of our improvements to time-in-transit within our U.S. ground network. We believe that the COVID-19 pandemic has accelerated a change in consumer behavior, speeding up what we believe will be a long-term market shift towards e-commerce. The transformation strategy costs and other asset impairment charges reflect the need to adapt to these changing conditions. We recognize that our ability to absorb strain and preserve or improve functioning despite the presence of adversity is critical for maintaining operational continuity. Our operations have demonstrated resilience through the ability to reconfigure and adapt to unexpected situations, ensuring that we can continue to meet customer needs while managing resource constraints. The ongoing investments in our ground network and digital access program are part of our strategic initiatives aimed at enhancing operational flexibility and organizational effectiveness. As we navigate these turbulent markets, our focus remains on sustaining performance under pressure and ensuring that we can respond effectively to external disturbances. The anticipated divestiture of our UPS Freight business is expected to allow us to concentrate on core operations that drive the greatest value, thereby enhancing our overall organizational resilience.