item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with "selected financial data" and our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto which appear elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. this discussion may contain forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties. our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth under the caption "risk factors" or in other parts of this annual report on form 10-k.
overview we are a leading designer, developer and global supplier of a broad range of semiconductor devices with a focus on analog iii-v based products and complex digital and mixed signal complementary metal oxide semiconductor based devices. we have a history of innovation and offer thousands of products that are used in end products such as smartphones, enterprise servers and storage systems, hard disk drives, solid state drives, data networking and telecommunications equipment, factory automation, industrial equipment and consumer appliances. we have four reportable segments: wireless communications, enterprise storage, wired infrastructure and industrial & other, which align with our target markets. we differentiate ourselves through our high performance design and integration capabilities and focus on developing products for target markets where we believe we can earn attractive margins.
original equipment manufacturers, or oems, or their contract manufacturers, and distributors typically account for the substantial majority of our sales. we have established strong relationships with leading oem customers across multiple target markets and we have a direct sales force focused on supporting large oems. we also distribute a substantial portion of our products through our broad distribution network, and a significant amount of these sales are to large global electronic components distributors, including avnet, inc. and arrow electronics, inc. we have a diversified and well-established base of thousands of end customers, located throughout the world, which we serve through our multi-channel sales and fulfillment system.
the demand for our products has been affected in the past, and is likely to continue to be affected in the future, by various factors, including the following:
•   general economic and market conditions in the semiconductor industry and in our target markets;
•   our ability to define specifications for, develop or acquire, complete, introduce and market, new products and technologies in a cost-effective and timely manner;
•   the timing, rescheduling or cancellation of expected customer orders and our ability to manage inventory;
•   the rate at which our present and future customers and end-users adopt our products and technologies in our target markets, and the rate at which our customers' products that include our technology are accepted in their markets; and
•   the qualification, availability and pricing of competing products and technologies and the resulting effects on sales and pricing of our products.
current uncertainty in global economic conditions, including the economic recovery in the united states and the level of growth in china, still poses significant risks to our business. for example, customers may defer purchases in response to tighter credit and negative financial news, which would in turn negatively affect product demand and our results of operations.
net revenue substantially all of our net revenue is derived from sales of semiconductor devices that our customers incorporate into electronic products. our four reportable segments are wireless communications, enterprise storage, wired infrastructure and industrial & other, which align with our target markets. applications for our products in these segments include smartphones, enterprise servers and storage systems, hard disk drives, or hdds, solid state drives, or ssds, data networking and telecommunications equipment, factory automation, industrial equipment and consumer appliances. the percentage of total net revenue generated by sales in each of our segments varies from fiscal quarter to quarter, due largely to fluctuations in end-market demand, including the effects of seasonality. the first fiscal quarter is often our lowest revenue and cash generating quarter due, in part, to holiday shut downs at many oem customers and distributors, and the first half of the fiscal year has tended to generate lower revenue than the second half of the fiscal year. however, sometimes typical seasonality and industry cyclicality are overshadowed by other factors such as wider macroeconomic effects, the timing of significant product transitions and launches by large oems, particularly in the wireless communications and enterprise storage segments.
we use distributors for a significant portion of our business and recognize revenue upon delivery of product to the distributors, which can cause our quarterly net revenue to fluctuate significantly. such revenue is reduced for estimated returns and distributor allowances. historically, a relatively small number of customers have accounted for a significant portion of our net revenue. sales to distributors accounted for 21% and 25% of our net revenue for the fiscal years ended november 1, 2015 and november 2, 2014, respectively. during the fiscal year ended november 1, 2015, or fiscal year 2015, foxconn technology
group companies, or foxconn, accounted for 24% of our net revenue, and our top five direct customers, which also included one distributor, collectively accounted for 46% of our net revenue. during the fiscal year ended november 2, 2014, or fiscal year 2014, foxconn accounted for 20% of our net revenue and our top five direct customers, which also included two distributors, collectively accounted for 41% of our net revenue. we believe our aggregate sales to apple, inc., when our direct sales to it are combined with our sales to the contract manufacturers that it utilizes (which includes foxconn), accounted for more than 20% of our net revenues for fiscal year 2015 and more than 15% for fiscal year 2014. we believe our aggregate sales to cisco systems inc., when our direct sales to it are combined with our sales to the contract manufacturers that it utilizes, accounted for more than 10% of our net revenues for fiscal year 2013. we expect to continue to experience significant customer concentration in future periods. the loss of, or significant decrease in demand from, any of our top ten direct or indirect customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
costs and expenses total cost of products sold.  cost of products sold consists primarily of the cost of semiconductor wafers and other materials, and the cost of assembly and testing of those products. cost of products sold also includes personnel costs and overhead related to our manufacturing operations, including share-based compensation, and related occupancy, computer services and equipment costs, manufacturing quality, order fulfillment, warranty and inventory adjustments, including write-downs for inventory obsolescence, energy costs, other manufacturing expenses and acquisition-related costs. acquisition-related costs include direct transaction costs and integration-related costs. total cost of products sold also includes amortization of intangible assets and restructuring charges.
although we outsource a significant portion of our manufacturing activities, we also have some proprietary semiconductor fabrication and assembly and test facilities. if we are unable to utilize our owned fabrication and assembly and test facilities at a desired level, the fixed costs associated with these facilities will not be fully absorbed, resulting in higher average unit costs and lower gross margins.
research and development.  research and development expense consists primarily of personnel costs for our engineers engaged in the design and development of our products and technologies, including share-based compensation expense. these expenses also include project material costs, third-party fees paid to consultants, prototype development expense, allocated facilities costs and other corporate expenses, computer services costs related to supporting computer tools used in the engineering and design process and acquisition-related costs.
selling, general and administrative.  selling expense consists primarily of compensation and associated costs for sales and marketing personnel, including share-based compensation expense, sales commissions paid to our independent sales representatives, costs of advertising, trade shows, corporate marketing, promotion, travel related to our sales and marketing operations, related occupancy and equipment costs and other marketing costs. general and administrative expense consists primarily of compensation and associated costs for executive management, finance, human resources and other administrative personnel, outside professional fees, allocated facilities costs, acquisition-related costs and other corporate expenses.
amortization of intangible assets.  in connection with acquisitions, we recognized intangible assets that are being amortized over their estimated useful lives of 1 year to 25 years. we also recognized goodwill and in-process research and development, which are not amortized, in connection with acquisitions.
restructuring and asset impairment charges. restructuring charges consist primarily of compensation costs associated with employee exit programs, alignment of our global manufacturing operations, rationalizing product development program costs, fixed asset impairments, facility and lease abandonments and other exit costs, including curtailment of service or supply agreements.
interest expense. interest expense in fiscal years 2015 and 2014 included coupon interest, commitment fees, accretion of the original issue discount and amortization of debt issuance costs related to our outstanding debt.
other income, net.  other income, net includes net realized gains on the sale of available-for-sale securities, realized and unrealized gains (losses) on trading securities, gains on the sale of cost-method investments, interest income, gains (losses) on currency remeasurement and other miscellaneous items.
provision for income taxes.  we have structured our operations to maximize the benefit from various tax incentives and tax holidays extended to us in various jurisdictions to encourage investment or employment. for example, we have obtained several tax incentives from the singapore economic development board, an agency of the government of singapore, which provide that certain classes of income we earn in singapore are subject to tax holidays or reduced rates of singapore income tax. each such tax incentive is separate and distinct from the others, and may be granted, withheld, extended, modified, truncated, complied with or terminated independently without any effect on the other incentives. in order to retain these tax benefits in singapore, we must meet certain operating conditions specific to each incentive relating to, among other things, maintenance of a corporate headquarters function and specified intellectual property, or ip, activities in singapore. the singapore tax incentives are presently scheduled to expire at various dates generally between 2018 and 2025, subject in certain
cases to potential extensions, which we may or may not be able to obtain. absent such tax incentives, the corporate income tax rate in singapore that would otherwise apply to us would be 17%. we also have a tax holiday on our qualifying malaysian income, which is effective up to and including our fiscal year 2018. the tax incentives that we have negotiated are also subject to our compliance with various operating and other conditions. if we cannot, or elect not to, comply with the operating conditions included in any particular tax incentive, we will lose the related tax benefits and we could be required to refund previously realized material tax benefits. depending on the incentive at issue, we could also be required to modify our operational structure and tax strategy, which may not be as beneficial to us as the benefits provided under the present tax concession arrangements. for fiscal years 2015, 2014 and 2013, the effect of all these tax incentives was to reduce the overall provision for income taxes by approximately $207 million, $99 million and $77 million, respectively.
our interpretations and conclusions regarding the tax incentives are not binding on any taxing authority, and if our assumptions about tax and other laws are incorrect or if these tax incentives are substantially modified or rescinded we could suffer material adverse tax and other financial consequences, which would increase our expenses, reduce our profitability and adversely affect our cash flows. in addition, taxable income in any jurisdiction is dependent upon acceptance of our operational practices and intercompany transfer pricing by local tax authorities as being on an arm's length basis. due to inconsistencies in application of the arm's length standard among taxing authorities, as well as lack of adequate treaty-based protection, transfer pricing challenges by tax authorities could, if successful, substantially increase our income tax expense.
going forward, our effective tax rate will vary based on a variety of factors, including overall profitability, the geographical mix of income before income taxes and the related tax rates in the jurisdictions where we operate, as well as discrete events, such as settlements of future audits and acquisitions we may make from time to time. in particular, we may owe significant taxes in jurisdictions outside singapore during periods when we are profitable in those jurisdictions even though we may be experiencing low operating profit or operating losses on a consolidated basis, potentially resulting in significant tax liabilities on a consolidated basis during those periods. our historical provision for income taxes is not necessarily reflective of our future results of operations.
acquisitions, divestitures and investments acquisitions pending acquisition of broadcom corporation on may 28, 2015, we entered into an agreement and plan of merger, or the broadcom agreement, by and among broadcom corporation, or broadcom, pavonia limited, a limited company incorporated under the laws of the republic of singapore, or holdco, safari cayman l.p., an exempted limited partnership formed under the laws of the cayman islands and a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of holdco, or the partnership, avago technologies cayman holdings ltd., an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the cayman islands and a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of the partnership, or intermediate holdco, avago technologies cayman finance limited, an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the cayman islands and a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of intermediate holdco, or finance holdco, buffalo cs merger sub, inc., a california corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of finance holdco and buffalo ut merger sub, inc., a california corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of finance holdco, which provides for a proposed business combination transaction between us and broadcom, or the broadcom transaction.
as a result of the broadcom transaction, at closing, each share of broadcom common stock will be converted into the right to receive, at the election of each holder of such broadcom common stock and subject to pro-ration in accordance with the broadcom agreement as described below, cash or equity interests in either holdco or the partnership. the shareholder election will be subject to a pro-ration mechanism (other than with respect to any election to receive equity interests in the partnership, or restricted exchangeable units), which is anticipated to result in payment, in the aggregate, of approximately $17 billion in cash consideration and the economic equivalent of approximately 140 million of our ordinary shares (assuming no more than 50% of outstanding shares of broadcom common stock elect restricted exchangeable units). as a result of the broadcom transaction, at closing, all our issued ordinary shares as of immediately prior to the effective time of the broadcom transaction will be exchanged on a one-to-one basis for new ordinary shares of holdco.
we intend to finance the estimated $17 billion of cash consideration with cash on hand from both companies and $16 billion in new, fully-committed senior secured debt financing from a consortium of banks, the syndication of which is substantially complete. we also intend to refinance substantially all of our and broadcom's existing debt, presently aggregating approximately $6 billion, with committed debt financing. the new debt financing will consist of a term loan a tranche of approximately $4 billion, term loan b-1 tranches of approximately $10 billion and €1 billion, and a term loan b-2 tranche for the remainder, at an aggregate, blended annualized interest rate of approximately 4%, based on libor rates as of december 14, 2015.
the broadcom transaction has been unanimously approved by the boards of directors of both companies, as well as a special committee of the independent directors of broadcom. on november 10, 2015, the broadcom transaction was approved
by our shareholders and broadcom shareholders. consummation of the broadcom transaction is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in the broadcom agreement, as well as other customary closing conditions.
a detailed description of the broadcom transaction can be found in the joint proxy statement/prospectus filed with the sec by us on september 28, 2015. we currently expect the broadcom transaction to close on or about february 1, 2016.
emulex corporation on may 5, 2015, we completed our acquisition of emulex corporation, or emulex, a provider of fibre channel host bus adapters, through a tender offer and subsequent merger of emulex into one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries. the aggregate consideration paid to acquire all of the outstanding shares of emulex was approximately $587 million, of which $582 million was cash consideration, funded with available cash on hand.
on august 12, 2014, we acquired plx technology, inc., or plx, a provider of peripheral component interconnect express, or pcie, semiconductor and software connectivity solutions, for approximately $308 million, which included cash paid to plx shareholders of $299 million and cash paid for fully vested stock options and restricted stock units of $9 million. we funded the transaction with available cash.
lsi corporation on may 6, 2014, we acquired lsi, a company that provides high-performance storage and networking semiconductors used in hdd, solid state drives, communication systems, computer servers, storage systems and personal computers, through a merger of lsi into one of our indirectly wholly-owned subsidiaries. the aggregate consideration for the acquisition was approximately $6,518 million, which included cash paid to lsi stockholders of $6,344 million, cash paid for fully vested stock options and restricted stock units of $154 million and $20 million for the fair value of partially vested assumed equity awards. we funded the transaction with the proceeds from the issuance of $1 billion in aggregate principal amount of our 2% convertible senior notes due 2021, or the convertible notes, the proceeds from $4.6 billion of term loans, or the term loans, borrowed under a senior secured credit agreement with a group of banks, or the 2014 credit agreement, entered at the closing of the transaction, as well as cash on hand of the combined companies.
on june 28, 2013, we acquired cyoptics, inc., or cyoptics, a u.s.-based company that manufactures and sells indium phosphide, optical chip and component technologies for the data communications and telecommunications markets for approximately $377 million, of which $373 million was paid in cash, net of $3 million in cash acquired. during fiscal year 2014, we also paid $4 million of additional deferred consideration to the previous shareholders of cyoptics. in addition, approximately $27 million was payable to key employees of cyoptics as part of a retention bonus plan. this amount was paid into escrow, will be paid to those employees over a three-year period subsequent to the acquisition date and is being recognized as compensation expense over the same period. for eligible cyoptics employees whose employment is involuntarily terminated by the company, their retention bonus payments are accelerated and due in full upon such termination in accordance with the provisions of the plan. during fiscal year 2014, we recognized compensation expense of $10 million due to the departure of certain plan participants. as of november 1, 2015, $22 million of the total $27 million had been paid to eligible cyoptics employees.
the discussion and analysis in this section and the accompanying consolidated financial statements include the results of operations of acquired companies commencing on their respective acquisition dates. (see note 3. "acquisitions and investments").
divestitures sale of lsi's flash components division and accelerated solutions division on september 2, 2014, we sold our lsi flash components division and accelerated solutions division, or the flash business, to seagate technology llc for $450 million, resulting in a gain on sale of $18 million.
sale of the lsi axxia networking business on november 18, 2014, we sold our lsi axxia networking business and related assets, or the axxia business, to intel corporation for $650 million, resulting in a gain on sale of $14 million.
sale of emulex's network visibility products business, endace on october 31, 2015, we sold our network visibility product business, or endace, which we acquired through the acquisition of emulex, for an immaterial amount, resulting in a loss on sale of $28 million.
pending sale of assets during fiscal year 2015, we realigned certain product groups within our wired infrastructure segment and, on august 24, 2015, we agreed to sell certain fiber optics subsystems assets to a third party. as a result, we recognized a $61 million loss to
write these assets down to fair value less costs to sell. the loss was included in restructuring and asset impairment charges in our consolidated statements of operations. the net carrying amount of these assets is presented in assets held-for-sale on our consolidated balance sheet as of november 1, 2015. the transaction is subject to customary closing conditions and is expected to close by the end of the first quarter of fiscal year 2016.
investments we own a 51% equity interest in a joint venture, silicon manufacturing partners pte ltd., or smp, owned by us and globalfoundries, a manufacturing foundry for integrated circuits. smp operates an ic manufacturing facility in singapore. we account for our ownership position in smp under the equity method of accounting. as of november 1, 2015, the carrying amount of our equity interest in this entity was $26 million. the equity interest is reported in other long-term assets on our consolidated balance sheets.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the united states, or gaap, requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. we base our estimates and assumptions on current facts, historical experience and various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities and the accrual of costs and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. the actual results experienced by us may differ materially and adversely from our estimates. our critical accounting policies are those that affect our historical financial statements materially and involve difficult, subjective or complex judgments by management. those policies include revenue recognition, business combinations, valuation of long-lived assets, intangible assets and goodwill, inventory valuation and warranty reserves, accounting for income taxes, retirement and post-retirement benefit plan assumptions, share-based compensation and employee bonus programs.
revenue recognition.  we recognize revenue related to sales of our products, net of sales returns and allowances, provided that (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, (ii) delivery has occurred and title and risk of loss have transferred, (iii) the price is fixed or determinable and (iv) collectibility is reasonably assured. delivery is considered to have occurred when title and risk of loss have transferred to the customer. we consider the price to be fixed or determinable when the price is not subject to refund or adjustments or when any such adjustments can be estimated. we evaluate the creditworthiness of our customers to determine that appropriate credit limits are established prior to the acceptance of an order. revenue, including sales to resellers and distributors, is reduced for estimated returns and distributor allowances. we recognize revenue from sales of our products to distributors upon delivery of product to the distributors. an allowance for distributor credits, covering price adjustments and scrap allowances, is made based on our estimate of historical experience rates as well as consideration of prevailing economic conditions and contractual terms. to date, actual distributor claims activity has been materially consistent with the provisions we have made based on our historical estimates. however, because of the inherent nature of estimates, there is always a risk that there could be significant differences between actual amounts and our estimates. different judgments or estimates could result in variances that might be significant to reported operating results.
we enter into development agreements with some of our customers and recognize revenue from these agreements upon completion and acceptance by the customer of contract deliverables or as services are provided, depending on the terms of the arrangement. revenue is deferred for any amounts billed or received prior to completion of milestones or delivery of services. as we retain the ip generated from these development agreements, costs related to these arrangements are included in research and development expense.
we recognize revenue from the sale and licensing of our ip when the following fundamental criteria are met: (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, (ii) delivery has occurred, (iii) the sales price is fixed or determinable, and (iv) collection of resulting receivables is reasonably assured. revenue from upfront payments for the licensing of our patents is recognized when the arrangement is mutually signed, if there is no future delivery or future performance obligation and all other criteria are met. revenue from guaranteed royalty streams are recognized when paid, or collection is reasonably assured and all other criteria are met. when patent licensing arrangements include royalties for future sales of the licensees' products using our licensed patented technology, revenue is recognized when the royalty report is received from the licensee, at which time the sales price is fixed or determinable, provided that all other criteria have been met.
accounting for business combinations. we use the acquisition method of accounting for business combinations and recognize assets acquired and liabilities assumed measured at their fair values on the date acquired. this requires us to recognize separately from goodwill the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed at their acquisition date fair values. goodwill as of the acquisition date is measured as the excess of consideration transferred over the net of the acquisition date fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed. while we use our best estimates and assumptions to accurately value assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date as well as contingent consideration, where applicable, our estimates are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. as a result, during the measurement period, which may be up to one year from
the acquisition date, we adjust the assets acquired and liabilities assumed with the corresponding offset to goodwill. upon the conclusion of the measurement period or final determination of the values of assets acquired or liabilities assumed, whichever comes first, any subsequent adjustments are recognized in our consolidated statements of operations.
accounting for business combinations requires our management to make significant estimates and assumptions, especially at the acquisition date, including our estimates for intangible assets, contractual obligations assumed, restructuring liabilities, pre-acquisition contingencies and contingent consideration, where applicable. although we believe the assumptions and estimates we have made in the past have been reasonable and appropriate, they are based, in part, on historical experience and information obtained from the management of the acquired companies and are inherently uncertain. critical estimates in valuing certain of the intangible assets we have acquired include, but are not limited to: future expected cash flows from product sales, customer contracts and acquired technologies, expected costs to develop in-process research and development into commercially viable products, estimated cash flows from the projects when completed, and discount rates. unanticipated events and circumstances may occur that may affect the accuracy or validity of such assumptions, estimates or actual results.
valuation of long-lived assets.  we assess the impairment of long-lived assets including purchased in-process research and development, assets, property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and goodwill whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of such assets may not be recoverable. factors we consider important, and which could trigger an impairment review of our long-lived and intangible assets, include significant under-performance relative to historical or projected future operating results, significant changes in the manner of our use of the acquired assets or the strategy for our overall business, and significant negative industry or economic trends. an impairment loss must be measured if the sum of the expected future cash flows (undiscounted and before interest) from the use of the asset is less than the net book value of the asset. the amount of the impairment loss will generally be measured as the difference between the net book value of the asset (or asset group) and the estimated fair value.
goodwill is recognized when the purchase price for an acquisition exceeds the estimated fair value of the net tangible and intangible assets acquired. goodwill is allocated to our reporting units based on the relative fair value of the future benefits of the purchased operations to our existing business units as well as the acquired business unit. reporting units may be operating segments as a whole or an operation one level below an operating segment, referred to as a component. our reporting units are consistent with the operating segments identified in note 10. "segment information", in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k.
we perform an annual impairment review of our goodwill during the fourth fiscal quarter of each year, and more frequently if we believe indicators of impairment exist. we first assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances leads to a determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of any of our reporting units is less than its carrying amount. our qualitative assessment of the recoverability of goodwill, whether performed annually or based on specific events or circumstances, considers various macroeconomic, industry-specific and company-specific factors. those factors include: (i) severe adverse industry or economic trends; (ii) significant company-specific actions, including exiting an activity in conjunction with restructuring of operations; (iii) current, historical or projected deterioration of our financial performance; or (iv) a sustained decrease in our market capitalization below our net book value. after assessing the totality of events and circumstances, if we determine that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of any of our reporting units is less than its carrying amount, no further assessment is performed. if we determine that it is more likely than not that the fair value of any of our reporting units is less than its carrying amount, we calculate the fair value of that reporting unit and compare the fair value to the reporting unit's net book value. if the fair value of the reporting unit is greater than its net book value, there is no impairment. otherwise, we calculate the implied fair value of goodwill by deducting the fair value of all tangible and intangible assets, excluding goodwill, of the reporting unit from the fair value of the reporting unit. the implied fair value of goodwill is compared to the carrying value of goodwill. if the implied fair value of goodwill is less than the carrying value of goodwill, an impairment loss is recognized equal to the difference. the process of evaluating the potential impairment of goodwill is highly subjective and requires significant judgment.
determining the fair value of a reporting unit involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions. our goodwill impairment test uses both the income approach and the market approach to estimate a reporting unit's fair value. the income approach is based on the discounted cash flow method that uses the reporting unit estimates for forecasted future financial performance including revenues, operating expenses, and taxes, as well as working capital and capital asset requirements. these estimates are developed as part of our long-term planning process based on assumed market segment growth rates and our assumed market segment share, estimated costs based on historical data and various internal estimates. projected cash flows are then discounted to a present value employing a discount rate that properly accounts for the estimated market weighted-average cost of capital, as well as any risk unique to the subject cash flows. the market approach is based on weighting financial multiples of comparable companies and applies a control premium. a reporting unit's carrying value represents the assignment of various assets and liabilities, excluding certain corporate assets and liabilities, such as cash and debt.
for fiscal year 2015, we performed a qualitative assessment of goodwill by reporting unit and determined that it is more likely than not that the fair value of each of the reporting units exceeded its carrying value. as a result, we concluded that no impairment of goodwill was identified during the annual impairment review in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2015.
the process of evaluating the potential impairment of long-lived assets under the accounting guidance on property, plant and equipment and other intangible assets such as ours, is also highly subjective and requires significant judgment. in order to estimate the fair value of long-lived assets, we typically make various assumptions about the future prospects about our business or the part of our business that the long-lived asset relates to, consider market factors specific to the business and estimate future cash flows to be generated by the business, which requires significant judgment as it is based on assumptions about market demand for our products over a number of future years. based on these assumptions and estimates, we determine whether we need to take an impairment charge to reduce the value of the long-lived asset stated on our consolidated balance sheet to reflect its estimated fair value. assumptions and estimates about future values and remaining useful lives are complex and often subjective. they can be affected by a variety of factors, including external factors, such as the real estate market, industry and economic trends, and internal factors, such as changes in our business strategy and our internal forecasts. although we believe the assumptions and estimates we have made in the past have been reasonable and appropriate, changes in assumptions and estimates could materially impact our reported financial results.
inventory valuation and warranty reserves.  we value our inventory at the lower of the actual cost of the inventory or the current estimated market value of the inventory, with cost being determined under the first-in, first-out method. we regularly review inventory quantities on hand and record a provision for excess and obsolete inventory based primarily on our forecast of product demand and production requirements. demand for our products can fluctuate significantly from period to period. a significant decrease in demand could result in an increase in the amount of excess inventory quantities on hand. in addition, our industry is characterized by rapid technological change, frequent new product development and rapid product obsolescence that could result in an increase in the amount of obsolete inventory quantities on hand. additionally, our estimates of future product demand may prove to be inaccurate, which may cause us to understate or overstate both the provision required for excess and obsolete inventory and cost of products sold. therefore, although we make every effort to ensure the accuracy of our forecasts of future product demand, any significant unanticipated changes in demand or technological developments could have a significant impact on the value of our inventory and our results of operations. we establish reserves for estimated product warranty costs at the time revenue is recognized. although we engage in extensive product quality control programs and processes, our warranty obligation has been and may in the future be affected by product failure rates, product recalls, repair or field replacement costs and additional development costs incurred in correcting any product failure, as well as possible claims for consequential costs. should actual product failure rates, use of materials or service delivery costs differ from our estimates, additional warranty reserves could be required. in that event, our gross margins would be reduced.
accounting for income taxes.  we account for income taxes in accordance with the accounting guidance on income taxes. the provision for income taxes is computed using the asset and liability method, under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities, and for operating losses and tax credit carryforwards. deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using the currently enacted tax rates that apply to taxable income in effect for the years in which those tax assets are expected to be realized or settled. we record a valuation allowance to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount that is believed more likely than not to be realized. significant management judgment is required in developing our provision for income taxes, including the determination of deferred tax assets and liabilities and any valuation allowances that might be required against the deferred tax assets. we have considered projected future taxable income and ongoing prudent and feasible tax planning strategies in assessing the need for valuation allowances. if we determine, in the future, that a valuation allowance is required, such adjustment to the deferred tax assets would increase our tax expense in the period in which such determination is made. conversely, if we determine, in the future, a valuation allowance exceeds our requirement, such adjustment to the deferred tax assets would decrease tax expense in the period in which such determination is made. in evaluating the exposure associated with various tax filing positions, we accrue an income tax liability when such positions do not meet the more-likely-than-not threshold for recognition.
the calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax law and regulations in a multitude of jurisdictions. we recognize potential liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues in singapore and other tax jurisdictions based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes and interest will be due. if our estimate of income tax liabilities proves to be less than the actual amount ultimately assessed, a further charge to expense would be required. if the payment of these amounts ultimately proves to be unnecessary, the reversal of the liabilities would result in tax benefits being recognized in the period when we determine the liabilities no longer exist.
the gross unrecognized tax benefit increased by $91 million during fiscal year 2015 to $578 million as of november 1, 2015 from $487 million as of november 2, 2014. the gross unrecognized tax benefit as of november 3, 2013 was $37 million.
we recognize interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits within provision for income taxes in the consolidated statements of operations. accrued interest and penalties are included within other long-term liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. as of november 1, 2015 and november 2, 2014, the combined amount of cumulative accrued interest and penalties was approximately $43 million and $23 million, respectively.
retirement and post-retirement benefit plan assumptions.  retirement and post-retirement benefit plan costs are a significant cost of doing business. they represent obligations that will ultimately be settled sometime in the future and therefore are subject to estimation. pension accounting is intended to reflect the recognition of future retirement and post-retirement benefit plan costs over the employees' average expected future service to the company, based on the terms of the plans and investment and funding decisions. to estimate the impact of these future payments and our decisions concerning funding of these obligations, we are required to make assumptions using actuarial concepts within the framework of gaap. one critical assumption is the discount rate used to calculate the estimated costs. other important assumptions include the expected long-term return on plan assets, the health care cost trend rate, expected future salary increases, expected future increases to benefit payments, expected retirement dates, employee turnover, retiree mortality rates, and portfolio composition. we evaluate these assumptions at least annually.
the discount rate is used to determine the present value of future benefit payments at the relevant measurement dates - november 1, 2015 and november 2, 2014, for both u.s. and non-u.s. plans, in fiscal years 2015 and 2014, respectively. for fiscal years 2015 and 2014, the u.s. discount rates were based on the results of matching expected plan benefit payments with cash flows from a hypothetical yield curve constructed with high-quality corporate bond yields. the discount rate for non-u.s. plans was based either on published rates for government bonds or use of a hypothetical yield curve constructed with high- quality corporate bond yields, depending on the availability of sufficient quantities of quality corporate bonds. lower discount rates increase present values of the pension liabilities and subsequent year pension expense; higher discount rates decrease present values of the pension liabilities and subsequent year pension expense.
we base our salary increase assumptions on historical experience and future expectations. in developing the expected rate of return, we consider long-term compound annualized returns based on historical market data, historical and expected returns on the various categories of plan assets, and the target investment portfolio allocation among debt, equity securities and other investments.
the expected long-term return on plan assets is estimated using current and expected asset allocations as well as historical and expected returns. plan assets are valued at fair value. a 25 basis point change in the estimated long-term return on plan assets for 2015 assumptions would result in a $3 million impact on pension expense for fiscal year 2015.
for fiscal year 2015, we used an expected rate of return on plan assets of 7.3% for our u.s. pension plans. for our u.s. post-retirement benefit plan, we used a weighted-average long-term rate of return on assets of 5.4%. for the u.s. plans, we used a calculated market-related value of assets, or mrva, in determining the estimated return on plan assets. under the mrva, gains and losses are recognized over a five-year period. the mrva also affects the determination of amortization of gains or losses. as of november 1, 2015, the mrva and fair value of the plans was $1,162 million and $1,103 million, respectively. if we used the fair value, the net periodic benefit cost would remain the same for 2015.
actuarial assumptions are based on our best estimates and judgment. material changes may occur in retirement benefit costs in the future if these assumptions differ from actual events or experience. we performed a sensitivity analysis on the discount rate, which is the key assumption in calculating pension and post-retirement benefit obligation as of november 1, 2015. each change of 25 basis points in the discount rate assumption would have had an estimated $42 million impact on the benefit obligation as of november 1, 2015. each change of 25 basis points in the discount rate assumption and expected rate of return assumption would have an estimated change of $2 million and $3 million, respectively, on annual net retirement benefit costs for fiscal year 2015.
excluding curtailments and settlements, we recognized $14 million and $2 million of net periodic retirement and post-retirement benefit income in our consolidated statements of operations in fiscal years 2015 and 2014, respectively. the net periodic retirement and post-retirement benefit costs recognized in our consolidated statement of operations, excluding curtailments and settlements, was $6 million in fiscal year 2013.
share-based compensation expense.  share-based compensation expense consists of expense for stock options and restricted share units, or rsus, granted to both employees and non-employees as well as expense associated with avago technologies limited employee share purchase plan, or espp. we recognize compensation expense based on the estimated grant-date fair value method required under the authoritative guidance using black-scholes valuation model with a straight-line amortization method. since authoritative guidance requires that share-based compensation expense be based on awards that are ultimately expected to vest, estimated share-based compensation expense for such awards has been reduced for estimated forfeitures. changes in the estimated forfeiture rates can have a significant effect on share-based compensation expense since the effect of adjusting the rate is recognized in the period the forfeiture estimate is changed.
in fiscal year 2013, the company began granting share price performance options, which are accounted for as market-based stock options. in fiscal year 2015, the company began granting share price performance rsus, which are accounted for as market-based rsus. the fair value of these market-based awards is estimated on the date of grant using a monte carlo simulation model. assumptions utilized in the monte carlo simulation model follow the same methodology as our time-based option awards. compensation expense for market-based awards is amortized based upon a graded vesting method and is recognized if the service period is met even if the market condition is not met.
the dividend yields for fiscal years 2015, 2014 and 2013 are based on the historical and expected dividend payouts as of the respective award grant dates. for fiscal years 2015 and 2014, expected volatility for time-based options and market-based awards was based on our own historical share price volatility or combining historical volatility of guideline publicly-traded companies and our own historical share price volatility over the period commensurate with the expected life of the awards and the implied volatility from our own traded ordinary shares with a term of 180 days measured at a specific date. for fiscal year 2013, expected volatility was based on the combination of historical volatility of guideline publicly-traded companies and our own historical share price volatility over the period commensurate with the expected life of the awards and the implied volatility from traded options in guideline publicly-traded companies and our own shares with a term of 720 days or greater measured over the last three months. the risk-free interest rate is derived from the average u.s. treasury strips rate during the period, which approximates the rate in effect at the time of grant. for fiscal years 2015 and 2014, the expected term for time-based options was based on a weighted-average combining the average life of options that have already been exercised or cancelled with the expected life of all unexercised options. the expected life for unexercised options is calculated assuming that the options will be exercised at the midpoint of the vesting date (if unvested) or the valuation date (if vested) and the full contractual term. our computations of expected term for time-based options prior to fiscal year 2014 were based on data, such as the data of peer companies and company-specific attributes, which we believe could affect employees' exercise behavior. the expected life of market-based stock options valued using monte carlo simulation techniques is based upon the vesting dates forecasted by the simulation and assumes that options which vest, and for which the market condition has been satisfied, are exercised at the midpoint between the forecasted vesting date and their expiration. the expected term of market-based rsus valued using monte carlo simulation techniques is commensurate with the awards' contractual terms.
our rsus are equity awards that are granted with an exercise price equal to zero and represent the right to receive one of our ordinary shares per rsu immediately upon vesting. we recognize compensation expense for time-based rsus using the straight-line amortization method based on the fair value of rsus on the date of grant. in fiscal years 2015 and 2014, the fair value of time-based rsus is the closing market price of our ordinary shares on the date of grant, reduced by the present value of dividends expected to be paid on our ordinary shares prior to vesting. prior to fiscal year 2014, the fair value of rsus is the closing market price of our ordinary shares on the date of grant.
we also recognize share-based compensation expense based on an estimate of the fair value of rights to purchase ordinary shares under the espp using the straight-line amortization method.
employee bonus programs. our employee bonus programs, which are overseen by our compensation committee or our board, in the case of our chief executive officer, provide for variable compensation based on the attainment of overall corporate annual targets and functional performance metrics. in the first fiscal quarter of the year, if management determines that it is probable that the targets and metrics will be achieved and the amounts can be reasonably estimated, a variable, proportional compensation accrual is recognized based on an assumed 100% achievement of the targets and metrics. the bonus payout levels can be greater if attainment of metrics and targets is greater than 100% and a portion of the payouts may not occur if a minimum floor of performance is not achieved. in subsequent quarters, we monitor and accrue for variable compensation expense based on our actual progress toward the achievement of the annual targets and metrics. the actual achievement of target metrics at the end of the fiscal year, which is subject to approval by our compensation committee, may result in the actual variable compensation amounts being significantly higher or lower than the relevant estimated amounts accrued in earlier quarters, which would result in a corresponding adjustment in the fourth fiscal quarter.
fiscal year presentation we operate on a 52- or 53-week fiscal year which ends on the sunday closest to october 31. each of fiscal years 2015 and 2014 consisted of 52 weeks. fiscal year 2013 consisted of 53 weeks, with the extra week falling in the first quarter of fiscal year 2013.
the financial statements included in this annual report on form 10-k are presented in accordance with gaap and expressed in u.s. dollars.
results of operations fiscal year ended november 1, 2015 compared to fiscal year ended november 2, 2014
the following table sets forth our results of operations for the fiscal years ended november 1, 2015 and november 2, 2014.
(in millions)                 (as a percentage of net revenue)
statement of operations data:
cost of products sold:
cost of products sold                                        2,780                 2,121                 41                         50
amortization of intangible assets                              484                   249                  7                          6
total cost of products sold                                  3,271                 2,392                 48                         56
research and development                                     1,049                   695                 15                         16
amortization of intangible assets                              249                   197                  4                          5
restructuring and asset impairment charges                     137                   140                  2                          3
total operating expenses                                     1,921                 1,439                 28                         34
operating income                                             1,632                   438                 24                         10
loss from discontinued operations, net of income taxes         (27     )             (46     )            -                         (1        )
net revenue.  net revenue was $6,824 million for fiscal year 2015 compared to $4,269 million for fiscal year 2014, an increase of $2,555 million or 60%. the increase in net revenue was primarily due to a full year of revenue contribution from the acquired lsi and plx businesses, compared to partial year contributions from those businesses during fiscal year 2014, as well as strength in the wireless communications segment. in addition, we also benefited from revenue contribution from the acquired emulex business during the last half of fiscal year 2015. net revenue for fiscal year 2015 included $313 million of revenue from development arrangements and sales and licensing of intellectual property, or ip, compared to $160 million for fiscal year 2014.
historically, a relatively small number of customers have accounted for a significant portion of our net revenue. during fiscal year 2015, foxconn accounted for 24% of our net revenue. our top five customers for fiscal year 2015, which included one distributor, collectively accounted for 46% of our net revenue. we believe our aggregate sales to apple inc., when our direct sales to it are combined with our sales to the contract manufacturers that it utilizes (which includes foxconn), accounted for more than 20% of our net revenues in fiscal year 2015 and more than 15% in fiscal year 2014. we expect to continue to experience significant customer concentration in future periods. the loss of, or significant decrease in demand from, any of our top ten customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
gross margin.  gross margin was $3,553 million for fiscal year 2015 compared to $1,877 million for fiscal year 2014, an increase of $1,676 million. as a percentage of net revenue, gross margin was 52% for fiscal year 2015, compared to 44% for fiscal year 2014. the increase in gross margin, both in dollars and as a percentage of revenue, for fiscal year 2015 compared to fiscal year 2014 was due primarily to gross margin contributions from our enterprise storage segment, which we acquired in the lsi acquisition, an improvement in product mix with higher contributions from our fbar-related wireless products, and a decrease in charges associated with the inventory step-up to fair value related to acquisitions, partially offset by amortization of intangible assets related to the lsi, plx and emulex acquisitions.
research and development.  research and development expense was $1,049 million for fiscal year 2015, compared to $695 million for fiscal year 2014, an increase of $354 million or 51%. however, as a percentage of net revenue, research and development expense remained relatively flat at 15% for fiscal year 2015, compared to 16% for fiscal year 2014. the majority of the increase, in dollars, is related primarily to the impact of lsi and plx for the full fiscal year, the impact of emulex for the first half of fiscal year 2015, and an increase in share-based compensation expense due to annual focal employee equity awards at higher grant-date fair values and higher headcount as a result of the lsi, plx and emulex acquisitions. we expect the dollar amount of research and development expense to increase for the foreseeable future, due to the increasing complexity and number of products we plan to develop.
selling, general and administrative.  selling, general and administrative expense was $486 million for fiscal year 2015 compared to $407 million for fiscal year 2014, an increase of $79 million or 19%. however, as a percentage of net revenue, selling, general and administrative expense decreased to 7% for fiscal year 2015 compared to 10% for fiscal year 2014. the increase in selling, general and administrative expense, in dollars, was primarily due to the impact of the lsi acquisition for the full fiscal year and an increase in share-based compensation expense due to annual focal employee equity awards at higher grant-date fair values and higher headcount as a result of the lsi, plx and emulex acquisitions. selling, general and administrative expense as a percentage of net revenue decreased in fiscal year 2015, as revenue growth outpaced the increase in selling, general and administrative expense.
amortization of intangible assets.  total amortization expense of intangible assets was $733 million and $446 million, respectively, for fiscal years 2015 and 2014, an increase of $287 million. the increase in amortization expense for fiscal year 2015 was primarily attributable to a full year of amortization for intangible assets obtained in the lsi and plx acquisitions.
restructuring and asset impairment charges.  we incurred total restructuring and asset impairment charges of $144 million for fiscal year 2015 compared to $162 million for fiscal year 2014, respectively. the restructuring charges incurred in fiscal year 2015 were primarily due to employee termination costs related to the emulex and lsi acquisitions. the restructuring charges incurred during fiscal year 2014 were due primarily to employee termination costs related to the lsi acquisition. we expect to incur additional restructuring charges in future periods, including as a result of acquisitions that we expect to close or may make in the future, particularly broadcom.
during fiscal year 2015, we realigned certain product groups within our wired infrastructure segment and we agreed to sell certain fiber optics subsystems assets to a third party. as a result, we recognized a $61 million loss to write these assets down to fair value less costs to sell. this transaction is subject to customary closing conditions, and is expected to close by the end of the first quarter of fiscal year 2016.
interest expense.  interest expense was $191 million for fiscal year 2015, compared to $110 million for fiscal year 2014. this $81 million increase in interest expense was due to the full year interest on our outstanding term loans, along with the amortization of related debt issuance costs that are being charged to interest expense using the effective interest method over the respective borrowing terms. we expect interest expense to increase substantially in future periods, starting in the first quarter of fiscal year 2016, due to the increased amount of debt we expect to incur in connection with the completion of the broadcom transaction as well as ticking fees associated with the syndication of that debt in advance of closing the transaction.
provision for income taxes.  we recognized a provision for income taxes of $76 million for fiscal year 2015, compared to $33 million for fiscal year 2014. the provision for income taxes in fiscal year 2015 increased from the prior fiscal year primarily due to the increase in profit before tax.
segment results net revenue and operating income by segment were as follows:
% of net revenue             november 1, 2015            november 2, 2014
fiscal year ended net revenue                   november 1,            november 2,               change
fiscal year ended operating income              november 1,            november 2,               change
total operating income       $1,632                   $438                $1,194
wireless communications. net revenue from our wireless communications segment increased 50% in fiscal year 2015, compared with fiscal year 2014, primarily due to a substantial increase in our radio frequency, or rf, product content in smartphones and an increase in unit sales of smartphones containing our products.
operating income from our wireless communications segment was 47% of segment revenue. operating income increased 83%, compared with fiscal year 2014, primarily due to higher revenue and improvement in product mix.
enterprise storage. net revenue from our enterprise storage segment increased 151% in fiscal year 2015, compared with fiscal year 2014. this segment was acquired in the lsi acquisition and fiscal year 2015 results reflect a full year of operating results compared to a partial year of operating results in fiscal year 2014. the results for fiscal year 2015 also reflect contributions from emulex following its acquisition and an improvement in the business due to market share gains as well as growth in end market demand.
operating income from our enterprise storage segment was 39% of segment revenue. operating income increased 193% compared with fiscal year 2014, primarily due to higher revenue with stable research and development expense.
wired infrastructure. net revenue from our wired infrastructure segment increased 28% in fiscal year 2015, compared with fiscal year 2014. the increase was primarily due to improved revenue contribution from our application specific integrated circuits, or asics and from the inclusion of a full year of contributions from lsi products in this segment.
operating income from our wired infrastructure segment was 32% of segment revenue. operating income increased 67% compared with fiscal year 2014, primarily due to gross margin improvement and higher revenue with stable research and development expense.
operating income from our industrial & other segment was 49% of segment revenue. operating income increased 26% compared with fiscal year 2014, primarily due to higher ip licensing revenue.
unallocated expenses. unallocated expenses include amortization of intangible assets, share-based compensation expense, restructuring charges, acquisition-related costs, charges related to inventory step-up to fair value related to acquisitions, and other costs that are not used in evaluating the results of, or in allocating resources to, our segments. unallocated expenses increased 16% compared with fiscal year 2014, primarily due to higher operating expenses related to increases in amortization of intangible assets incurred in connection with our acquisitions of lsi, plx and emulex. additionally, share-based compensation expense increased in fiscal year 2015, compared with fiscal year 2014, due to annual focal employee equity awards at higher grant-date fair values and higher headcount as a result of the lsi, plx and emulex acquisitions.
the following table sets forth our results of operations for the fiscal years ended november 2, 2014 and november 3, 2013.
(in millions)                         (as a percentage of net revenue)
statement of operations data:
cost of products sold:
cost of products sold                                                                                          2,121                       1,260                     50                             50
amortization of intangible assets                                                                                249                          61                      6                              2
total cost of products sold                                                                                    2,392                       1,322                     56                             52
research and development                                                                                         695                         398                     16                             16
amortization of intangible assets                                                                                197                          24                      5                              1
total operating expenses                                                                                       1,439                         646                     34                             26
operating income                                                                                                 438                         552                     10                             22
loss from discontinued operations (including a gain on disposal of $18 million), net of income taxes             (46       )                   -                     (1          )                   -
net revenue.  net revenue was $4,269 million for fiscal year 2014 compared to $2,520 million for fiscal year 2013, an increase of $1,749 million or 69%. the increase in net revenue was primarily due to revenue contribution from the acquired lsi and plx businesses and strength in the wireless communications and wired infrastructure segments. net revenue for fiscal year 2014 included $160 million of revenue from development arrangements and sales and licensing of ip compared to $87 million for fiscal year 2013.
historically, a relatively small number of customers have accounted for a significant portion of our net revenue. during fiscal year 2014, foxconn accounted for 20% of our net revenue. our top five customers for fiscal year 2014, which included two distributors, collectively accounted for 41% of our net revenue. we believe our aggregate sales to apple inc., when our direct sales to it are combined with our sales to the contract manufacturers that it utilizes, accounted for more than 10% of our net revenues, for both fiscal years 2014 and 2013. we believe our aggregate sales to cisco systems, inc., when our direct sales to it are combined with indirect sales to the contract manufacturers that it utilizes, accounted for more than 10% of our net revenues, for fiscal year 2013. we expect to continue to experience significant customer concentration in future periods. the loss of, or significant decrease in demand from, any of our top ten customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
gross margin.  gross margin was $1,877 million for fiscal year 2014 compared to $1,198 million for fiscal year 2013, an increase of $679 million. as a percentage of net revenue, gross margin was 44% for fiscal year 2014, compared to 48% for fiscal year 2013. the increase in gross margin dollars for fiscal year 2014 compared to fiscal year 2013 was due primarily to gross margin contributions from the enterprise storage segment and asics added as a result of the lsi acquisition, an increase in net revenue from, and improved product mix in, our wireless communications segment, as well as additional gross margin contributions from cyoptics, which we acquired during the third quarter of fiscal year 2013. the decrease in gross margin as a percentage of revenue for fiscal year 2014 compared to fiscal year 2013 was due primarily to the charges associated with the inventory step-up to fair value, large increases in amortization of intangible assets and restructuring expense primarily related
to the lsi acquisition, partially offset by improved gross margins in our wireless communications segment due to improved utilization of our internal manufacturing fabrication facility and favorable product mix.
research and development.  research and development expense was $695 million for fiscal year 2014, compared to $398 million for fiscal year 2013, an increase of $297 million or 75%. as a percentage of net revenue, research and development expense remained flat at 16% for fiscal year 2014, compared to fiscal year 2013. the majority of the increase, in dollars, was related to the lsi acquisition completed at the beginning of the third quarter of fiscal year 2014, as well as a $50 million increase in compensation related expense, including those associated with annual merit-based salary increases, additional headcount costs, accrued incentive compensation expense related to our employee bonus program, share-based compensation expense attributable to annual focal employee equity awards at higher grant-date fair values, and retention compensation expense primarily related to employees acquired in the cyoptics transaction. the overall dollar increase was also attributable to a $21 million increase in project expense, mainly attributable to increases in depreciation expense related to capital expenditures supporting research and development efforts and computer software expense.
selling, general and administrative.  selling, general and administrative expense was $407 million for fiscal year 2014 compared to $222 million for fiscal year 2013, an increase of $185 million or 83%. as a percentage of net revenue, selling, general and administrative expense increased slightly to 10% for fiscal year 2014 compared to 9% for fiscal year 2013. the increase in selling, general and administrative expense was primarily due to the lsi acquisition. other changes in components of selling, general and administrative expense for fiscal year 2014, compared to fiscal year 2013, consisted primarily of a $56 million increase in compensation related expenses, including share-based compensation attributable to annual focal employee equity awards at higher grant-date fair values, retention compensation expense primarily related to the cyoptics transaction, accrued incentive compensation expense related to our employee bonus program, annual merit-based salary increases and a $21 million increase in professional service fees, primarily related to the lsi transaction.
amortization of intangible assets.  total amortization expense of intangible assets was $446 million and $85 million, respectively, for fiscal years 2014 and 2013, an increase of $361 million. the increase in amortization expense for fiscal year 2014 was primarily attributable to the increase in amortizable intangible assets from the lsi, cyoptics and plx acquisitions.
restructuring charges.  we incurred total restructuring charges of $162 million for fiscal year 2014, which included $22 million and $140 million in cost of products sold and in operating expenses, respectively, compared to $3 million for fiscal year 2013, which included $1 million and $2 million in cost of products sold and in operating expenses, respectively. the restructuring charges incurred during fiscal year 2014 were due primarily to employee termination costs following the lsi acquisition.
interest expense.  interest expense was $110 million for fiscal year 2014, compared to $2 million for fiscal year 2013. this $108 million increase in interest expense was due to interest on our outstanding term loans, the convertible notes, and fees related to our 2014 revolving credit facility, together with the amortization of related debt issuance costs and accretion of the debt discount on the convertible notes.
other income, net.  other income, net was $14 million for fiscal year 2014 compared to other income, net of $18 million for fiscal year 2013. other income, net for fiscal years 2014 and 2013 is primarily attributable to realized gains on sales of investments.
provision for income taxes.  we recognized a provision for income taxes of $33 million for fiscal year 2014 compared to $16 million for fiscal year 2013. the provision for income taxes in fiscal year 2014 increased from the prior fiscal year primarily due to a change in the jurisdictional mix of income.
segment results net revenue and operating income by segment were as follows:
% of net revenue            november 2,           november 3,
fiscal year ended net revenue                   november 2,        november 3,                   change
fiscal year ended operating income              november 2,            november 3,             change
total operating income         $438                   $552               $(114    )
wireless communications. net revenue from our wireless communications segment increased 39% in fiscal year 2014 compared with the prior year due to continued strength in worldwide mobile smartphone sales, an increase in the amount of our product content in those phones and the start of 4g/long-term evolution, or lte, adoption in china. the increase in our product content within new smartphone models was driven by increased adoption of our film bulk acoustic resonator, or fbar, technology products.
operating income from our wireless communications segment was 39% of segment revenue. operating income increased 95%, compared with fiscal year 2013, primarily due to higher revenue and proportionately lower manufacturing costs due to higher fabrication utilization.
wired infrastructure. net revenue from our wired infrastructure segment increased 55% in fiscal year 2014, compared with fiscal year 2013. the increase was primarily due to revenue contribution from the asics acquired from lsi and a full year of contributions from cyoptics, which was acquired in the third quarter of fiscal year 2013.
operating income from our wired infrastructure segment was 25% of segment revenue. operating income increased 79% compared with fiscal year 2013, primarily due to revenue increases that outpaced growth in research and development spending.
enterprise storage. net revenue and operating income from our enterprise storage segment, which was 34% of segment revenue, resulted from our acquisition of lsi in may 2014.
industrial & other. net revenue from our industrial & other segment increased slightly in fiscal year 2014 compared with fiscal year 2013, primarily due to the inclusion of ip licensing revenue related to lsi within the industrial & other segment.
operating income from our industrial & other segment was 44% of segment revenue and increased slightly compared with fiscal year 2013, primarily due to the inclusion of ip licensing revenue generated from ip acquired from lsi within the industrial & other segment.
unallocated expenses. unallocated expenses include amortization of intangible assets primarily due to our acquisitions, share-based compensation expense, restructuring charges, acquisition-related costs, including charges related to inventory step-up to fair value, and other costs that are not used in evaluating the results of, or in allocating resources to, our segments. unallocated expenses increased 456% compared with fiscal year 2013, primarily due to higher operating expenses related to increases in amortization of intangible assets, acquisition-related costs, and restructuring charges incurred in connection with our acquisitions of lsi and plx. additionally, share-based compensation expense increased in fiscal year 2014 compared with fiscal year 2013 due to annual focal employee equity awards at higher grant-date fair values and grants made to employees assumed in the acquisitions.
liquidity and capital resources the following section discusses our principal liquidity and capital resources as well as our principal liquidity requirements and sources and uses of cash. our cash and cash equivalents are maintained in highly liquid investments with remaining maturities of 90 days or less at the time of purchase. we believe our cash equivalents are liquid and accessible.
our primary sources of liquidity at november 1, 2015 consisted of: (1) approximately $1,822 million in cash and cash equivalents, (2) cash we expect to generate from operations, (3) our $500 million 2014 revolving credit facility, which is committed until may 6, 2019, all of which is available to be drawn, and (4) the ability to increase the aggregate term loans and revolving credit commitments capacity to $6.7 billion under the 2014 credit agreement, referred to as the accordion feature. our short-term and long-term liquidity requirements primarily arise from: (i) interest, principal and commitment fees payments related to borrowings incurred to fund the acquisition of lsi, (ii) working capital requirements, (iii) research and development and capital expenditure needs, (iv) business acquisitions and investments we may make from time to time, (v) quarterly dividend payments (if and when declared by our board), and (vi) funding employee benefit plan obligations. our ability to fund these requirements will depend on our future cash flows, which are determined by future operating performance and are, therefore, subject to prevailing global macroeconomic conditions and financial, business and other factors, some of which are beyond our control.
our debt and liquidity needs will increase substantially following the closing of the broadcom transaction. we intend to finance the estimated $17 billion of cash consideration needed for broadcom transaction with cash on hand from both companies and $16 billion in new, fully-committed senior secured debt financing from a consortium of banks, the syndication of which is substantially complete. we also intend to refinance substantially all of our and broadcom's existing debt, presently aggregating approximately $6 billion, with committed debt financing.
pension plans we have pension plans under which we are obligated to make future contributions to fund benefits to participants. the plans provide retirement benefits under defined benefit pension plans. the projected benefit obligations under these pension plans exceeded the value of the assets of those plans by approximately $459 million at november 1, 2015. our minimum required funding contributions to these plans for fiscal year 2016 is at least $32 million. we expect to have additional funding requirements with respect to the plans in future years. we may also choose to make additional, voluntary contributions to the plans or seek to reduce ongoing plan obligations via purchases of annuities or individual participants or beneficiary buyouts. depending on our cash position at the time, any such contributions to our pension plans or related activities could impact our liquidity and financial position.
share repurchases under our share repurchase programs were made in the open market at such times and in such amounts as the company deemed appropriate.
summary our cash and cash equivalents increased by $218 million to $1,822 million at november 1, 2015 from $1,604 million at november 2, 2014, primarily due to $2,318 million in cash provided by operating activities, $650 million from the sale of the axxia business, and $241 million from the issuance of ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of options and purchase rights
under our employee share purchase plan. partially offsetting the increase in cash and cash equivalents was $593 million in cash paid for capital expenditures, $408 million of dividends paid to our shareholders and $394 million paid for business acquisitions completed during fiscal year 2015.
we believe that our cash and cash equivalents on hand and cash flows from operations, combined with current borrowing availability under the 2014 revolving credit facility, the accordion feature in our 2014 credit agreement and committed debt funding relating to the pending broadcom acquisition, provide sufficient liquidity to fund our current obligations, including the current portions of our long-term debt and interest due, our annual cash contributions to fund pension and retirement plan obligations, projected working capital requirements, capital expenditures, quarterly cash dividends (if and when declared by our board) for at least the next 12 months. we believe that, after giving effect to the pending acquisition of broadcom, we will have sufficient cash on hand to operate our business and satisfy our current and assumed obligations.
we anticipate that our capital expenditures for fiscal year 2016 will be higher than for fiscal year 2015, due primarily to continued spending related to ongoing capacity expansion in our fort collins internal fabrication facility, as well as spending on renovating and outfitting our recently purchased internal fabrication facility in eugene, oregon and spending on equipment to support various research and development projects.
from time to time, we engage in discussions with third parties regarding potential acquisitions of, or investments in, businesses, technologies and product lines. any such transaction could require significant use of our cash and cash equivalents, or require us to borrow under our 2014 credit agreement or otherwise to fund the transaction. we could also reduce certain expenditures such as payment of our quarterly cash dividend. if we do not have sufficient cash to fund our operations or finance growth opportunities, including acquisitions, or unanticipated capital expenditures, our business and financial condition could suffer. in such circumstances we may also seek to obtain new debt or equity financing. however, we cannot assure you that such additional financing will be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. our ability to service any indebtedness we may incur, including under our 2014 credit agreement and related 2014 revolving credit facility, will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future.
net cash provided by operating activities                     $2,318                      $1,175               $722
operating activities net cash provided by operating activities during fiscal year 2015 was $2,318 million. the net cash provided by operating activities was principally due to net income of $1,364 million, non-cash charges of $1,120 million, and by changes in operating assets and liabilities of $166 million.
net cash provided by operating activities during fiscal year 2014 was $1,175 million. the net cash provided by operating activities was principally due to net income of $263 million, non-cash charges of $703 million, and by changes in operating assets and liabilities of $209 million.
net cash provided by operating activities during fiscal year 2013 was $722 million. the net cash provided by operating activities was principally due to net income of $552 million, non-cash charges of $239 million, and by changes in operating assets and liabilities of $69 million.
investing activities net cash used in investing activities for fiscal year 2015 was $241 million. the net cash used in investing activities principally related to the purchases of property, plant and equipment of $593 million, primarily in connection with the expansion of our internal manufacturing facilities in fort collins, colorado, and $394 million for the acquisition of emulex, partially offset by cash proceeds of $650 million from the sale of the axxia business and $110 million from sales of property, plant and equipment.
net cash used in investing activities for fiscal year 2014 was $5,885 million. the net cash used in investing activities principally related to the $5,664 million and $297 million for the acquisitions of lsi and plx, respectively, and purchases of property, plant and equipment of $409 million in connection with the expansion of our internal manufacturing facilities in fort
collins, colorado, partially offset by cash proceeds of $450 million from the sale of the flash business and $35 million from sales of equity investments.
net cash used in investing activities for fiscal year 2013 was $652 million. the net cash used in investing activities principally related to $373 million for the acquisition of cyoptics and purchases of property, plant and equipment of $236 million, primarily in connection with the expansion of our internal manufacturing facilities in fort collins, colorado.
financing activities net cash used in financing activities for fiscal year 2015 was $1,859 million. the net cash used in financing activities was principally due to debt repayments of $1,817 million and $408 million of dividends to shareholders, partially offset by $241 million received from the exercises of options and purchases of our ordinary shares by employees under our espp and an excess tax benefit of $125 million.
net cash provided by financing activities for fiscal year 2014 was $5,329 million. the net cash provided by financing activities was principally due to $4.6 billion from term loans under the 2014 credit agreement and $1 billion from the issuance of our convertible notes, as well as $124 million from the exercises of options, and purchases of our ordinary shares by employees under our espp and an excess tax benefit of $39 million. cash provided by financing activities was partially offset by $284 million of dividends to shareholders, $124 million paid for debt issuance costs and $12 million to repurchase and cancel 0.3 million ordinary shares under our 2013 share repurchase program.
net cash used in financing activities for fiscal year 2013 was $169 million. the net cash used in financing activities was principally due to $198 million of dividends to shareholders and $95 million to repurchase and cancel 2.6 million ordinary shares under our 2013 and 2012 share repurchase programs. this was partially offset by $101 million from the exercises of options, and purchases of our ordinary shares by employees under our espp.
accounts receivable increased to $1,019 million at the end of fiscal year 2015 from $782 million at the end of fiscal year 2014. accounts receivable days sales outstanding increased to 50 days at november 1, 2015 from 45 days at november 2, 2014, primarily due to timing of collections and linearity of revenue. the increase in accounts receivable dollars is also partially attributable to the acquisition of emulex.
inventory increased to $524 million at the end of fiscal year 2015 from $519 million at the end of fiscal year 2014. the number of days of inventory on hand decreased to 67 days at november 1, 2015 from 69 days at november 2, 2014. the increase in inventory dollars despite fewer days on hand was due primarily to the inclusion of emulex inventory.
assets-held-for-sale decreased to $22 million from the end of fiscal year 2014 due primarily to the sale of the axxia business that closed in fiscal year 2015.
other current assets increased to $388 million at the end of fiscal year 2015 from $302 million at the end of fiscal year 2014 primarily due to a $46 million increase in deferred income tax assets and a $46 million increase in value added tax receivable, partially offset by a $17 million decrease in other receivables.
accounts payable increased to $617 million at the end of fiscal year 2015 from $515 million at the end of fiscal year 2014 due to timing of disbursements, a higher volume of purchases to support the current year increase in revenue, and the acquisition of emulex.
employee compensation and benefits increased to $250 million at the end of fiscal year 2015 from $219 million at the end of fiscal year 2014, mainly due to the acquisition of emulex and strong fiscal year 2015 performance levels under our employee bonus program, and increased headcount, primarily from acquisitions.
other current liabilities decreased to $206 million at the end of fiscal year 2015 from $236 million at the end of fiscal year 2014, primarily due to a $26 million decrease in accrued liabilities, a $21 million decrease in deferred revenue, a $20 million decrease in deferred tax liabilities and other tax payables, and a $10 million decrease in restructuring accruals, partially offset by a $42 million increase in our value added tax payable, and the acquisition of emulex.
other long-term assets increased to $406 million at the end of fiscal year 2015 from $285 million at the end of fiscal year 2014 mainly due to a $199 million increase in long-term tax-related assets, partially offset by a $37 million decrease in receivables related to ip licensing, a $27 million decrease in debt issuance costs related to our term loans and our 2014 revolving credit facility.
other long-term liabilities increased to $381 million at the end of fiscal year 2015 from $263 million at the end of fiscal year 2014, mainly due to a $106 million increase in accrued tax liabilities, including deferred tax liabilities and other tax reserves, and the acquisition of emulex.
indebtedness term loans and revolving credit facility on may 6, 2014, avago technologies finance pte. ltd and certain subsidiaries of the company entered into the 2014 credit agreement. the 2014 credit agreement provides for term loans of $4.6 billion and the 2014 revolving credit facility, in an aggregate principal amount of up to $500 million, and swingline loans of up to $75 million and the issuance of letters of credit of up to $100 million, both of which reduce the amount that may be borrowed under the 2014 revolving credit facility. the term loans have a term of seven years and the 2014 revolving credit facility has a term of five years.
in march 2015, we made a $593 million principal prepayment on the term loans and, as a result, we wrote-off $13 million of debt issuance costs to other income, net in the consolidated statements of operations.
as of november 1, 2015, the outstanding balance of term loans was $3,949 million, with an effective interest rate of 4.15%. as of november 1, 2015, there were no borrowings outstanding under the 2014 revolving credit facility and outstanding letters of credit were not material. we were in compliance with the covenants described in the 2014 credit agreement as of november 1, 2015.
convertible senior notes on may 6, 2014, the company completed the private placement of $1 billion in aggregate principal amount of our convertible notes. the convertible notes were the company's unsecured senior obligations. interest was payable on the convertible notes, semi-annually in arrears, at a rate of 2.0% per year, and the convertible notes were scheduled to mature on august 15, 2021. pursuant to the indenture related to the convertible notes, or the indenture, upon conversion, the convertible notes could be settled in our ordinary shares, in cash or in a combination of cash and ordinary shares, at the company's option.
on june 1, 2015, the holders of all the outstanding convertible notes submitted to the company conversion notices exercising their right to convert all of the outstanding convertible notes. the company satisfied its resulting conversion obligation of $2.8 billion, by paying an aggregate of $1 billion in cash, representing the principal amount of the convertible notes, and delivering an aggregate of 13.8 million ordinary shares, pursuant to the terms of the indenture. the company recognized an immaterial gain related to the conversion of the convertible notes. see "note 7. borrowings" in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for more information on the conversion.
contractual commitments our cash flows from operations are dependent on a number of factors, including fluctuations in our operating results, accounts receivable collections, inventory management, and timing of payments. as a result, the impact of contractual obligations on our liquidity and capital resources in future periods should be analyzed in conjunction with such factors.
the following table sets forth our contractual obligations and commitments as of november 1, 2015 for the fiscal periods noted (in millions):
operating lease obligations(4)              $167               $31               $47                  $29          $60
(1)   represents principal, interest and commitment fees payable on borrowings and credit facilities under the 2014 credit agreement.
(2)   represents unconditional purchase obligations which include agreements to purchase goods or services, primarily inventory, that are enforceable and legally binding on us and that specify all significant terms, including fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased, fixed, minimum or variable price provisions and the approximate timing of the transaction. purchase obligations exclude agreements that are cancelable without penalty.
we also make capital expenditures from a variety of vendors in connection with the expansion of our fort collins, colorado internal fabrication facility. these purchases are typically conducted on a purchase order basis and the amount shown in the table includes $113 million of cancelable and non-cancelable outstanding purchase obligations under such purchase orders as of november 1, 2015.
under our take-or-pay agreement with smp, we have agreed to purchase 51% of the managed wafer capacity from smp's integrated circuit manufacturing facility. if we fail to purchase our required commitments, we will be required to pay smp for the fixed costs associated with the unpurchased wafers.
(3)   represents amounts payable pursuant to agreements related to outsourced information technology, human resources, financial infrastructure outsourcing services and other service agreements.
(4)   represents real property and equipment leased from third parties under non-cancelable operating leases.
(5)   represents our planned minimum contributions to pension plans assumed by us in connection with the lsi acquisition. although additional future contributions will be required, the amount and timing of these contributions will be affected by actuarial assumptions, the actual rate of return on plan assets, the level of market interest rates, legislative changes and the amount of voluntary contributions to the plans. the amount shown in the table represents our planned contributions to our pension plans within a year. because any contributions for fiscal year 2017 and later will depend on the value of the plan assets in the future and thus are uncertain, we have not included any amounts for fiscal year 2017 and beyond in the above table. see note 6 to our consolidated financial statements in item 8.
due to the inherent uncertainty with respect to the timing of future cash outflows associated with our unrecognized tax benefits at november 1, 2015, we are unable to reliably estimate the timing of cash settlement with the respective taxing authority. therefore, $317 million of unrecognized tax benefits and accrued interest classified as long-term income tax payable on our consolidated balance sheet as of november 1, 2015 have been excluded from the contractual obligations table above. in addition, the table above does not reflect increased debt obligations, increased interest expense, or ticking fees of approximately $47 million, associated with the debt we expect to incur in connection with the closing of the broadcom transaction.
off-balance sheet arrangements we had no material off-balance sheet arrangements at november 1, 2015 as defined in item 303(a)(4)(ii) of sec regulation s-k.
indemnifications as is customary in our industry and as provided for in local law in the united states and other jurisdictions, many of our standard contracts provide remedies to our customers and others with whom we enter into contracts, such as defense, settlement, or payment of judgment for intellectual property claims related to the use of our products. from time to time, we indemnify customers, as well as our suppliers, contractors, lessors, lessees, companies that purchase our businesses or assets and others with whom we enter into contracts, against combinations of loss, expense, or liability arising from various triggering events related to the sale and the use of our products, the use of their goods and services, the use of facilities and state of our owned facilities, the state of the assets and businesses that we sell and other matters covered by such contracts, usually up to a specified maximum amount. in addition, from time to time we also provide protection to these parties against claims related to undiscovered liabilities, additional product liability or environmental obligations. in our experience, claims made under such indemnifications are rare and the associated estimated fair value of the liability is not material.
accounting changes and recent accounting guidance for a description of accounting changes and recent accounting guidance, including the expected dates of adoption and estimated effects, if any, on our consolidated financial statements, see note 2. "summary of significant accounting policies" to consolidated financial statements of this annual report on form 10-k.