item 7.   management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
the following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the blackstone group l.p.’s consolidated financial statements and the related notes included within this annual report on form 10-k.
our business blackstone is one of the largest independent managers of private capital in the world. our business is organized into four segments:
•                                                          private equity. we are a world leader in private equity investing, having managed six general private equity funds, as well as two sector focused funds, since we established this business in 1987. we refer to these managed corporate private equity funds collectively as our blackstone capital partners (“bcp”) funds. our private equity segment also includes blackstone tactical opportunities (“tactical opportunities”), our opportunistic investment platform that invests globally across asset classes, industries and geographies, strategic partners fund solutions (“strategic partners”), a secondary private fund of funds business, blackstone total alternatives solution (“btas”), a new multi-asset investment program for eligible high net worth investors offering exposure to certain of blackstone’s key illiquid investment strategies through a single commitment, and our capital markets services business (“bxcm”). our corporate private equity business pursues transactions throughout the world across a variety of transaction types, including large buyouts, mid-cap buyouts, buy and build platforms (which involve multiple acquisitions behind a single management team and platform) and growth equity/development projects (which involve significant minority investments in mature companies and greenfield development projects in energy and power). tactical opportunities seeks to capitalize on time-sensitive, complex and dislocated market situations across asset classes, industries and geographies in a broad range of investments, including private and public securities, and instruments, where the underlying exposure may be to equity, debt, and/or real assets. strategic partners focuses on delivering access to a range of opportunities, leveraging its proprietary database to acquire single fund interests or complex portfolios in an efficient and timely manner.
•                                             real estate. since our start in 1991, we have become a world leader in real estate investing. we have managed or continue to manage a number of global, european and asian focused opportunistic real estate funds, several real estate debt investment vehicles, a nyse publicly traded real estate investment trust (“bxmt”) and several core+ real estate funds. we refer to our opportunistic real estate funds as our blackstone real estate partners (“brep”) funds, our real estate debt investment vehicles as our blackstone real estate debt strategies (“breds”) funds and our core+ real estate funds as our blackstone property partners (“bpp”) funds.
our brep funds are geographically diversified and target a broad range of “opportunistic” real estate and real estate related investments that are generally undermanaged assets with higher potential for equity appreciation. brep has made significant investments in lodging, office buildings, shopping centers, residential and a variety of real estate operating companies.
our breds’ vehicles target real estate debt related investment opportunities in the public and private markets, primarily in the united states and europe.
our bpp funds are geographically diversified and target substantially stabilized assets generating relatively stable cash flow with a focus on office, multifamily, industrial and retail assets in gateway markets.
•                                                      hedge fund solutions. blackstone’s hedge fund solutions segment is comprised principally of blackstone alternative asset management
(“baam”). baam is the world’s largest discretionary allocator to hedge funds, managing a broad range of commingled and customized hedge fund of fund solutions since its inception in 1990. the hedge fund solutions segment also includes investment
platforms that seed new hedge fund talent, purchase ownership interests in more established hedge funds, invest in special situation opportunities, create alternative solutions in regulated structures and trade long and short public equities.
•                                                             credit. our credit segment consists principally of gso capital partners lp (“gso”), a global leader in managing credit-focused products within private and public debt market strategies. gso’s products include senior credit-focused funds, mezzanine funds, distressed debt funds, general credit-focused funds, registered investment companies, separately managed accounts and collateralized loan obligation (“clo”) vehicles.
please see “— significant transactions” below for information regarding the previously reported financial advisory segment.
we generate revenue from fees earned pursuant to contractual arrangements with funds, fund investors and fund portfolio companies (including management, transaction and monitoring fees), and from capital markets services. we invest in the funds we manage and, in most cases, receive a preferred allocation of income (i.e., a carried interest) or an incentive fee from an investment fund in the event that specified cumulative investment returns are achieved (generally collectively referred to as “performance fees”). the composition of our revenues will vary based on market conditions and the cyclicality of the different businesses in which we operate. net investment gains and investment income generated by the blackstone funds, principally private equity and real estate funds, are driven by value created by our operating and strategic initiatives as well as overall market conditions. fair values are affected by changes in the fundamentals of the portfolio company, the portfolio company’s industry, the overall economy and other market conditions.
business environment blackstone’s businesses are materially affected by conditions in the financial markets and economic conditions in the u.s., europe, asia and, to a lesser extent, elsewhere in the world.
global equity indices were marked by high volatility during 2015, with the cboe volatility index reaching its highest levels since 2011. equity markets began 2015 on strong footing, but suffered declines in the second half of the year, as concerns about slowing growth in china and its implications for global economic growth, falling oil and commodity prices and central bank monetary policy began to weigh heavily on market sentiment. the trends had varying impacts on full-year equity market performance: the s&p 500 ended the year down 0.7%, the msci world index was down 2.7%, the ftse 100 was down 4.9%, and the hang seng down 7.2%; other indices had positive performance, including the nasdaq up 5.7%, euro stoxx 50 up 3.8%, the nikkei 225 up 9.1%.
signs of slowing chinese growth continued to emerge during 2015 and slowing momentum in the economy fed into chinese investor sentiment. at an official growth rate of 6.9%, china registered its slowest annual gdp growth rate in nearly 25 years. after the shanghai composite gained more than 50% to reach its all-time high in the first half of the year, it fell more than more than 30% in the second half of 2015, and ended the year up 9%. in an effort to boost the economy, the people’s bank of china enacted a number of stimulus measures during 2015, and seemed likely to continue these efforts in 2016. china also allowed the yuan to depreciate against the u.s. dollar and renewed the possibility it would move towards pegging the yuan against a basket of global currencies to give it greater flexibility to manage its monetary policy.
oil prices continued their downward trend in 2015, falling more than 30% and ending the year at $37 a barrel. resilient production in the u.s. and globally, ample existing supply, and reduced demand from key emerging economies, including china and india, were all contributing factors. u.s. retail gas prices fell to $2.00 a gallon, a six-year low, but the impact to overall consumer spending remained unclear. large energy producers reported sharp declines in earnings and spending cutbacks feeding into longer-term concerns for u.s. employment and job growth.
in addition to oil and gas, prices for other commodities also fell in 2015. the impact of falling commodity prices was felt particularly hard in many commodity-driven emerging market countries in 2015. a number of latin american currencies depreciated by double-digit percentages against the u.s. dollar, with the argentine peso and brazilian real each losing around half their value. many latin american equity indices also exhibited sharp declines, including the brazilian bovespa, which declined by more than 13% in 2015.
against the backdrop of growing global investor pessimism and energy sector weakness, the u.s. economy continued to show signs of strength overall in 2015. the u.s. continued to grow real gdp at over 2% and ended the year with 5.0% unemployment, its lowest level since early 2008. controlling for inflation, consumer spending held steady. in december 2015, the federal reserve raised interest rates from a target range of 0 to 0.25% to a range of 0.25% to 0.50% and stated intentions to raise rates at a “gradual” pace going forward while continuing to monitor economic conditions in the u.s. and globally. the rate increase ended a historic second year near-zero interest rate environment.
concerns about global growth prospects, liquidity, energy exposure and uncertainty on interest rates also weighed on credit markets. high yield spreads widened materially to nearly 750 basis points, an increase of almost 200 basis points, and high-yield issuance fell significantly in 2015. global equity capital market activity for both ipos and follow-ons fell significantly year-over-year, driven by declining u.s. and european volumes in the midst of heightened market volatility.
significant transactions on october 1, 2015, blackstone completed the previously-announced spin-off of the operations that have historically constituted blackstone’s financial advisory segment, other than blackstone’s capital markets services business. blackstone’s capital markets services business was retained and was not part of the spin-off. the financial and strategic advisory services, restructuring and reorganization advisory services and park hill group businesses were spun-off from blackstone and combined with pjt capital lp, an independent financial advisory firm founded by paul j. taubman, to form an independent, publicly traded company called pjt partners inc.
concurrently with the spin-off, the results attributable to the capital markets services business, bxcm, from its inception in the three months ended march 31, 2013 through the period ended september 30, 2015 were reclassified to the private equity segment. for periods after september 30, 2015, the recast financial advisory segment has no results of operations. the recast historical financial advisory segment includes financial and strategic advisory services, restructuring and reorganization services and fund placement services for alternative investment funds.
on october 1, 2015, blackstone formed a new holding partnership, blackstone holdings ai l.p., which will hold certain operating entities and operate in a manner similar to the existing blackstone holdings partnerships.
on may 19, 2015, blackstone issued €300 million in aggregate principal amount of 2.000% senior notes which will mature on may 19, 2025.
on april 27, 2015, blackstone issued $350 million in aggregate principal amount of 4.450% senior notes which will mature on july 15, 2045.
organizational structure the simplified diagram below depicts our organizational structure. the diagram does not depict all of our subsidiaries, including intermediate holding companies through which certain of the subsidiaries depicted are held.
(see “— significant transactions” above for additional information on our organizational structure.)
key financial measures and indicators we manage our business using traditional financial measures and key operating metrics since we believe these metrics measure the productivity of our investment activities. our key financial measures and indicators are discussed below.
revenues revenues primarily consist of management and advisory fees, performance fees, investment income, interest and dividend revenue and other. please refer to “part i. item 1. business — incentive arrangements / fee structure” and “— critical accounting policies — revenue recognition” for additional information regarding the manner in which base management fees and performance fees are generated.
management and advisory fees, net — management and advisory fees, net are comprised of management fees, including base management fees, transaction and other fees and advisory fees net of management fee reductions and offsets.
the partnership earns base management fees from limited partners of funds in each of its managed funds, at a fixed percentage of assets under management, net asset value, total assets, committed capital or invested capital, or in some cases, a fixed fee. base management fees are recognized based on contractual terms specified in the underlying investment advisory agreements.
transaction and other fees (including monitoring fees) are fees charged directly to managed funds and portfolio companies. the investment advisory agreements generally require that the investment adviser reduce the amount of management fees payable by the limited partners to the partnership (“management fee reductions”) by an amount equal to a portion of the transaction and other fees directly paid to the partnership by the portfolio companies. the amount of the reduction varies by fund, the type of fee paid by the portfolio company and the previously incurred expenses of the fund.
management fee offsets are reductions to management fees payable by the limited partners of the blackstone funds, which are granted based on the amount such limited partners reimburse the blackstone funds for placement fees.
advisory fees consist of advisory retainer and transaction-based fee arrangements related to financial and strategic advisory services, restructuring and reorganization advisory services, capital markets services and fund placement services for alternative investment funds. advisory retainer fees are recognized when services for the transactions are complete, in accordance with terms set forth in individual agreements. transaction-based fees are recognized when (a) there is evidence of an arrangement with a client, (b) agreed upon services have been provided, (c) fees are fixed or determinable, and (d) collection is reasonably assured. fund placement fees are recognized as earned upon the acceptance by a fund of capital or capital commitments.
accrued but unpaid management and advisory fees, net of management fee reductions and management fee offsets, as of the reporting date are included in accounts receivable or due from affiliates in the consolidated statements of financial condition. management fees paid by limited partners to the blackstone funds and passed on to blackstone are not considered affiliate revenues.
performance fees — performance fees earned on the performance of blackstone’s hedge fund structures (“incentive fees”) are recognized based on fund performance during the period, subject to the achievement of minimum return levels, or high water marks, in accordance with the respective terms set out in each hedge fund’s governing agreements. accrued but unpaid incentive fees charged directly to investors in blackstone’s offshore hedge funds as of the reporting date are recorded within due from affiliates in the consolidated statements of financial condition. accrued but unpaid incentive fees on onshore funds as of the reporting date are reflected in investments in the consolidated statements of financial condition. incentive fees are realized at the end of a measurement period, typically annually. once realized, such fees are not subject to clawback or reversal.
in certain fund structures, specifically in private equity, real estate and certain hedge fund solutions and credit-focused funds (“carry funds”), performance fees (“carried interest”) are allocated to the general partner based on cumulative fund performance to date, subject to a preferred return to limited partners. at the end of each reporting period, the partnership calculates the carried interest that would be due to the partnership for each fund, pursuant to the fund agreements, as if the fair value of the underlying investments were realized as of such date, irrespective of whether such amounts have been realized. as the fair value of underlying investments varies between reporting periods, it is necessary to make adjustments to amounts recorded as carried interest to reflect either (a) positive performance resulting in an increase in the carried interest allocated to the general partner or (b) negative performance that would cause the amount due to the partnership to be less than the amount previously recognized as revenue, resulting in a negative adjustment to carried interest allocated to the general partner. in each scenario, it is necessary to calculate the carried interest on cumulative results compared to the carried interest recorded to date and make the required positive or negative adjustments. the partnership ceases to record negative carried interest allocations once previously recognized carried interest allocations for such fund have been fully reversed. the partnership is not obligated to pay guaranteed returns or hurdles, and therefore, cannot have negative carried interest over the life of a fund. accrued but unpaid carried interest as of the reporting date is reflected in investments in the consolidated statements of financial condition.
carried interest is realized when an underlying investment is profitably disposed of and the fund’s cumulative returns are in excess of the preferred return or, in limited instances, after certain thresholds for return of capital are
met. carried interest is subject to clawback to the extent that the carried interest received to date exceeds the amount due to blackstone based on cumulative results. as such, the accrual for potential repayment of previously received carried interest, which is a component of due to affiliates, represents all amounts previously distributed to blackstone holdings and non-controlling interest holders that would need to be repaid to the blackstone funds if the blackstone carry funds were to be liquidated based on the current fair value of the underlying funds’ investments as of the reporting date. the actual clawback liability, however, generally does not become realized until the end of a fund’s life except for certain funds, including certain blackstone real estate funds, multi-asset class investment funds and credit-focused funds, which may have an interim clawback liability.
investment income (loss) — investment income (loss) represents the unrealized and realized gains and losses on the partnership’s principal investments, including its investments in blackstone funds that are not consolidated, its equity method investments, and other principal investments. investment income (loss) is realized when the partnership redeems all or a portion of its investment or when the partnership receives cash income, such as dividends or distributions. unrealized investment income (loss) results from changes in the fair value of the underlying investment as well as the reversal of unrealized gain (loss) at the time an investment is realized.
other revenue — other revenue consists of miscellaneous income and foreign exchange gains and losses arising on transactions denominated in currencies other than u.s. dollars.
expenses compensation and benefits — compensation — compensation and benefits consists of (a) employee compensation, comprising salary and bonus, and benefits paid and payable to employees and senior managing directors and (b) equity-based compensation associated with the grants of equity-based awards to employees and senior managing directors. compensation cost relating to the issuance of equity-based awards to senior managing directors and employees is measured at fair value at the grant date, taking into consideration expected forfeitures, and expensed over the vesting period on a straight-line basis, except in the case of (a) equity-based awards that do not require future service, which are expensed immediately and (b) certain awards to recipients that meet specified criteria making them eligible for retirement treatment (allowing such recipient to keep a percentage of those awards upon departure from blackstone after becoming eligible for retirement), for which the expense for the portion of the award that would be retained in the event of retirement is either expensed immediately or amortized to the retirement date. cash settled equity-based awards are classified as liabilities and are remeasured at the end of each reporting period.
compensation and benefits — performance fee — performance fee compensation consists of carried interest (which may be distributed in cash or in-kind) and incentive fee allocations, and may in future periods also include allocations of investment income from blackstone’s firm investments, to employees and senior managing directors participating in certain profit sharing initiatives. such compensation expense is subject to both positive and negative adjustments. unlike carried interest and incentive fees, compensation expense is based on the performance of individual investments held by a fund rather than on a fund by fund basis. compensation received from advisory clients in the form of securities of such clients may also be allocated to employees and senior managing directors.
other operating expenses — other operating expenses represents general and administrative expenses including interest expense, occupancy and equipment expenses and other expenses, which consist principally of professional fees, public company costs, travel and related expenses, communications and information services and depreciation and amortization.
fund expenses — the expenses of our consolidated blackstone funds consist primarily of interest expense, professional fees and other third party expenses.
non-controlling interests in consolidated entities non-controlling interests in consolidated entities represent the component of partners’ capital in consolidated blackstone funds held by third party investors and employees. the percentage interests held by third parties and employees is adjusted for general partner allocations and by subscriptions and redemptions in funds of hedge funds and certain credit-focused funds which occur during the reporting period. in addition, all non-controlling interests in consolidated blackstone funds are attributed a share of income (loss) arising from the respective funds and a share of other comprehensive income, if applicable. income (loss) is allocated to non-controlling interests in consolidated entities based on the relative ownership interests of third party investors and employees after considering any contractual arrangements that govern the allocation of income (loss) such as fees allocable to the blackstone group l.p.
redeemable non-controlling interests in consolidated entities non-controlling interests related to funds of hedge funds and certain other credit-focused funds are subject to annual, semi-annual or quarterly redemption by investors in these funds following the expiration of a specified period of time, or may be withdrawn subject to a redemption fee in the funds of hedge funds and certain credit-focused funds during the period when capital may not be withdrawn. as limited partners in these types of funds have been granted redemption rights, amounts relating to third party interests in such consolidated funds are presented as redeemable non-controlling interests in consolidated entities within the consolidated statements of financial condition. when redeemable amounts become legally payable to investors, they are classified as a liability and included in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities in the consolidated statements of financial condition. for all consolidated funds in which redemption rights have not been granted, non-controlling interests are presented within partners’ capital in the consolidated statements of financial condition as non-controlling interests in consolidated entities.
non-controlling interests in blackstone holdings non-controlling interests in blackstone holdings represent the component of partners’ capital in the consolidated blackstone holdings partnerships held by blackstone personnel and others who are limited partners of the blackstone holdings partnerships.
certain costs and expenses are borne directly by the holdings partnerships. income (loss), excluding those costs directly borne by and attributable to the holdings partnerships, is attributable to non-controlling interests in blackstone holdings. this residual attribution is based on the year to date average percentage of blackstone holdings partnership units held by blackstone personnel and others who are limited partners of the blackstone holdings partnerships.
income taxes the blackstone holdings partnerships and certain of their subsidiaries operate in the u.s. as partnerships for u.s. federal income tax purposes and generally as corporate entities in non-u.s. jurisdictions. accordingly, these entities in some cases are subject to new york city unincorporated business taxes or non-u.s. income taxes. in addition, certain of the wholly owned subsidiaries of the partnership and the blackstone holdings partnerships will be subject to federal, state and local corporate income taxes at the entity level and the related tax provision attributable to the partnership’s share of this income tax is reflected in the consolidated financial statements.
income taxes are accounted for using the asset and liability method of accounting. under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax consequences of differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis, using tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. the effect on deferred assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period when the change is enacted. deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when
it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. current and deferred tax liabilities are recorded within accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities in the consolidated statements of financial condition.
blackstone uses the flow-through method to account for investment tax credits. under this method, the investment tax credits are recognized as a reduction to income tax expense.
blackstone analyzes its tax filing positions in all of the u.s. federal, state, local and foreign tax jurisdictions where it is required to file income tax returns, as well as for all open tax years in these jurisdictions. blackstone records uncertain tax positions on the basis of a two-step process: (a) a determination is made whether it is more likely than not that the tax positions will be sustained based on the technical merits of the position and (b) those tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not threshold are recognized as the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement with the related tax authority. blackstone recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in general, administrative, and other expenses within the consolidated statements of operations.
there remains some uncertainty regarding blackstone’s future taxation levels. over the past several years, a number of legislative and administrative proposals to change the taxation of carried interest have been introduced and, in certain cases, have been passed by the u.s. house of representatives that would have, in general, treated income and gains, including gain on sale, attributable to an investment services partnership interest, or “ispi,” as income subject to a new blended tax rate that is higher than the capital gains rate applicable to such income under current law, except to the extent such ispi would have been considered under the legislation to be a qualified capital interest. our common units and the interests that we hold in entities that are entitled to receive carried interest would likely have been classified as ispis for purposes of this legislation. it is unclear whether or when the u.s. congress will pass such legislation or what provisions will be included in any final legislation if enacted.
some legislative proposals have provided that, for taxable years beginning ten years after the date of enactment, income derived with respect to an ispi that is not a qualified capital interest and that is subject to the foregoing rules would not meet the qualifying income requirements under the publicly traded partnership rules. therefore, if similar legislation were to be enacted, following such ten-year period, we would be precluded from qualifying as a partnership for u.s. federal income tax purposes or be required to hold all such ispis through corporations.
the obama administration has made similar proposals that would tax income and gain, including gain on sale, attributable to an ispi at ordinary rates, with an exception for certain qualified capital interests. the proposals would also characterize certain income and gain in respect of ispis as non-qualifying income under the tax rules applicable to publicly traded partnerships after a ten-year transition period from the effective date, with an exception for certain qualified capital interests. the obama administration proposed similar changes in its published revenue proposals for 2015 and prior years.
states and other jurisdictions have also considered legislation to increase taxes with respect to carried interest. for example, new york has considered legislation, which could have caused a non-resident of new york who holds our common units to be subject to new york state income tax on carried interest earned by entities in which we hold an indirect interest, thereby requiring the non-resident to file a new york state income tax return reporting such carried interest income. it is unclear whether or when similar legislation will be enacted. finally, several state and local jurisdictions have evaluated ways to subject partnerships to entity level taxation through the imposition of state or local income, franchise or other forms of taxation or to increase the amount of such taxation.
if we were taxed as a corporation or were forced to hold interests in entities earning income from carried interest through taxable subsidiary corporations, our effective tax rate could increase significantly. the federal statutory rate for corporations is currently 35%, and the state and local tax rates, net of the federal benefit, aggregate approximately 5%. if a variation of the above described legislation or any other change in the tax laws, rules,
regulations or interpretations preclude us from qualifying for treatment as a partnership for u.s. federal income tax purposes under the publicly traded partnership rules or force us to hold interests in entities earning income from carried interest through taxable subsidiary corporations, this could materially increase our tax liability, and could well result in a reduction in the market price of our common units.
it is not possible at this time to meaningfully quantify the potential impact on blackstone of this potential future legislation or any similar legislation. multiple versions of legislation in this area have been proposed over the last few years that have included significantly different provisions regarding effective dates and the treatment of invested capital, tiered entities and cross-border operations, among other matters. depending upon what version of the legislation, if any, were enacted, the potential impact on a public company such as blackstone in a given year could differ dramatically and could be material. in addition, these legislative proposals would not themselves impose a tax on a publicly traded partnership such as blackstone. rather, they could force blackstone and other publicly traded partnerships to restructure their operations so as to prevent disqualifying income from reaching the publicly traded partnership in amounts that would disqualify the partnership from treatment as a partnership for u.s. federal income tax purposes. such a restructuring could result in more income being earned in corporate subsidiaries, thereby increasing corporate income tax liability indirectly borne by the publicly traded partnership. in addition, we, and our common unitholders, could be taxed on any such restructuring. the nature of any such restructuring would depend on the precise provisions of the legislation that was ultimately enacted, as well as the particular facts and circumstances of blackstone’s operations at the time any such legislation were to take effect, making the task of predicting the amount of additional tax highly speculative.
the obama administration has announced other proposals for potential reform to the u.s. federal income tax rules for businesses, including reducing the deductibility of interest for corporations, reducing the top marginal rate on corporations and subjecting entities currently treated as partnerships for tax purposes to an entity level income tax similar to the corporate income tax. several proposals for reform if enacted could adversely affect us. it is unclear what any actual legislation would provide, when it would be proposed or what its prospects for enactment would be.
other proposals by members of congress have contemplated the migration of the united states from a “worldwide” system of taxation, pursuant to which u.s. corporations are taxed on their worldwide income, to a territorial system where u.s. corporations are taxed only on their u.s. source income (subject to certain exceptions for income derived in low-tax jurisdictions from the exploitation of tangible assets) at a top corporate tax rate that would be 25%. such proposals include revenue raisers to offset the reduction in the tax rate and base which may or may not be detrimental to us. a variation of this proposal completes a similar territorial u.s. tax system, but with more expansive u.s. taxation of the foreign profits of non-u.s. subsidiaries of u.s. corporations. such proposal would also eliminate the withholding tax exemption on portfolio interest debt obligations for investors residing in non-treaty jurisdictions. speaker of the house paul ryan has also identified comprehensive tax reform as a priority for the next congress. furthermore, recent legislation has proposed audit procedure adjustments that could affect large partnerships like us. whether these proposals will be enacted by the government and in what form is unknown, as are the ultimate consequences of the proposed legislation.
economic income blackstone uses economic income (“ei”) as a key measure of value creation, a benchmark of its performance and in making resource deployment and compensation decisions across its four segments. ei represents segment net income before taxes excluding transaction-related charges. transaction-related charges arise from blackstone’s ipo and long-term retention programs outside of annual deferred compensation and other corporate actions, including acquisitions. transaction-related charges include equity-based compensation charges, the amortization of intangible assets and contingent consideration associated with acquisitions. ei presents revenues and expenses on a basis that deconsolidates the investment funds blackstone manages. economic net income (“eni”) represents ei adjusted to include current period taxes. taxes represent the current tax provision (benefit) calculated on income (loss) before provision for taxes. ei, our principal segment measure, is derived from and reconciled to, but not equivalent to, its
most directly comparable gaap measure of income (loss) before provision for taxes. (see note 21. “segment reporting” in the “notes to consolidated financial statements” in “— item 8. financial statements and supplementary data”.)
fee related earnings blackstone uses fee related earnings (“fre”), which is derived from ei, as a measure to highlight earnings from operations excluding: (a) the income related to performance fees and related carry plan costs and (b) income earned from blackstone’s investments in the blackstone funds. management uses fre as a measure to assess whether recurring revenue from our businesses is sufficient to adequately cover all of our operating expenses and generate profits. fre equals contractual fee revenues, less (a) compensation expenses (which includes amortization of non-ipo and non-acquisition-related equity-based awards, but excludes amortization of ipo and acquisition-related equity-based awards, carried interest and incentive fee compensation) and (b) non-interest operating expenses. see “— liquidity and capital resources — sources of liquidity” below for our discussion of fre.
effective january 1, 2015 blackstone redefined fre to exclude interest income and dividend revenue, interest expense and investment income (loss) — blackstone treasury cash management strategies. all previously reported periods have been conformed to the new definition.
distributable earnings distributable earnings, which is derived from our segment reported results, is a supplemental measure to assess performance and amounts available for distributions to blackstone unitholders, including blackstone personnel and others who are limited partners of the blackstone holdings partnerships. distributable earnings, which is a measure not prepared under gaap (a “non-gaap” measure), is intended to show the amount of net realized earnings without the effects of the consolidation of the blackstone funds. distributable earnings is derived from and reconciled to, but not equivalent to, its most directly comparable gaap measure of income (loss) before provision for taxes. see “— liquidity and capital resources — sources of liquidity” below for our discussion of distributable earnings.
distributable earnings, which is a component of economic net income, is the sum across all segments of: (a) total management and advisory fees, (b) interest and dividend revenue, (c) other revenue, (d) realized performance fees, and (e) realized investment income (loss); less (a) compensation, excluding the expense of equity-based awards, (b) realized performance fee compensation, (c) other operating expenses, and (d) taxes and payables under the tax receivable agreement.
as a result of the redefinition of fre noted above, effective january 1, 2015, distributable earnings was redefined to exclude unrealized investment income (loss) — blackstone treasury cash management strategies. all previously reported periods have been conformed to the new definition.
adjusted earnings before interest, taxes and depreciation and amortization adjusted earnings before interest, taxes and depreciation and amortization (“adjusted ebitda”), is a supplemental non-gaap measure derived from our segment reported results and may be used to assess our ability to service our borrowings. adjusted ebitda represents distributable earnings plus the addition of (a) interest expense, (b) taxes and related payables including payable under tax receivable agreement, and (c) depreciation and amortization. see “— liquidity and capital resources — sources of liquidity” below for our calculation of adjusted ebitda.
summary walkdown of gaap to non-gaap financial metrics the relationship of our gaap to non-gaap financial measures is presented in the summary walkdown below. the summary walkdown shows how each non-gaap financial measure is related to the other non-gaap financial measures. this presentation is not meant to be a detailed calculation of each measure, but to show the relationship between the
measures. for the calculation of each of these non-gaap financial measures and a full reconciliation of income before provision for taxes to distributable earnings, please see “— liquidity and capital resources — sources of liquidity.”
operating metrics the alternative asset management business is a complex business that is primarily based on managing third party capital and does not require substantial capital investment to support rapid growth. however, there also can be volatility associated with its earnings and cash flows. since our inception, we have developed and used various key operating metrics to assess and monitor the operating performance of our various alternative asset management businesses in order to monitor the effectiveness of our value creating strategies.
assets under management. assets under management refers to the assets we manage. our assets under management equals the sum of:
(a)   the fair value of the investments held by our carry funds and our side-by-side and co-investment entities managed by us, plus the capital that we are entitled to call from investors in those funds and entities
pursuant to the terms of their respective capital commitments, including capital commitments to funds that have yet to commence their investment periods,
(b)   the net asset value of our funds of hedge funds, hedge funds and certain registered investment companies,
(c)   the invested capital or fair value of assets we manage pursuant to separately managed accounts,
(d)   the amount of debt and equity outstanding for our clos and cdos during the reinvestment period,
(e)   the aggregate par amount of collateral assets, including principal cash, for our clos and cdos after the reinvestment period,
(f)   the gross amount of assets (including leverage) for certain of our credit-focused registered investment companies, and
(g)   the fair value of common stock, preferred stock, convertible debt, or similar instruments issued by our public reit.
our carry funds are commitment-based drawdown structured funds that do not permit investors to redeem their interests at their election. our funds of hedge funds and hedge funds generally have structures that afford an investor the right to withdraw or redeem their interests on a periodic basis (for example, annually or quarterly), in most cases upon advance written notice, with the majority of our funds requiring from 60 days up to 95 days’ notice, depending on the fund and the liquidity profile of the underlying assets. investment advisory agreements related to separately managed accounts may generally be terminated by an investor on 30 to 90 days’ notice.
fee-earning assets under management. fee-earning assets under management refers to the assets we manage on which we derive management and/or performance fees. our fee-earning assets under management equals the sum of:
(a)   for our private equity segment funds and real estate segment carry funds including certain real estate debt investment funds and certain of our hedge fund solutions funds, the amount of capital commitments, remaining invested capital, fair value or par value of assets held, depending on the fee terms of the fund,
(b)   for our credit-focused carry funds, the amount of remaining invested capital (which may include leverage) or net asset value, depending on the fee terms of the fund,
(c)   the remaining invested capital of co-investments managed by us on which we receive fees,
(d)   the net asset value of our funds of hedge funds, hedge funds and certain registered investment companies,
(e)   the invested capital or fair value of assets we manage pursuant to separately managed accounts,
(f)   the net proceeds received from equity offerings and accumulated core earnings of our reits, subject to certain adjustments,
(g)   the aggregate par amount of collateral assets, including principal cash, of our clos and cdos, and
(h)   the gross amount of assets (including leverage) for certain of our credit-focused registered investment companies.
our calculations of assets under management and fee-earning assets under management may differ from the calculations of other asset managers, and as a result this measure may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other asset managers. in addition, our calculation of assets under management includes commitments to, and the fair value of, invested capital in our funds from blackstone and our personnel, regardless of whether such commitments or invested capital are subject to fees. our definitions of assets under management or fee-earning assets under management are not based on any definition of assets under management or fee-earning assets under management that is set forth in the agreements governing the investment funds that we manage.
for our carry funds, total assets under management includes the fair value of the investments held, whereas fee-earning assets under management includes the amount of capital commitments, the remaining amount of invested capital at cost depending on whether the investment period has or has not expired or the fee terms of the fund. as such, fee-earning assets under management may be greater than total assets under management when the aggregate fair value of the remaining investments is less than the cost of those investments.
limited partner capital invested. limited partner capital invested represents the amount of limited partner capital commitments which were invested by our carry and drawdown funds during each period presented, plus the capital invested through co-investments arranged by us that were made by limited partners in investments of our carry funds on which we receive fees or a carried interest allocation or incentive fee.
the amount of committed undrawn capital available for investment, including general partner and employee commitments, is known as dry powder and is an indicator of the capital we have available for future investments.
financial highlights the following charts highlight certain financial metrics(a):
(a)                                   total revenues represents the total segment amounts. net realized performance fees represents total segment performance fees for realized carried interest and realized incentive fees less performance fee compensation for realized carried interest and realized incentive fees. see note 21. “segment reporting” in the “notes to consolidated financial statements” in “— item 8. financial statements and supplementary data” of this filing. for the components of distributable earnings and fee related earnings, see the reconciliation of fee related earnings, distributable earnings and economic net income at “— liquidity and capital resources — sources of liquidity” below. for total and fee-earning assets under management, see “— consolidated results of operations — operating metrics” below.
consolidated results of operations following is a discussion of our consolidated results of operations for each of the years in the three year period ended december 31, 2015. for a more detailed discussion of the factors that affected the results of our four business segments (which are presented on a basis that deconsolidates the investment funds we manage) in these periods, see “— segment analysis” below.
please see “— significant transactions” above for important information regarding the previously reported financial advisory segment.
the following table sets forth information regarding our consolidated results of operations and certain key operating metrics for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013:
revenues management and advisory fees, net                                                               $2,542,505                    $2,497,252                    $2,193,985          $45,253                              2   %              $303,267                    14   %
performance fees realized carried interest                                                                                 3,205,290                     2,450,082                       943,958                    755,208                   31   %             1,506,124                   160   %
total performance fees                                                                           1,796,666                     4,374,262                     3,544,057                 (2,577,596   )              -59   %               830,205                    23   %
expenses compensation and benefits compensation                                                                                     1,726,191                     1,868,868                     1,844,485                   (142,677   )               -8   %                24,383                     1   %
performance fee compensation realized carried interest                                                                                   793,801                       815,643                       257,201                    (21,842   )               -3   %               558,442                   217   %
total compensation and benefits                                                                  2,290,751                     3,154,371                     3,257,667                   (863,620   )              -27   %              (103,296   )                -3   %
other income reversal of tax receivable agreement liability                                                      82,707                             —                        20,469                     82,707                  n/m                   (20,469   )              -100   %
(a)   the amounts reported for the year ended december 31, 2015 reflect an adjustment from those reported in our earnings release dated january 28, 2016.
revenues total revenues were $4.6 billion for the year ended december 31, 2015, a decrease of $2.8 billion, or 38%, compared to $7.5 billion for the year ended december 31, 2014. the decrease was primarily attributable to decreases in performance fees and investment income of $2.6 billion and $329.4 million, respectively.
during 2015, the operating environment for equity and credit investing was characterized by concerns related to macroeconomic developments, including the economic outlook in china and the united states, as well as significantly lower global equity prices, widening high-yield credit spreads and declining energy prices. the decline in equity markets and turbulence in the credit markets adversely impacted our performance fees and investment income relative to 2014. the lower rate of fund appreciation in 2015 relative to 2014 was due, in significant part, to the declines in our publicly-traded portfolio companies in the second half, particularly in lodging and energy. to a lesser extent, the results were impacted by certain unrealized markdowns in energy and credit and currency translation effects on some our non-u.s. holdings. growth in global gross domestic product slowed in 2015 and resulted in a slowdown of certain sectors and regions in our global portfolio. if macroeconomic conditions were to deteriorate in the future with a resulting decline in our fund investments, our revenues would likely be negatively impacted. see “— segment analysis” below for further information about material trends and uncertainties that may impact our results of operations.
performance fees, which are determined on a fund by fund basis, were $1.8 billion for the year ended december 31, 2015, a decrease of $2.6 billion compared to $4.4 billion for the year ended december 31, 2014. the decrease in performance fees was primarily due to decreases in our private equity, real estate, and credit segments of $1.2 billion, $1.0 billion and $270.4 million, respectively. the decrease in our private equity segment was principally due to lower net returns in our corporate private equity portfolio, despite overall solid net performance. performance fees in our real estate segment decreased due to a year over year decrease in the net appreciation of investments in our brep carry funds from 20.9% to 9.7%. for the year ended december 31, 2015, the increase in carrying value of assets for blackstone’s contributed real estate opportunistic funds was driven by sustained strong operating fundamentals in the private portfolio resulting in appreciation of 16.6%, offset by public portfolio depreciation of 8.6%, particularly in lodging. performance fees decreased in our credit segment due to our energy investments, overall declines in the credit market, underperformance in certain event-driven assets and technical pressure caused by year end selling.
investment income was $204.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, a decrease of $329.4 million compared to $534.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. the decrease in investment income was primarily due to decreases in our real estate and private equity segments of $246.5 million and $105.5 million, respectively. the decrease in our real estate segment was primarily due to a year over year net depreciation of investments in our brep vi fund. blackstone has a larger investment in brep vi than in other brep funds. the decrease in our private equity segment was driven by our bcp v and bcp vi funds which generated strong net returns of 8.1% and 7.9%, respectively, for the year but were slightly lower than the returns generated in the full year 2014 mainly as a result of the lower returns in our public portfolio and certain investment markdowns in energy.
expenses expenses were $3.1 billion for the year ended december 31, 2015, a decrease of $765.0 million compared to $3.9 billion for the year ended december 31, 2014. the decrease was primarily attributable to decreases in performance fee compensation and compensation of $720.9 million and $142.7 million, respectively, partially offset by increases of $49.0 million and $23.0 million in fund expenses and interest expense, respectively. performance fee compensation is derived from performance fee revenue. the decrease in performance fee compensation was due to the decrease in performance fee revenue. the decrease in compensation was primarily due to lower equity-based compensation expense related to awards granted in connection with blackstone’s ipo,
which were fully vested and expensed as of june 30, 2015 and an overall decrease in headcount driven by the october 1, 2015 spin-off of blackstone’s financial advisory business. the decrease was partially offset by an increase in equity-based amortization charges due to the 2014 change in terms of deferred compensation plan awards which require future service and are therefore expensed over the service period. the increase in general, administrative and other was primarily due to transactional charges associated with the spin-off, non-recurring costs related to the sec settlement, occupancy increases and business development costs. due to the spin-off, partially offsetting these increases was a reduction in expenses directly incurred by the advisory business. the $23.0 million increase in interest expense was primarily related to blackstone’s issuance of senior notes in the second quarter of 2015. the increase in fund expenses primarily occurred in our credit segment, where it was attributable to newly launched clos and an increase in other expenses.
revenues total revenues were $7.5 billion for the year ended december 31, 2014, an increase of $871.6 million, or 13%, compared to $6.6 billion for the year ended december 31, 2013. the increase was primarily attributable to increases in performance fees and management and advisory fees, net of $830.2 million and $303.3 million, respectively. these increases were partially offset by a decrease in investment income of $266.3 million.
performance fees, which are determined on a fund by fund basis, were $4.4 billion for the year ended december 31, 2014, an increase of $830.2 million compared to $3.5 billion for the year ended december 31, 2013. the increase in performance fees was primarily driven by increases in our private equity segment of $1.2 billion, principally due to performance in our bcp v and bcp vi funds, which generated net returns of 24% and 18%, respectively, with bcp v crossing its preferred return threshold during the period. performance fees in our real estate segment decreased by $137.8 million to $2.0 billion due to a year over year decrease in the net appreciation of investments in our brep carry funds from 31.3% to 20.9%. for the year ended december 31, 2014, the increase in carrying value of assets for blackstone’s contributed real estate funds, including fee-paying co-investments, was driven by sustained strong operating fundamentals in the private portfolio (23.2%, $8.8 billion) and public portfolio appreciation (17.0%, $3.7 billion). performance fees decreased by $75.8 million in our hedge fund solutions segment due to lower returns. performance fees decreased by $199.9 million in our credit segment due to challenging market conditions for lower rated credits in our hedge fund strategies business and a lower rate of appreciation in our rescue lending business.
total management and advisory fees, net were $2.5 billion for the year ended december 31, 2014, an increase of $303.3 million compared to $2.2 billion for the year ended december 31, 2013. the increase in management and advisory fees, net was due to increases in our hedge fund solutions segment of $72.0 million, our private equity segment of $71.9 million, our real estate segment of $63.6 million, and our credit segment of $63.8 million. the increase in our hedge fund solutions segment was primarily due to an increase in fee-earning assets under management. the increase in our private equity segment was primarily due to the increase in the funds raised for our tactical opportunities investment vehicles and strategic partners secondary private fund of funds business as well as the inclusion of the strategic partners management fees for the full year. the increase in our real estate segment was principally due to fees generated from fundraising within brep europe iv, brep asia, bpp and invested capital within breds, partially offset by the expiration of brep v and realizations across the portfolio. the increase in our credit segment was driven by the incremental capital raised for our hedge fund strategies business and business development companies.
investment income was $534.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, a decrease of $266.3 million compared to $800.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. the decrease in investment income was primarily due to decreases in our real estate and private equity segments of $152.4 million and $71.0 million, respectively. the decrease in our real estate segment was due to a year over year decrease in the net appreciation of investments in our brep vi fund. blackstone has a larger investment in brep vi than in other brep funds. the decrease in our private equity segment was driven by our bcp v and bep funds which generated strong net returns of 24% and 12%, respectively, for the year but were slightly lower than the returns generated in the full year 2013.
expenses expenses were $3.9 billion for the year ended december 31, 2014, a decrease of $10.9 million compared to $3.9 billion for the year ended december 31, 2013. the decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease in performance fee compensation of $127.7 million, partially offset by increases of $75.0 million, $24.4 million and $13.6 million, respectively, in general, administrative and other, compensation and interest expense. the decrease in performance fee compensation was due to lower compensation ratios on performance fee revenue and pre-ipo deals. a significant amount of the performance fees granted to employees on deals closed prior to the ipo were exchanged for units of blackstone at the time of the ipo. therefore, for these pre-ipo deals, blackstone retains significantly more of the performance fees that it earns than it does for deals closed after the ipo. this results in lower performance fee compensation for pre-ipo deals. the $75.0 million increase in general, administrative and other was primarily due to spin-off transaction related charges, professional fees, occupancy increases and business development costs. the $24.4 million increase in compensation was due to an overall increase in revenue, on which compensation is based, offset by lower equity-based amortization charges on our transaction-related awards and a reduction of compensation expense due to a change in the terms of deferred compensation plan awards which require future service and are therefore no longer expensed immediately. this resulted in $102.6 million less compensation recorded in the fourth quarter of 2014 than would have been recorded under the prior plan. the $13.6 million increase in interest expense was primarily related to blackstone’s issuance of senior notes during the second quarter of 2014.
other income other income — net gains from fund investment activities is attributable to the consolidated blackstone funds which are largely held by third party investors. as such, most of this other income was eliminated from the results attributable to the blackstone group l.p. through the redeemable non-controlling interests and non-controlling interests items in the consolidated statements of operations.
other income was $259.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, a decrease of $98.8 million compared to $357.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. the decrease was due to a decrease in net gains from fund investment activities of $181.5 million, partially offset by an increase due to a reversal of tax receivable agreement liability of $82.7 million.
other income — net gains from fund investment activities was $176.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, a decrease of $181.5 million compared to $357.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. this decrease was primarily comprised of decreases in our real estate, hedge fund solutions and private equity segments of $148.3 million, $73.8 million and $62.0 million, respectively, partially offset by an increase of $102.7 million in our credit segment. the real estate decrease was primarily the result of the deconsolidation of certain funds as well as a year over year net decreases in the appreciation of investments across our funds. the decrease in our hedge fund solutions segment was primarily the result of a decrease in investment performance and the deconsolidation of a number of funds. the decrease in our private equity segment was primarily due to the lower unrealized gains compared to the same period in 2014. the increase in our credit segment was primarily due to lower valuations on the liabilities of certain consolidated clo vehicles, which led to increases in unrealized gains.
for the year ended december 31, 2015, there was a reversal of tax receivable agreement liability resulting in an increase of $82.7 million.
other income was $357.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, a decrease of $44.3 million compared to $402.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. the decrease was comprised of decreases in net gains from fund investment activities of $23.8 million and reversal of tax receivable agreement liability of $20.5 million.
other income — net gains from fund investment activities was $357.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, a decrease of $23.8 million compared to $381.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. this decrease was primarily comprised of decreases in our hedge fund solutions and private equity segments of $99.4 million and $25.0 million, respectively, partially offset by increases of $40.7 million and $39.4 million in our real estate and credit segments, respectively. the decrease in our hedge fund solutions segment was primarily the result of a decrease in investment performance from certain of our consolidated funds. the real estate increase was driven by valuation gains on investments across our global real estate funds. the increase in our credit segment was primarily due to lower valuations on the liabilities of certain consolidated clo vehicles, which led to increases in unrealized gains.
for the year ended december 31, 2014, there was no reversal of tax receivable agreement liability resulting in a decrease of $20.5 million.
provision for taxes blackstone’s provision for taxes for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 was $190.4 million, $291.2 million and $255.6 million, respectively. this resulted in an effective tax rate of 10.5%, 7.3% and 8.1%, respectively, based on our income before provision for taxes of $1.8 billion, $4.0 billion and $3.1 billion, respectively.
the primary factor that contributed to the 3.2% increase in the effective tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014 is that pre-tax book income includes $1.2 billion for 2015 and $3.3 billion for 2014 of pre-tax income that is passed through to common unitholders and non-controlling interest holders and is not subject to tax by the partnership and its subsidiaries. this resulted in a 6.4% increase to the effective tax rate in 2015 compared to 2014, which is partially offset by a 3.5% decrease to the effective tax rate when comparing 2015 to 2014 resulting from increased interest expense.
the primary factor that contributed to the 0.8% decrease in the effective tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013 is the amount that book equity-based compensation expense exceeded the tax deductible equity-based compensation expense due to the issuance of units that are not tax deductible since they represent a value for value exchange for tax purposes. although this amount did not change significantly in 2014 compared to 2013, pre-tax book income was significantly higher in 2014 than 2013 resulting in a decrease to the effective rate of 0.5% when comparing 2014 to 2013.
all factors except for the reversal of the deferred tax asset are expected to impact the effective tax rate for future years.
additional information regarding our income taxes can be found in note 14. “income taxes” in the “notes to consolidated financial statements” in “— item 8. financial statements and supplementary data” of this filing.
non-controlling interests in consolidated entities the net income attributable to redeemable non-controlling interests in consolidated entities and net income attributable to non-controlling interests in consolidated entities is attributable to the consolidated blackstone funds. the amounts of these items vary directly with the performance of the consolidated blackstone funds and largely eliminate the amount of other income — net gains from fund investment activities from the net income (loss) attributable to the blackstone group l.p.
net income attributable to non-controlling interests in blackstone holdings is derived from the income before provision for taxes, excluding the net gains from fund investment activities and the reversal of tax receivable agreement liability, and the percentage allocation of the income between blackstone holdings and the blackstone group l.p. after considering any contractual arrangements that govern the allocation of income (loss) such as fees allocable to the blackstone group l.p.
for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, the net income before taxes allocated to blackstone holdings was 47.0%, 47.9% and 49.3%, respectively. the decreases of 0.9% and 1.4% were primarily due to conversions of blackstone holdings partnership units to blackstone common units and the vesting of common units.
the other income — reversal of tax receivable agreement liability was entirely allocated to the blackstone group l.p.
operating metrics the following graph summarizes the fee-earning assets under management by segment and total assets under management by segment, followed by a rollforward of activity for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013. for a description of how assets under management and fee-earning assets under management are determined, please see “— key financial measures and indicators — operating metrics — assets under management and fee-earning assets under management.”
fee-earning assets under management balance, beginning of period                          $43,890,167                 $52,563,068                 $61,417,558                 $58,821,006                  $216,691,799                 $42,600,515                 $50,792,803                 $52,865,837                 $51,722,584                  $197,981,739
market appreciation (depreciation) (d)(f)                 180,442                    (236,623   )                 527,320                  (2,417,407   )                (1,946,268   )                 390,121                    (751,569   )               2,205,966                  (1,391,437   )                   453,081
balance, end of period (e)                            $51,451,196                 $67,345,357                 $65,665,439                 $61,684,380                  $246,146,372                 $43,890,167                 $52,563,068                 $61,417,558                 $58,821,006                  $216,691,799
fee-earning assets under management balance, beginning of period                      $37,050,167                  $41,931,339                  $43,478,791                  $45,420,143                   $167,880,440
market appreciation (d)(f)                             84,057                        5,096                    4,263,806                    1,982,642                      6,335,601
balance, end of period (e)                        $42,600,515                  $50,792,803                  $52,865,837                  $51,722,584                   $197,981,739
total assets under management balance, beginning of period                    $73,073,252                  $80,863,187                 $63,585,670                 $72,858,960                  $290,381,069                  $65,675,031                  $79,410,788                 $55,657,463                 $65,014,348                  $265,757,630
market appreciation                               5,072,029                    4,939,713                     592,872                  (2,834,212   )                 7,770,402                   10,723,988                   11,658,217                   2,347,105                    (163,439   )                24,565,871
balance, end of period (e)                      $94,280,074                  $93,917,824                 $69,105,425                 $79,081,252                  $336,384,575                  $73,073,252                  $80,863,187                 $63,585,670                 $72,858,960                  $290,381,069
total assets under management balance, beginning of period                   $51,002,973                  $56,695,645                  $46,092,505                   $56,428,837                   $210,219,960
market appreciation (d)(g)                      10,489,413                   14,376,369                    4,529,861                     3,863,656                     33,259,299
balance, end of period (e)                     $65,675,031                  $79,410,788                  $55,657,463                   $65,014,348                   $265,757,630
(a)   inflows represent contributions in our hedge funds and closed-end mutual funds, increases in available capital for our carry funds (capital raises, recallable capital and increased side-by-side commitments) and clos and increases in the capital we manage pursuant to separately managed account programs.
(b)   outflows represent redemptions in our hedge funds and closed-end mutual funds, client withdrawals from our separately managed account programs and decreases in available capital for our carry funds (expired capital, expense drawdowns and decreased side-by-side commitments).
(c)   realizations represent realizations from the disposition of assets, capital returned to investors from clos and the effect of changes in the definition of total assets under management.
(d)   market appreciation (depreciation) includes realized and unrealized gains (losses) on portfolio investments and the impact of foreign exchange rate fluctuations.
(e)   fee-earning assets under management and assets under management as of december 31, 2015 included $94.6 million and $115.8 million, respectively, from a joint venture in which we are the minority interest holder.
(f)                                          for the year ended december 31, 2015, the impact to fee-earning assets under management due to foreign exchange rate fluctuations was $(17.0) million, $(642.4)
million, $(999.2) million and $(1.7) billion for the private equity, real estate, credit and total segments, respectively. for the year ended december 31, 2014, such impact was $(11.8) million, $(957.4) million, $(1.3) billion and $(2.3)
billion for the private equity, real estate, credit and total segments, respectively. for the year ended december 31, 2013, such impact was $5.7 million, $188.5 million, $470.0 million and $664.2 million for the private equity, real estate, credit and total segments, respectively.
(g)                                           for the year ended december 31, 2015, the impact to total assets under management due to foreign exchange rate fluctuations was $(508.1) million, $(1.9) billion,
$(1.1) billion and $(3.5) billion for the private equity, real estate, credit and total segments, respectively. for the year ended december 31, 2014, such impact was $(357.1) million, $(2.0) billion, $(1.5) billion and $(3.8) billion for the private equity, real estate, credit and total segments, respectively. for the year ended december 31, 2013, such impact was $(249.2) million, $69.3 million, $469.9 million and $290.0 million for the private equity, real estate, credit and total segments, respectively.
(h)                                               on december 31, 2015, the credit segment refined the classification of required dividend payments from its business development companies and certain long only investment vehicles for purposes of reporting the roll forward components of fee-earning and total assets under management. historically, these amounts had been reported as outflows and they are now reported as realizations. furthermore, dividends had previously been reported net of reinvestments but now the reinvestments are reported as inflows. all historical periods have been recast to conform to the new definition.
fee-earning assets under management fee-earning assets under management were $246.1 billion at december 31, 2015, an increase of $29.5 billion, or 14%, compared to $216.7 billion at december 31, 2014. the net increase was due to:
•   inflows of $68.6 billion related to:
•   $17.3 billion in our credit segment driven by $4.8 billion raised in clo launches, $4.8 billion raised in our business development companies
(“bdcs”), $3.6 billion raised in our drawdown funds and $2.0 billion raised in our hedge fund strategies,
•   $13.9 billion in our private equity segment primarily due to $5.0 billion raised in our tactical opportunities platform, $4.5 billion raised for blackstone energy partners ii, $1.0 billion raised from strategic partners and $850.3 million of inflows from btas, and
•   $9.7 billion in our hedge fund solutions segment mainly related to growth in its customized, commingled, and individual investor solutions products, and additional closings on the general partner interests vehicle.
offsetting these increases were:
•   realizations of $20.5 billion primarily driven by:
•   $8.5 billion in our real estate segment primarily due to realizations of $4.4 billion in brep global and european opportunistic funds,
•   $6.3 billion in our credit segment primarily due to $3.8 billion capital returned to clo investors from clos that are post their re-investment periods,
$1.4 billion capital returned to investors in drawdown funds and $776.3 million capital returned to investors in bdc funds, and
•   $5.1 billion in our private equity segment primarily due to continued disposition activity across the segment, mainly from bcp v and our strategic partners fund of funds.
•   outflows of $16.7 billion primarily attributable to:
•   $5.7 billion in our credit segment, which includes $3.6 billion of redemptions due to investors’ general liquidity needs as well as their paring back in credit investments,
•   $5.4 billion in our hedge fund solutions segment primarily due to the liquidity needs of limited partners and certain strategic shifts in their programs,
•   $4.2 billion in our real estate segment primarily due to $4.0 billion of uninvested reserves at the close of brep vii’s investment period, and
•   $1.4 billion in our private equity segment primarily from the end of the investment periods for bep and tactical opportunities initial platform of separately managed accounts as well as our outflows in our strategic partners fund of funds.
•                                                        market depreciation of $1.9 billion principally due to solid returns from the baam principal solutions (“bps”) composite funds in our hedge fund solutions segment offset by $2.4 billion in market depreciation in our credit segment. the $2.4 billion in market depreciation in our credit segment, which includes $999.2 million of foreign exchange depreciation, is primarily driven by $1.3
billion in market depreciation from our u.s. and europe clos, $613.4 million in market depreciation from our hedge fund strategies and $518.7 million in market depreciation from our bdcs.
baam had net inflows of $1.3 billion from january 1 through february 1, 2016.
fee-earning assets under management were $216.7 billion at december 31, 2014, an increase of $18.7 billion, or 9%, compared to $198.0 billion at december 31, 2013. the net increase was due to:
•   inflows of $50.2 billion related to:
•   $19.8 billion in our credit segment driven by $5.5 billion raised in clo launches, $5.2 billion raised in our business development companies
(“bdcs”), $3.9 billion raised in hedge fund strategies and $2.4 billion of capital deployed in our mezzanine and rescue lending funds,
•                        $12.0 billion in our hedge fund solutions segment mainly related to growth in its customized and commingled products and co-investment platform, additional closings on the general partner interests vehicle and the launch of baam’s second alternative investment-focused mutual fund and first liquid alternative ucits structure fund,
•   $11.5 billion in our real estate segment primarily related to $3.1 billion capital raised and/or invested for breds, $3.0 billion raised for brep europe iv, $1.8 billion raised for brep asia, $874.0 million raised for bpp and $779.5 million raised for bxmt, and
•   $6.8 billion in our private equity segment primarily due to fundraising related to strategic partners’ sixth fund as well as additional capital raised for our tactical opportunities investment vehicles.
•                                        market appreciation of $453.1 million principally due to solid returns from the bps composite funds in our hedge fund solutions segment offset by $1.4
billion in market depreciation for u.s. and european clos in the credit segment principally due to foreign exchange depreciation and $751.6 million in our real estate segment principally due to foreign exchange depreciation.
offsetting these increases were:
•   realizations of $21.7 billion primarily driven by:
•   $8.7 billion in our real estate segment primarily due to realizations of $2.7 billion from brep vi, $2.5 billion from breds, $1.5 billion from brep co-investment, $1.0 billion from brep v and $565.3 million from brep europe iii,
•      $4.7 billion in our private equity segment primarily resulting from $3.3 billion return of capital from our bcp v fund including public share sales of hilton, pinnacle, and nielsen and strategic sales in apria, united biscuits and mivisa, and $1.0 billion of fee earning realizations in strategic partners.
•   outflows of $10.2 billion primarily attributable to:
•   $5.4 billion in our hedge fund solutions segment primarily due to the liquidity needs of limited partners and certain strategic shifts in their programs, and
•   $3.5 billion in our credit segment primarily from our long-only platform, hedge fund strategies and business development companies.
total assets under management total assets under management were $336.4 billion at december 31, 2015, an increase of $46.0 billion, or 16%, compared to $290.4 billion at december 31, 2014. the net increase was due to:
•   inflows of $93.6 billion primarily related to:
•                                                     $30.0 billion in our private equity segment primarily related to $18.0 billion raised for the seventh private equity fund (the corresponding fee-earning assets under management inflow will occur when the investment period for this fund commences), $7.0 billion raised for tactical opportunities, $2.2 billion raised from strategic partners and $714.2 million of inflows from btas,
•         $29.5 billion in our real estate segment attributable to $16.0 billion raised for brep viii, $6.9 billion raised for bpp, $1.3 billion raised during the initial closing for the third real estate debt strategies fund, $1.0 billion raised for bxmt, and $740.3 million raised for brep co-investment,
•                         $23.0 billion in our credit segment primarily due to $5.0 billion raised from clo launches, $4.8 billion raised for bdcs, $3.9 billion raised in our energy focused products, $3.6 billion raised in european senior debt strategies, $2.5 billion raised in our other long only funds and $2.0 billion raised in hedge fund strategies, and
•   $11.0 billion in our hedge fund solutions segment due primarily to the reasons noted above in fee-earning assets under management.
•   market appreciation of $7.8 billion due to:
•   $4.9 billion net appreciation in our real estate segment driven by sustained strong operating fundamentals in the private portfolio resulting in appreciation of 16.6% offset by public portfolio depreciation of 8.6%, and by $1.9 billion of foreign exchange depreciation, and
•   $2.8 billion depreciation in our credit segment due to reasons noted above in fee-earning asset under management, including $1.1 billion attributable to foreign currency depreciation.
offsetting these increases were:
•   realizations of $42.7 billion driven by:
•   $21.0 billion in our real estate segment due to realizations across the segment with 78% of realizations generated from the brep global and european opportunistic platform, including co-investment,
•   $13.5 billion in our private equity segment primarily due to continued disposition activity across the segment, mainly from our bcp v fund and strategic partners fund of funds, and
•   $7.6 billion in our credit segment due to capital returned to clo investors from clos that are post their reinvestment periods and realizations in our carry funds.
•   outflows of $12.7 billion primarily attributable to:
•   $6.4 billion in our credit segment primarily due to reasons noted above in fee-earning assets under management, and
•   $5.6 billion in our hedge fund solutions segment due to reasons noted above in fee-earning assets under management.
total assets under management were $290.4 billion at december 31, 2014, an increase of $24.6 billion, or 9%, compared to $265.8 billion at december 31, 2013. the net increase was due to:
•   inflows of $57.3 billion primarily related to:
•   $21.1 billion in our credit segment due to the reasons noted above in fee-earning assets under management,
•   $13.7 billion in our private equity segment due primarily to capital raised for strategic partners’ sixth fund of funds, our second energy focused fund and additional capital raised for our tactical opportunities investment vehicles,
•   $11.4 billion in our hedge fund solutions segment due primarily to the reasons noted above in fee-earning assets under management, and
•   market appreciation of $24.6 billion due to:
•   $11.7 billion in our real estate segment driven by sustained strong operating fundamentals in the private portfolio (23.2%, $8.8 billion) and public portfolio appreciation (17.0%, $3.7 billion),
offsetting these increases were:
•   realizations of $45.5 billion driven by:
•   $20.4 billion in our real estate segment due to realizations of $7.3 billion in brep vi, $3.6 billion in brep co-investment, $2.4 billion in brep v,
•   $9.3 billion in our credit segment due to capital returned to clo investors from clos that are post their reinvestment periods and realizations in our carry funds and bdcs.
•   outflows of $11.7 billion primarily attributable to:
•   $5.4 billion in our hedge fund solutions segment primarily related to the liquidity needs of limited partners and certain strategic shifts in their programs.
•   $3.8 billion in our credit segment primarily due to reasons noted above in fee-earning assets under management.
limited partner capital invested the following presents the limited partner capital invested during the respective periods:
limited partner capital invested private equity                                $2,568,582                     $9,623,273                    $10,219,178          $7,054,691                 275   %            $595,905                    6   %
limited partner capital invested was $30.5 billion for the year ended december 31, 2015, an increase of $6.1 billion, or 25%, from $24.4 billion for the year ended december 31, 2014. the amount of limited partner capital invested is a function of finding opportunistic investments that fit our investment philosophy and strategy in each of our segments as well as the relative size and timing of investment closings within those segments. our private equity segment deployed greater capital in 2015 than in 2014 as we found strong opportunities that fit within our investment philosophy for our corporate private equity funds as well as increased capital deployment opportunities within our tactical opportunities and strategic partners businesses. our real estate segment deployed $16.3 billion of capital in 2015, a 45% increase from 2014 primarily due to a significant increase in investment activity in bpp. our hedge fund solutions segment is investing capital based on the relative investment opportunities from the hedge fund manager seeding platform and general partner interests vehicle. in our credit segment, capital deployed for the year ended december 31, 2015, was higher compared to the year ended december 31, 2014 primarily due to a greater number of investment opportunities in our carry funds that fit within our investment philosophy, notably within the energy sector and european direct lending space.
the following presents the committed undrawn capital available for investment (“dry powder”) as of december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013:
note: totals may not add due to rounding. amounts are as of december 31 of each year.
(a)   represents illiquid drawdown funds only; excludes marketable vehicles; includes both fee-earning (third party) capital and general partner and employee commitments that do not earn fees. amounts are reduced by outstanding commitments to invest, but for which capital has not been called.
net accrued performance fees the following table presents the accrued performance fees, net of performance fee compensation, of the blackstone funds as of december 31, 2015 and 2014. net accrued performance fees presented do not include clawback amounts, if any, which are disclosed in note 18. “commitments and contingencies — contingencies — contingent obligations (clawback)” in the “notes to consolidated financial statements” in “— item 8. financial statements and supplementary data” of this filing. the net accrued performance fee as of each reporting date is principally unrealized carried interest and incentive fees which, if realized, can be a significant component of distributable earnings.
strategic partners carried interest                    36                         4
net accrued performance fees                       $3,251                    $4,552
performance fee eligible assets under management the following represents invested and to be invested capital, including closed commitments for funds whose investment period has not yet commenced, on which performance fees could be earned if certain hurdles are met:
note:   totals may not add due to rounding. amounts are as of december 31.
(a)   represents invested and to be invested capital at fair value, including closed commitments for funds whose investment period has not yet commenced, on which performance fees could be earned if certain hurdles are met.
(b)   represents dry powder exclusive of non-fee earning general partner and employee commitments.
investment record fund returns information for our significant funds is included throughout this discussion and analysis to facilitate an understanding of our results of operations for the periods presented. the fund returns information reflected in this discussion and analysis is not indicative of the financial performance of the blackstone group l.p. and is also not necessarily indicative of the future performance of any particular fund. an investment in the blackstone group l.p. is not an investment in any of our funds. there can be no assurance that any of our funds or our other existing and future funds will achieve similar returns.
the following table presents the investment record of our significant drawdown funds from inception through december 31, 2015:
fund (investment period)                             committed           available                                 value             moic (b)                        %                        value               moic (b)                            value             moic (b)                 realized              total capital           capital (a)                                                                            public
strategic partners i-v and co-investment            12,001,300                    2,198,999                    4,401,532                    2.6x                   —                     12,857,614                      1.3x                    17,259,146                    1.5x                   n/a                 14   %
strategic partners vi                                6,701,331                    2,116,999                    3,282,072                    1.2x                   —                        334,323                      0.2x                     3,616,395                    0.8x                   n/a                 63   %
fund (investment period)                             committed                   available                   value                         moic (b)                %                   value                           moic (b)              value                         moic (b)              realized                 total capital                     capital (a)                                                                       public
(a)   available capital represents total investable capital commitments, including side-by-side, adjusted for certain expenses and expired or recallable capital, less invested capital. this amount is not reduced by outstanding commitments to investments.
(b)   multiple of invested capital (“moic”) represents carrying value, before management fees, expenses and carried interest, divided by invested capital.
(c)   net internal rate of return (“irr”) represents the annualized inception to december 31, 2015 irr on total invested capital based on realized proceeds and unrealized value, as applicable, after management fees, expenses and carried interest.
(e)   brep co-investment represents co-investment capital raised for various brep investments. the net irr reflected is calculated by aggregating each co-investment’s realized proceeds and unrealized value, as applicable, after management fees, expenses and carried interest.
(f)   bpp, or blackstone property partners, are the core+ real estate funds which invest with a more moderate risk profile and lower leverage.
(g)   excludes capital trust drawdown funds.
(h)   bsch is a permanent capital vehicle focused on acquiring strategic minority positions in alternative asset managers.
(i)                 the total investments moic for mezzanine i, mezzanine ii, rescue lending i and rescue lending ii funds, excluding recycled capital during the investment period, was
2.0x, 1.4x, 1.6x and 1.1x, respectively. funds presented represent flagship credit drawdown funds only. the total credit net irr is the combined irr of the six credit drawdown funds presented.
segment analysis discussed below is our ei for each of our segments. this information is reflected in the manner utilized by our senior management to make operating decisions, assess performance and allocate resources. references to “our” sectors or investments may also refer to portfolio companies and investments of the underlying funds that we manage.
for segment reporting purposes, revenues and expenses are presented on a basis that deconsolidates the investment funds we manage. as a result, segment revenues are greater than those presented on a consolidated gaap basis because fund management fees recognized in certain segments are received from the blackstone funds and eliminated in consolidation when presented on a consolidated gaap basis. furthermore, segment expenses are lower than related amounts presented on a consolidated gaap basis due to the exclusion of fund expenses that are paid by limited partners and the elimination of non-controlling interests.
private equity the following table presents the results of operations for our private equity segment:
segment revenues management fees, net base management fees                          $502,640                      $415,841                     $368,146          $86,799                              21   %                $47,695                   13   %
management fee offsets                         (36,760   )                   (19,146   )                   (5,683   )                 (17,614   )               92   %                (13,463   )              237   %
total management fees, net                     512,699                       554,316                      484,454                     (41,617   )               -8   %                 69,862                   14   %
performance fees realized carried interest                             1,474,987                       754,402                      329,993                     720,585                   96   %                424,409                  129   %
total performance fees                         757,032                     1,977,230                      728,225                  (1,220,198   )              -62   %              1,249,005                  172   %
expenses compensation and benefits compensation                                   280,248                       280,499                      240,150                        (251   )               -0   %                 40,349                   17   %
performance fee compensation realized carried interest                               256,922                       266,393                       38,953                      (9,471   )               -4   %                227,440                  584   %
total compensation and benefits                526,998                       757,338                      621,836                    (230,340   )              -30   %                135,502                   22   %
other operating expenses                       199,158                       143,562                      124,499                      55,596                   39   %                 19,063                   15   %
economic income                               $655,958                    $1,838,013                     $736,003          $(1,182,055          )              -64   %             $1,102,010                  150   %
note   as a result of the spin-off on october 1, 2015 of blackstone’s financial advisory business, which did not include bxcm, the results of bxcm were reclassified from the financial advisory segment to the private equity segment. all prior periods have been recast to reflect this reclassification.
revenues revenues were $1.4 billion for the year ended december 31, 2015, a decrease of $1.4 billion compared to $2.7 billion for the year ended december 31, 2014. the decrease in revenues was attributable to decreases in performance fees, investment income, and total management fees, net of $1.2 billion, $105.5 million and $41.6 million, respectively.
the decline in 2015 revenues in our private equity segment was significantly driven by a decline in unrealized performance fees. the reduction in unrealized performance fees was primarily due to negative swings in the marks of our publicly-traded private equity portfolio companies as a result of macroeconomic concerns and declining public equity markets. if macroeconomic conditions were to deteriorate in the future with a resulting decline in our private equity fund investments, revenues in our private equity segment would likely continue to be negatively impacted. while unrealized markdowns in energy had a more limited impact on declining revenues in 2015, a sustained period of depressed oil and gas prices would likely adversely affect our private equity revenues.
performance fees, which are determined on a fund by fund basis, were $757.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, a decrease of $1.2 billion, compared to $2.0 billion for the year ended december 31, 2014, principally due to the performance in our corporate private equity funds, which generated overall solid net performance which was, however, lower than the net returns in 2014. the returns in these funds were driven by strong operating performance across most of our private and public portfolios.
investment income was $73.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, a decrease of $105.5 million, compared to $178.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, primarily due to our bcp v and bcp vi funds which generated strong net returns of 8.1% and 7.9%, respectively, for the year, but were slightly lower than the returns generated in the full year 2014 mainly as a result of the lower returns in our public portfolio.
total management fees were $512.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, a decrease of $41.6 million compared to $554.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, driven primarily by decreases in transaction and other fees, net and management fee offsets, partially offset by an increase in base management fees. transaction and other fees were $36.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, a decrease of $99.5 million compared to $135.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, primarily due to the timing of investment closings and the elimination of monitoring fee termination payments. management fee offsets were $(36.8) million for the year ended december 31, 2015, a decrease of $17.6 million compared to $(19.1) million for the year ended december 31, 2014, primarily due to the increased offset rates in recent funds. base management fees were $502.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, an increase of $86.8 million compared to $415.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, primarily due to the increase in the funds raised for our tactical opportunities investment vehicles and strategic partners secondary private fund of funds business.
expenses expenses were $726.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, a decrease of $174.7 million, compared to $900.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. the decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease of $230.1 million in performance fee compensation, slightly offset by a $55.6 million increase in other operating expenses. performance fee compensation decreased as a result of the decrease in performance fees revenue. the increase in other operating expenses was primarily due to non-recurring costs related to the sec settlement, an increase in interest allocated to the segment and certain one-time costs associated with fundraising.
revenues revenues were $2.7 billion for the year ended december 31, 2014, an increase of $1.3 billion compared to $1.5 billion for the year ended december 31, 2013. the increase in revenues was attributable to increases in performance fees and total management fees, net of $1.2 billion and $69.9 million, respectively, partially offset by a decrease in investment income of $71.0 million.
performance fees, which are determined on a fund by fund basis, were $2.0 billion for the year ended december 31, 2014, an increase of $1.2 billion, compared to $728.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2013, principally due to the performance in our bcp v and bcp vi funds, which generated net returns of 24% and 18%, respectively with bcp v crossing its preferred return threshold during the period. the returns in these funds were driven by both the private and public portfolios, from strong operating performance across the portfolio as well as the initial public offerings for michaels stores, catalent and vivint’s solar business.
total management fees were $554.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, an increase of $69.9 million compared to $484.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2013, driven primarily by increases in base management fees and transaction and other fees, net. base management fees were $415.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, an increase of $47.7 million compared to $368.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2013, primarily due to the increase in the funds raised for our tactical opportunities investment vehicles and strategic partners secondary private fund of funds business as well as the inclusion of the strategic partners management fees for the full year. transaction and other fees were $135.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, an increase of $38.0 million compared to $97.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2013, primarily due to fees earned related to transaction closings.
investment income was $178.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, a decrease of $71.0 million, compared to $249.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2013, primarily due to our bcp v and bep funds which generated strong net returns of 24% and 12%, respectively, for the year, but were slightly lower than the returns generated in the full year 2013.
expenses expenses were $900.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, an increase of $154.6 million, compared to $746.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. the increase was primarily attributable to increases of $95.2 million in performance fee compensation, $40.3 million in compensation, and $19.1 million in other operating expenses. performance fee compensation increased as a result of the increase in performance fees revenue. compensation increased primarily due to an increase in revenue on which a portion of compensation is based, as well as an increase in headcount to support the growth of the business. the increase in other operating expenses was primarily due to an increase in interest allocated to the segment.
fund returns fund returns information for our significant funds is included throughout this discussion and analysis to facilitate an understanding of our results of operations for the periods presented. the fund returns information reflected in this discussion and analysis is not indicative of the financial performance of the blackstone group l.p. and is also not necessarily indicative of the future performance of any particular fund. an investment in the blackstone group l.p. is not an investment in any of our funds. there can be no assurance that any of our funds or our other existing and future funds will achieve similar returns.
the following table presents the internal rates of return of our significant private equity funds:
strategic partners                22   %            19   %             24   %            20   %              8   %             6   %        n/a               n/a                 18   %            15   %
the returns presented herein represent those of the applicable blackstone funds and not those of the blackstone group l.p.
(a)   changes in previous period returns are due to the repayment of fund level financing with capital drawn down from the respective fund’s general and limited partners.
(b)   net returns are based on the change in carrying value (realized and unrealized) after management fees, expenses and carried interest allocations.
the corporate private equity funds within the private equity segment have four contributed funds with closed investment periods: bcp iv, bcp v, bcom and bep i. as of december 31, 2015, bcp iv was above its carried interest threshold (i.e., the preferred return payable to its limited partners before the general partner is eligible to receive carried interest) and would still be above its carried interest threshold even if all remaining investments were valued at zero. bcp v is comprised of two fund classes based on the timings of fund closings, the bcp v “main fund” and bcp v-ac fund. within these fund classes, the general partner (“gp”) is subject to equalization such that (a) the gp accrues carried interest when the total carried interest for the combined fund classes is positive and (b) the gp realizes carried interest so long as clawback obligations, if any, for the combined fund classes are fully satisfied. during the quarter, both fund classes were above their respective carried interest thresholds. bcom is currently above its carried interest threshold and has generated inception to date positive returns. we are entitled to retain previously realized carried interest up to 20% of bcom’s net gains. as a result, performance fees are recognized from bcom on current period gains and losses. bep i is currently above its carried interest threshold.
real estate the following table presents the results of operations for our real estate segment:
segment revenues management fees, net base management fees                          $668,575                      $628,502                      $565,182          $40,073                              6   %      $63,320                             11   %
management fee offsets                         (26,840   )                   (34,443   )                   (22,821   )                  7,603                  -22   %                (11,622   )               51   %
total management fees, net                     752,312                       685,669                       622,036                     66,643                   10   %                 63,633                   10   %
performance fees realized carried interest                             1,634,733                     1,487,762                       486,773                    146,971                   10   %              1,000,989                  206   %
total performance fees                         992,146                     2,017,786                     2,155,582                 (1,025,640   )              -51   %               (137,796   )               -6   %
expenses compensation and benefits compensation                                   358,381                       326,317                       294,222                     32,064                   10   %                 32,095                   11   %
performance fee compensation realized carried interest                               484,037                       432,996                       148,837                     51,041                   12   %                284,159                  191   %
total compensation and benefits                663,566                       959,716                     1,018,759                   (296,150   )              -31   %                (59,043   )               -6   %
other operating expenses                       179,175                       146,083                       116,391                     33,092                   23   %                 29,692                   26   %
economic income                               $947,978                    $1,880,881                    $2,069,975          $(932,903           )              -50   %      $(189,094           )               -9   %
revenues revenues were $1.8 billion for the year ended december 31, 2015, a decrease of $1.2 billion compared to $3.0 billion for the year ended december 31, 2014. the decrease in revenues was primarily attributable to decreases in performance fees and investment income of $1.0 billion and $246.5 million, respectively, partially offset by an increase in total management fees, net of $66.6 million.
the decline in 2015 revenues in our real estate segment was significantly driven by a decline in unrealized performance fees. the reduction in unrealized performance fees was primarily due to negative swings in the marks of our publicly-traded real estate equity investments, particularly in lodging, as a result of a decline in public equity markets in 2015. if macroeconomic conditions were to deteriorate in the future with a resulting decline in our real estate fund investments, revenues in our real estate segment would likely continue to be negatively impacted.
performance fees, which are determined on a fund by fund basis, were $992.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, a decrease of $1.0 billion compared to $2.0 billion for the year ended december 31, 2014. performance fees decreased by $1.0 billion due to a year over year decrease in the net appreciation of investments in our brep carry funds from 20.9% to 9.7%. for the year ended december 31, 2015, the increase in carrying value of assets for blackstone’s contributed real estate opportunistic funds was driven by sustained strong operating fundamentals in the private portfolio resulting in appreciation of 16.6% offset by public portfolio depreciation of 8.6%. our breds drawdown and real estate hedge funds appreciated 13.0% and 2.9%, respectively.
investment income was $3.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, a decrease of $246.5 million compared to $250.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. the decrease in investment income was due to a year over year net depreciation of investments in our brep vi fund. blackstone has a larger investment in brep vi than in other brep funds.
total management fees, net were $752.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, an increase of $66.6 million compared to $685.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, primarily attributable to increases in base management fees. base management fees were $668.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, an increase of $40.1 million compared to $628.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. the increase was principally due to fees generated from fundraising within brep viii, bpp and invested capital within breds, partially offset by realizations across the portfolio.
expenses expenses were $842.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, a decrease of $263.1 million, compared to $1.1 billion for the year ended december 31, 2014. the decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease of performance fee compensation of $328.2 million, partially offset by increases in compensation and other operating expenses of $32.1 million and $33.1 million, respectively. the decrease in performance fee compensation is the result of a decrease in performance fees revenue. the increase in compensation is due to an overall increase in management fees, on which a portion of compensation is based, as well as an increase in headcount to support the growth of the business. the increase in other operating expenses was primarily due to an increase in interest expense allocated to the segment and certain one-time costs associated with fundraising.
revenues revenues were $3.0 billion for the year ended december 31, 2014, a decrease of $218.4 million compared to $3.2 billion for the year ended december 31, 2013. the decrease in revenues was primarily attributable to decreases in investment income and performance fees of $152.4 million and $137.8 million, respectively, partially offset by an increase in total management fees, net of $63.6 million.
investment income was $250.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, a decrease of $152.4 million compared to $402.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. the decrease in investment income was due to a year over year decrease in the net appreciation of investments in our brep vi fund. blackstone has a larger investment in brep vi than in other brep funds.
performance fees, which are determined on a fund by fund basis, were $2.0 billion for the year ended december 31, 2014, a decrease of $137.8 million compared to $2.2 billion for the year ended december 31, 2013. performance fees decreased by $137.8 million due to a year over year decrease in the net appreciation of investments in our brep carry funds from 31.3% to 20.9%. for the year ended december 31, 2014, the increase in carrying value of assets for blackstone’s contributed real estate funds, including fee-paying co-investments was driven by sustained strong operating fundamentals in the private portfolio and public portfolio appreciation. our breds drawdown and real estate hedge funds appreciated 7.2% and 5.3%, respectively.
total management fees, net were $685.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, an increase of $63.6 million compared to $622.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2013, primarily attributable to increases in base management fees. base management fees were $628.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, an increase of $63.3 million compared to $565.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. the increase was principally due to fees generated from fundraising within brep europe iv, brep asia, bpp and invested capital within breds, partially offset by the expiration of brep v and realizations across the portfolio.
expenses expenses were $1.1 billion for the year ended december 31, 2014, a decrease of $29.4 million, compared to $1.1 billion for the year ended december 31, 2013. the decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease of performance fee compensation of $91.1 million, partially offset by increases in compensation and other operating expenses of $32.1 million and $29.7 million, respectively. the decrease in performance fee compensation is the result of a decrease in performance fees revenue. the increase in compensation is due to an overall increase in management fees, on which a portion of compensation is based, as well as an increase in headcount to support the growth of the business. the increase in other operating expenses was primarily due to an increase in interest expense allocated to the segment as well as increases in business development and professional fees.
fund returns fund return information for our significant funds is included throughout this discussion and analysis to facilitate an understanding of our results of operations for the periods presented. the fund returns information reflected in this discussion and analysis is not indicative of the financial performance of the blackstone group l.p. and is also not necessarily indicative of the future performance of any particular fund. an investment in the blackstone group l.p. is not an investment in any of our funds. there can be no assurance that any of our funds or our other existing and future funds will achieve similar returns.
the following table presents the internal rates of return of our significant real estate funds:
the returns presented herein represent those of the applicable blackstone funds and not those of the blackstone group l.p.
(a)   net returns are based on the change in carrying value (realized and unrealized) after management fees, expenses and performance fee allocations.
(b)   euro-based net internal rates of return.
(c)   excludes fully realized co-investments prior to blackstone’s initial public offering.
the following table presents the carried interest status of our real estate carry funds with expired investment periods which are currently not generating performance fees as of december 31, 2015:
fully invested funds                  amount                      % change in                         % change in total enterprise                    equity value value (b)
(a)                                         the general partner of each fund is allocated carried interest when the annualized returns, net of management fees and expenses, exceed the preferred return as dictated by the fund agreements. the preferred return is calculated for each limited partner individually. the gain to cross carried interest threshold represents the increase in equity at the fund level (excluding our side-by-side investments) that is required for the general partner to begin accruing carried interest, assuming the gain is earned pro rata across the fund’s investments and is achieved at the reporting date.
(b)   total enterprise value is the respective fund’s pro rata ownership of the privately held portfolio companies’ enterprise value.
the real estate segment has seven funds in their investment period, which were above their respective carried interest thresholds as of december 31, 2015: brep viii, brep asia, brep europe iv and four funds within breds ii.
hedge fund solutions the following table presents the results of operations for our hedge fund solutions segment:
segment revenues management fees, net base management fees                        $524,386                   $482,981                   $409,321          $41,405                           9   %            $73,660                   18   %
management fee offsets                           171                     (5,014   )                 (3,387   )               5,185                  n/m                 (1,627   )               48   %
total management fees, net                   524,874                    478,536                    406,557                  46,338                   10   %             71,979                   18   %
performance fees realized incentive fees                                68,197                    140,529                    207,735                 (72,332   )              -51   %            (67,206   )              -32   %
unrealized carried interest                               2,021                          —                          —                   2,021                  n/m                      —                  n/m incentive fees                                (8,084   )                   (879   )                  7,718                  (7,205   )              820   %             (8,597   )              n/m total performance fees                        62,134                    139,650                    215,453                 (77,516   )              -56   %            (75,803   )              -35   %
expenses compensation and benefits compensation                                 179,484                    131,658                    136,470                  47,826                   36   %             (4,812   )               -4   %
performance fee compensation realized incentive fees                                27,155                     42,451                     65,793                 (15,296   )              -36   %            (23,342   )              -35   %
unrealized carried interest                                 823                          —                          —          823                             n/m                      —                  n/m incentive fees                                (2,912   )                   (273   )                  2,856                  (2,639   )              967   %             (3,129   )              n/m total compensation and benefits              204,550                    173,836                    205,119                  30,714                   18   %            (31,283   )              -15   %
other operating expenses                      90,072                     86,129                     66,966                   3,943                    5   %             19,163                   29   %
economic income                             $295,684                   $397,872                   $376,525          $(102,188        )              -26   %            $21,347                    6   %
revenues revenues were $590.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, a decrease of $67.5 million compared to $657.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. the decrease in revenues was primarily attributable to
decreases in performance fees and investment income of $77.5 million and $40.9 million, respectively, partially offset by an increase in total management fees, net of $46.3 million.
in 2015, hedge fund solutions operated in an environment generally characterized by declines in equity and fixed income asset prices. in that connection, global markets experienced significant volatility during 2015, with the cboe volatility index reaching its highest levels since 2011. notwithstanding these market conditions, the bps composite gross return was positive 2.9% during 2015, outperforming the s&p 500 and the hfrx hedge fund index. in the future, however, if global asset prices continue to decline or liquidity needs cause investors to withdraw assets, hedge fund solutions revenues would likely continue to be negatively impacted. nonetheless, hedge fund solutions operates multiple business lines, manages strategies that are both long and short asset classes and generates a majority of its revenue through management fees, all of which provide a level of downside protection to hedge fund solutions revenues.
performance fees were $62.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, a decrease of $77.5 million compared to $139.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. this was primarily due to lower returns. the net returns of the underlying assets within the bps composite funds were 2.1% during the year ended december 31, 2015.
investment loss was $14.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, a decrease of $40.9 million compared to investment income of $26.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. the decrease in investment income was primarily driven by the year over year net appreciation of investments of which blackstone owns a share.
total management fees, net were $524.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, an increase of $46.3 million compared to $478.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, primarily due to an increase in base management fees. base management fees were $524.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, an increase of $41.4 million compared to $483.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. this was driven by an increase in fee-earning assets under management of 7% from the prior year, which was from net inflows and market appreciation.
expenses expenses were $294.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, an increase of $34.7 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2014. the increase was primarily attributable to a $47.8 million increase in compensation, and a $3.9 million increase in other operating expenses, partially offset by a $17.1 million decrease in performance fee compensation. compensation was $179.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, an increase of $47.8 million compared to $131.7 million for the prior year, due to an overall increase in management fees, on which a portion of compensation is based, an increase in headcount to support the growth of the business and a change in the terms of deferred compensation plan awards. other operating expenses were $90.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, an increase of $3.9 million compared to $86.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. the increase in other operating expenses was primarily due to interest allocated to the segment. performance fee compensation was $25.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, a decrease of $17.1 million compared to $42.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 due to the decrease in performance fees revenue.
revenues revenues were $657.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, an increase of $9.2 million compared to $648.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. the increase in revenues was primarily attributable to increases in total management fees, net and investment income of $72.0 million and $8.4 million, respectively, partially offset by a decrease in performance fees of $75.8 million.
total management fees, net were $478.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, an increase of $72.0 million compared to $406.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2013, primarily due to an increase in base management fees. base management fees were $483.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, an increase of $73.7 million compared to $409.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. this was driven by an increase in fee-earning assets under management of 16% from the prior year, which was from net inflows and market appreciation.
investment income was $26.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, an increase of $8.4 million compared to $18.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. the increase in investment income was primarily driven by the year over year net appreciation of investments of which blackstone owns a share.
performance fees were $139.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, a decrease of $75.8 million compared to $215.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. this was primarily due to lower returns. the net returns of the underlying assets within the bps composite funds were 5.9% during the year ended december 31, 2014.
expenses expenses were $260.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, a decrease of $12.1 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. the decrease was primarily attributable to a $26.5 million decrease in performance fee compensation and a $4.8 million decrease in compensation, partially offset by a $19.2 million increase in other operating expenses. performance fee compensation was $42.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, a decrease of $26.5 million compared to $68.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 due to the decrease in performance fees revenue. compensation was $131.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, a decrease of $4.8 million compared to $136.5 million for the prior year, due to a change in the terms of deferred compensation plan awards which more than offset the increase in management fees. other operating expenses were $86.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, an increase of $19.2 million compared to $67.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2013, primarily resulting from an increase in interest expense allocated to the segment as well as an increase in professional fees.
operating metrics the following table presents information regarding our incentive fee-earning assets under management:
fee-earning assets under                                                estimated %
management eligible for                                                 above incentive fees                                                          high water mark/benchmark (a)
(a)                                           estimated % above high water mark/benchmark represents the percentage of fee-earning assets under management eligible for incentive fees that as of the dates presented would earn incentive fees when the applicable baam managed fund has positive investment performance relative to a benchmark, where applicable. incremental positive performance in the applicable blackstone funds may cause additional assets to reach their respective high water mark or clear a benchmark return, thereby resulting in an increase in estimated % above high water mark/benchmark.
(b)                                          for the baam managed funds, at december 31, 2015 the incremental appreciation needed for the 19% of fee-earning assets under management below their respective high water marks/benchmarks to reach their respective high water marks/benchmarks was $236.6 million, an increase of $178.9 million, or 310.2%, compared to $57.7 million at december 31, 2014. of the fee-earning assets under management below their respective high water marks/benchmarks as of december 31, 2015, 93% were within 5% of reaching their respective high water mark.
composite returns composite returns information is included throughout this discussion and analysis to facilitate an understanding of our results of operations for the periods presented. the composite returns information reflected in this discussion and analysis is not indicative of the financial performance of the blackstone group l.p. and is also not necessarily indicative of the future results of any particular fund. an investment in the blackstone group l.p. is not an investment in any of our funds or composites. there can be no assurance that any of our funds or composites or our other existing and future funds or composites will achieve similar returns.
the following table presents the return information of the baam managed funds, baam principal solutions composite:
the returns presented represent those of the applicable blackstone funds and not those of the blackstone group l.p.
(a)   composite returns present a summarized asset-weighted return measure to evaluate the overall performance of the applicable class of blackstone funds.
(b)                                                   baam’s principal solutions composite, formerly known as baam’s core funds composite, covers the period from january 2000 to present, although baam’s inception date is september 1990. baam’s principal solutions composite does not include baam’s individual investor solutions (i.e., liquid alternatives), long-only equity, long-biased commodities, ventures (i.e., seeding and minority interests) and strategic opportunities (i.e., co-investments), and senfina (direct trading) platforms except where a bps fund invests directly into those platforms. baam’s advisory platforms and liquidating funds are also excluded. on a net of fees basis, the bps composite was up 0.2% for the quarter and 2.1% for the full year. the historical return is from january 1, 2000.
credit the following table presents the results of operations for our credit segment:
segment revenues management fees, net base management fees                         $500,982                   $460,205                   $398,158          $40,777                            9   %      $62,047                           16   %
management fee offsets                        (30,065   )                (28,168   )                (40,329   )               (1,897   )                7   %               12,161                  -30   %
total management fees, net                    477,288                    450,198                    386,415                   27,090                    6   %               63,783                   17   %
performance fees realized carried interest                               96,156                    208,432                    127,192                 (112,276   )              -54   %               81,240                   64   %
unrealized carried interest                             (198,820   )                (37,913   )                108,078                 (160,907   )              424   %             (145,991   )              n/m incentive fees                                (19,967   )                (23,025   )                  1,107                    3,058                  -13   %              (24,132   )              n/m total performance fees                        (13,235   )                257,211                    457,113                 (270,446   )              n/m                 (199,902   )              -44   %
expenses compensation and benefits compensation                                  190,189                    188,200                    186,514                    1,989                    1   %                1,686                    1   %
performance fee compensation realized carried interest                               52,841                    116,254                     69,411                  (63,413   )              -55   %               46,843                   67   %
unrealized carried interest                             (107,000   )                (28,583   )                 57,147                  (78,417   )              274   %              (85,730   )              n/m incentive fees                                 (8,395   )                (16,252   )                    508                    7,857                  -48   %              (16,760   )              n/m total compensation and benefits               177,748                    321,287                    424,824                 (143,539   )              -45   %             (103,537   )              -24   %
other operating expenses                       93,626                     90,524                     96,940                    3,102                    3   %               (6,416   )               -7   %
economic income                              $213,377                   $330,737                   $358,486          $(117,360         )              -35   %      $(27,749          )               -8   %
revenues revenues were $484.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, which were $257.8 million lower compared to $742.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. the decrease in revenues was primarily attributable to lower performance fees and investment income of $270.4 million and $23.5 million, respectively, partially offset by an increase of $27.1 million in total management fees, net.
during the fourth quarter of 2015, the credit markets experienced widening credit spreads and significant illiquidity, particularly for below investment grade credit. in addition, energy-related issuers, which represent a significant component of the below investment grade credit markets, are operating in an environment in which oil and natural gas prices have declined materially to their lowest levels in years. performance in all three of our alternative credit strategies was negatively impacted in the fourth quarter of 2015 by the performance of our energy investments, declines in the credit market, underperformance in certain event-driven assets and technical pressure caused by year-end selling. in the near term continued market pressure may further affect these marks. in any event, if below investment grade credit, and energy, remain depressed or subject to highly volatile market conditions, revenues in our credit segment would likely continue to be negatively impacted.
performance fee losses were $13.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, which were $270.4 million lower compared to the prior year. this decrease was primarily due to lower rates of appreciation in our hedge fund strategies business as well as our mezzanine and rescue lending businesses. the net returns of blackstone’s significant credit segment funds were -5.8% for hedge fund strategies, -2.2% for mezzanine strategies and -8.8% for rescue lending strategies for the year ended december 31, 2015.
investment loss was $9.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, which were $23.5 million lower compared to the prior year. this decrease was primarily due to the unrealized investment losses in hedge fund strategies, mezzanine funds and long only funds.
total management fees, net were $477.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, an increase of $27.1 million compared to $450.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. this increase was primarily attributable to the growth in fee-earning assets under management for our hedge fund strategies business and our business development companies.
expenses expenses were $271.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, a decrease of $140.4 million compared to $411.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. the decrease in expenses was primarily attributable to a decrease of $145.5 million in performance fee compensation. the decrease in performance fee compensation was due to lower performance fees revenue.
revenues revenues were $742.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, which were $137.7 million lower compared to $880.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. the decrease in revenues was primarily attributable to lower performance fees of $199.9 million, partially offset by an increase of $63.8 million in total management fees, net.
performance fees were $257.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, which were $199.9 million lower compared to the prior year. this decrease was primarily due to lower rates of appreciation in our hedge fund strategies business and our rescue lending business. the net returns of blackstone’s significant credit segment funds were 0.1% for hedge fund strategies, 17.6% for mezzanine fund strategies and 11.9% for rescue lending strategies for the year ended december 31, 2014.
total management fees, net were $450.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, an increase of $63.8 million compared to $386.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. this increase was primarily attributable to the growth in fee-earning assets under management for our hedge fund strategies business and our business development companies.
expenses expenses were $411.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, a decrease of $110.0 million compared to $521.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. the decrease in expenses was primarily attributable to a decrease of $105.2 million in performance fee compensation. the decrease in performance fee compensation was due to lower performance fees revenue.
fund returns fund return information for our significant businesses is included throughout this discussion and analysis to facilitate an understanding of our results of operations for the periods presented. the fund returns information reflected in this discussion and analysis is not indicative of the financial performance of the blackstone group l.p. and is also not necessarily indicative of the future results of any particular fund. an investment in the blackstone group l.p. is not an investment in any of our funds. there can be no assurance that any of our funds or our other existing and future funds will achieve similar returns.
as of december 31, 2015, the credit segment’s returns reflect composite returns for funds included within each alternative strategy as set forth below. previously, these returns reflected only the composite returns for the flagship funds in each strategy. the historical returns presented in the tables below have been updated to conform to the current presentation.
the following table presents composite return information of the segment’s hedge fund strategies funds:
one                              three                           five                            historical year                             year                            year fund                        gross            net             gross            net            gross            net            gross             net hedge fund strategies (b)        -4   %          -6   %      7         %      4       %      9         %      6       %      11        %       7       %
the returns presented represent those of the applicable blackstone funds and not those of the blackstone group l.p.
(a)   average annual returns present a summarized asset-weighted return measure to evaluate the overall performance of the applicable class of blackstone funds.
(b)                                               the hedge fund strategies’ returns represent a weighted-average composite of the fee-earning funds exceeding $100 million of fair value at each respective quarter end excluding the blackstone funds that were contributed to gso as part of blackstone’s acquisition of gso in march 2008. the historical returns are from august 1, 2005.
the following table presents combined internal rates of return of the segment’s mezzanine strategies funds and rescue lending strategies funds:
2015                               2014                              2013                              total composite (a)                      gross              net                gross             net             gross             net       gross               net mezzanine strategies (b)                 -1   %           -2   %            23   %          18   %            26   %          18   %   23        %         16        %
rescue lending strategies (c)           -11   %           -9   %            15   %          12   %            33   %          24   %   16        %         12        %
the returns presented herein represent those of the applicable blackstone funds and not those of the blackstone group l.p.
(a)   net returns are based on the change in carrying value (realized and unrealized) after management fees, expenses and performance fee allocations, net of tax advances.
(b)                                                        the mezzanine strategies’ returns represent the irr of the combined cash flows of the fee-earning funds exceeding $100
million of fair value at each respective quarter end excluding the blackstone funds that were contributed to gso as part of blackstone’s acquisition of gso in march 2008. the inception to date returns are from july 16, 2007.
(c)   the rescue lending strategies’ returns represent the irr of the combined cash flows of the fee-earning funds exceeding $100
million of fair value at each respective quarter end. the inception to date returns are from september 29, 2009.
as of december 31, 2015, one drawdown fund within rescue lending strategies return was 1% below the carried interest threshold. for the mezzanine lending strategies return, two funds representing 11.2% of the fair value included in the return were below their carried interest threshold.
financial advisory the following table presents the results of operations for our financial advisory segment:
expenses compensation and benefits compensation                                     180,917                    226,837                    258,284                  (45,920   )              -20   %            (31,447   )              -12   %
other operating expenses                          62,326                     87,484                     81,843                  (25,158   )              -29   %              5,641                    7   %
economic income                                  $64,799                    $96,995                    $55,050          $(32,196          )              -33   %            $41,945                   76   %
as a result of the spin-off on october 1, 2015 of blackstone’s financial advisory business, which did not include bxcm, the results of bxcm were reclassified from the financial advisory segment to the private equity segment. all prior periods have been recast to reflect this reclassification. subsequent to september 30, 2015, the former financial advisory segment is reporting no revenues, no expenses, and no results. the table presented above is for comparative purposes only.
liquidity and capital resources general blackstone’s business model derives revenue primarily from third party assets under management. blackstone is not a capital or balance sheet intensive business and targets operating expense levels such that total management and advisory fees exceed total operating expenses each period. as a result, we require limited capital resources to support the working capital or operating needs of our businesses. we draw primarily on the long-term committed capital of our limited partner investors to fund the investment requirements of the blackstone funds and use our own realizations and cash flows to invest in growth initiatives, make commitments to our own funds, where our minimum general partner commitments are generally less than 5% of the limited partner commitments of a fund, and pay distributions to unitholders.
fluctuations in our statement of financial condition result primarily from activities of the blackstone funds which are consolidated as well as business transactions, such as the issuance of senior notes described below. the majority economic ownership interests of the blackstone funds are reflected as redeemable non-controlling interests in consolidated entities, non-controlling interests in consolidated entities and appropriated partners’ capital in the consolidated financial statements. the consolidation of these blackstone funds has no net effect on the partnership’s net income or partners’ capital. additionally, fluctuations in our statement of financial condition also include appreciation or depreciation in blackstone investments in the blackstone funds, additional investments and redemptions of such interests in the blackstone funds and the collection of receivables related to management and advisory fees.
total assets were $22.5 billion as of december 31, 2015, down $9.0 billion from december 31, 2014. the decrease was principally due to a decrease in investments of $8.4 billion. total liabilities were $10.3 billion as of december 31, 2015, a decrease of $3.9 billion from december 31, 2014. the decrease was principally due to a decrease in loans payable of $2.8 billion. the decreases in total assets and total liabilities was primarily due to the adoption as of january 1, 2015 of new accounting consolidation guidance which resulted in the deconsolidation of certain blackstone funds.
for the year ended december 31, 2015, we had total fee related revenues of $2.6 billion and related expenses of $1.6 billion, generating fee related earnings of $935.6 million and distributable earnings of $3.8 billion.
sources of liquidity we have multiple sources of liquidity to meet our capital needs, including annual cash flows, accumulated earnings in the businesses, investments in our own treasury and liquid funds and access to our debt capacity, including our $1.1 billion committed revolving credit facility and the proceeds from our 2009, 2010, 2012, 2014 and 2015 issuances of senior notes. as of december 31, 2015, blackstone had $1.8 billion in cash, $2.2 billion invested in blackstone’s treasury cash management strategies, $159.8 million invested in liquid blackstone funds, $1.9 billion invested in illiquid blackstone funds and $129.5 million invested in other investments, against $2.8 billion in borrowings from our bond issuances, and no borrowings outstanding under our revolving credit facility.
on april 27, 2015, blackstone issued $350 million in aggregate principal amount of 4.450% senior notes which will mature on july 15, 2045.
on may 19, 2015, blackstone issued €300 million in aggregate principal amount of 2.000% senior notes which will mature on may 19, 2025.
in addition to the cash we received from our debt offerings and availability under our committed revolving credit facility, we expect to receive (a) cash generated from operating activities, (b) carried interest and incentive income realizations, and (c) realizations on the carry and hedge fund investments that we make. the amounts received from these three sources in particular may vary substantially from year to year and quarter to quarter depending on the frequency and size of realization events or net returns experienced by our investment funds. our available capital could be adversely affected if there are prolonged periods of few substantial realizations from our investment funds accompanied by substantial capital calls for new investments from those investment funds. therefore, blackstone’s commitments to our funds are taken into consideration when managing our overall liquidity and cash position.
we use distributable earnings, which is derived from our segment reported results, as a supplemental non-gaap measure to assess performance and amounts available for distributions to blackstone unitholders, including blackstone personnel and others who are limited partners of the blackstone holdings partnerships. distributable earnings is intended to show the amount of net realized earnings without the effects of the consolidation of the blackstone funds. distributable earnings is derived from and reconciled to, but not equivalent to, its most directly comparable gaap measure of income (loss) before provision for taxes. distributable earnings, which is a component of economic net income, is the sum across all segments of: (a) total management and advisory fees, (b) interest and dividend revenue, (c) other revenue, (d) realized performance fees, and (e) realized investment income (loss); less (a) compensation, excluding the expense of equity-based awards, (b) realized performance fee compensation, (c) other operating expenses, and (d) taxes and related payables including the payable under tax receivable agreement.
the following table calculates blackstone’s fee related earnings, distributable earnings and economic net income:
(a)   represents the total segment amounts of the respective captions. see note 21. “segment reporting” in the “notes to consolidated financial statements” in “— item 8. financial statements and supplementary data” of this filing.
(c)   represents the current tax provision calculated on income (loss) before provision (benefit) for taxes and the payable under tax receivable agreement.
(d)   represents equity-based award expense included in economic income.
(e)   represents tax-related payables including the payable under tax receivable agreement, which is a component of taxes and related payables.
the following calculates the components of fee related earnings, distributable earnings and economic net income in the above table identified by note (b):
(a)   represents the total segment amounts of the respective captions. see note 21. “segment reporting” in the “notes to consolidated financial statements” in “— item 8. financial statements and supplementary data” of this filing.
(b)   represents equity-based award expense included in economic income, which excludes all transaction-related equity-based charges.
(c)   taxes and related payables including payable under tax receivable agreement represent the current tax provision (benefit) calculated on income (loss) before provision
(benefit) for taxes and the payable under tax receivable agreement.
(d)   represents tax-related payables including the payable under tax receivable agreement, which is a component of taxes and related payables.
the following table is a reconciliation of net income attributable to the blackstone group l.p. to economic income, of economic income to economic net income, of economic net income to fee related earnings, of fee related earnings to distributable earnings and of distributable earnings to adjusted earnings before interest, taxes and depreciation and amortization:
(a)            this adjustment adds back to income (loss) before provision (benefit) for taxes amounts for transaction-related charges which include principally equity-based compensation charges associated with blackstone’s initial public offering and long-term retention programs outside of annual deferred compensation and other corporate actions.
(b)   this adjustment adds back to income (loss) before provision (benefit) for taxes amounts for the amortization of intangibles which are associated with blackstone’s initial public offering and other corporate actions.
(c)   this adjustment adds back to income (loss) before provision (benefit) for taxes the amount of (income) loss associated with non-controlling interests of consolidated entities and includes the amount of management fee revenues associated with consolidated clo entities.
(d)   taxes represent the current tax provision (benefit) calculated on income (loss) before provision (benefit) for taxes.
(e)   this adjustment removes from ei the total segment amount of performance fees.
(f)   this adjustment removes from ei the total segment amount of investment income (loss).
(g)   this adjustment represents interest income and dividend revenue less interest expense.
(h)   this adjustment removes from expenses the compensation and benefit amounts related to blackstone’s profit sharing plans related to performance fees.
(i)   represents the adjustment for realized performance fees net of corresponding actual amounts due under blackstone’s profit sharing plans related thereto. equals the sum of net realized incentive fee and net realized carried interest.
(j)   represents the adjustment for blackstone’s investment income (loss) — realized.
(k)   taxes and related payables including payable under tax receivable agreement represent the current tax provision (benefit) calculated on income (loss) before provision
(benefit) for taxes and the payable under tax receivable agreement.
liquidity needs we expect that our primary liquidity needs will be cash to (a) provide capital to facilitate the growth of our existing businesses which principally includes funding our general partner and co-investment commitments to our funds, (b) provide capital to facilitate our expansion into new businesses that are complementary, (c) pay operating expenses, including cash compensation to our employees and other obligations as they arise, (d) fund modest capital expenditures, (e) repay borrowings and related interest costs, (f) pay income taxes, and (g) make distributions to our unitholders and the holders of blackstone holdings partnership units. our own capital commitments to our funds, the funds we invest in and our investment strategies as of december 31, 2015 consisted of the following:
blackstone and                                        senior managing directors general                                               and certain other partner                                               professionals (a)
strategic partners                             170,316                     113,019                    20,294                         12,582
hedge fund solutions strategic alliance                              50,000                       2,033                         —                              —
strategic alliance ii                           50,000                       1,482                         —                              —
strategic alliance iii                           2,000                       2,000                         —                              —
strategic holdings lp                           50,000                      45,847                         —                              —
credit capital opportunities fund ii l.p.             120,000                      98,356                   110,115                         51,693
gso capital solutions ii                       125,000                      56,334                   119,755                         94,229
blackstone/gso capital solutions                50,000                       9,462                    27,666                          5,236
(a)      for some of the general partner commitments shown in the table above we require our senior managing directors and certain other professionals to fund a portion of the commitment even though the ultimate obligation to fund the aggregate commitment is ours pursuant to the governing agreements of the respective
funds. the amounts of the aggregate applicable general partner original and remaining commitment are shown in the table above. in addition, certain senior managing directors and other professionals are required to fund a de minimis amount of the commitment in the other private equity, real estate and credit-focused carry funds. we expect our commitments to be drawn down over time and to be funded by available cash and cash generated from operations and realizations. taking into account prevailing market conditions and both the liquidity and cash or liquid investment balances, we believe that the sources of liquidity described above will be more than sufficient to fund our working capital requirements.
(b)   represents a legacy fund managed by us as a result of the 2012 acquisition of the investment advisory business of bxmt.
(c)   represents capital commitments to a number of other funds in each respective segment.
blackstone, through indirect subsidiaries, has a $1.1 billion unsecured revolving credit facility (the “credit facility”) with citibank, n.a., as administrative agent with a maturity date of may 29, 2019. borrowings may also be made in u.k. sterling, euros, swiss francs or japanese yen, in each case subject to certain sub-limits. the credit facility contains customary representations, covenants and events of default. financial covenants consist of a maximum net leverage ratio and a requirement to keep a minimum amount of fee-earning assets under management, each tested quarterly.
in august 2009, blackstone holdings finance co. l.l.c. issued $600 million in aggregate principal amount of 6.625% senior notes which will mature on august 15, 2019, unless earlier redeemed or repurchased. in september 2010, blackstone holdings finance co. l.l.c. issued $400 million in aggregate principal amount of 5.875% senior notes which will mature on march 15, 2021, unless earlier redeemed or repurchased. in august 2012, blackstone holdings finance co. l.l.c. issued $400 million in aggregate principal amount of 4.75% senior notes which will mature on february 15, 2023 and $250 million in aggregate principal amount of 6.25% senior notes which will mature on august 15, 2042. in april 2014, blackstone holdings finance co. l.l.c. issued $500 million in aggregate principal amount of 5.000% senior notes which will mature on june 15, 2044, unless earlier redeemed or repurchased. in april 2015, blackstone holdings finance co. l.l.c. issued $350 million in aggregate principal amount of 4.450% senior notes which will mature on july 15, 2045, unless earlier redeemed or repurchased. in may 2015, blackstone holdings finance co. l.l.c. issued €300 million in aggregate principal amount of 2.000% senior notes which will mature on may 19, 2025, unless earlier redeemed or repurchased. (these senior notes are collectively referred to as the “notes”.) the notes are unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of blackstone holdings finance co. l.l.c. and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, by the blackstone group l.p. and each of the blackstone holdings partnerships. the notes contain customary covenants and financial restrictions that, among other things, limit blackstone holdings finance co. l.l.c. and the guarantors’ ability, subject to certain exceptions, to incur indebtedness secured by liens on voting stock or profit participating equity interests of their subsidiaries or merge, consolidate or sell, transfer or lease assets. the notes also contain customary events of default. all or a portion of the notes may be redeemed at our option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, prior to their stated maturity, at the make-whole redemption price set forth in the notes. if a change of control repurchase event occurs, the notes are subject to repurchase at the repurchase price as set forth in the notes.
in january 2008, the board of directors of our general partner, blackstone group management l.l.c., authorized the repurchase of up to $500 million of our common units and blackstone holdings partnership units. under this unit repurchase program, units may be repurchased from time to time in open market transactions, in privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. the timing and the actual number of blackstone common units and blackstone holdings partnership units repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including legal requirements, price and economic and market conditions. this unit repurchase program may be suspended or discontinued at any time and does not have a specified expiration date. during the year ended december 31, 2015, no units were repurchased. as of december 31, 2015, the amount remaining under this program available for repurchases was $335.8 million.
distributions distributable earnings, which is derived from blackstone’s segment reported results, is a supplemental measure to assess performance and amounts available for distributions to blackstone unitholders, including blackstone personnel and others who are limited partners of the blackstone holdings partnerships. distributable
earnings is intended to show the amount of net realized earnings without the effects of the consolidation of the blackstone funds. distributable earnings, which is a component of economic net income, is the sum across all segments of: (a) total management and advisory fees, (b) interest and dividend revenue, (c) other revenue, (d) realized performance fees, and (e) realized investment income (loss); less (a) compensation, excluding the expense of equity-based awards, (b) realized performance fee compensation, (c) other operating expenses, and (d) taxes and related payables including the payable under tax receivable agreement.
our intention is to distribute quarterly to common unitholders approximately 85% of the blackstone group l.p.’s share of distributable earnings, subject to adjustment by amounts determined by blackstone’s general partner to be necessary or appropriate to provide for the conduct of its business, to make appropriate investments in its business and funds, to comply with applicable law, any of its debt instruments or other agreements, or to provide for future cash requirements such as tax-related payments, clawback obligations and distributions to unitholders for any ensuing quarter. the amount to be distributed could also be adjusted upward in any one quarter.
all of the foregoing is subject to the qualification that the declaration and payment of any distributions are at the sole discretion of our general partner, and our general partner may change our distribution policy at any time, including, without limitation, to reduce the quarterly distribution payable to our common unitholders or even to eliminate such distributions entirely.
because the subsidiaries of the blackstone group l.p. must pay taxes and make payments under the tax receivable agreements, the amounts ultimately distributed by the blackstone group l.p. to its common unitholders in respect of each fiscal year are expected to be less, on a per unit basis, than the amounts distributed by the blackstone holdings partnerships to the blackstone personnel and others who are limited partners of the blackstone holdings partnerships in respect of their blackstone holdings partnership units.
with respect to fiscal year 2015, we have paid to common unitholders distributions of $0.89, $0.74, $0.49 and $0.61 per common unit in respect of the first, second, third and fourth quarters, respectively, aggregating $2.73 per common unit. with respect to fiscal years 2014 and 2013, we paid aggregate common unitholder distributions of $2.12 per common unit and $1.34 per common unit, respectively.
with respect to fiscal year 2015, we have paid to the blackstone personnel and others who are limited partners of the blackstone holdings partnerships distributions of $0.90, $0.74, $0.49 and $0.65 per blackstone holdings partnership unit in respect of the first, second, third and fourth quarters, respectively, aggregating $2.78 per blackstone holdings partnership unit. with respect to fiscal years 2014 and 2013, we paid aggregate distributions of $2.46 per blackstone holdings partnership unit and $1.52 per blackstone holdings partnership unit, respectively.
leverage we may under certain circumstances use leverage opportunistically and over time to create the most efficient capital structure for blackstone and our public common unitholders. in addition to the borrowings from our bond issuances and our revolving credit facility, our treasury cash management strategies may use reverse repurchase agreements, repurchase agreements and securities sold, not yet purchased. all of these positions are held in a separately managed portfolio. reverse repurchase agreements are entered into primarily to take advantage of opportunistic yields otherwise absent in the overnight markets and also to use the collateral received to cover securities sold, not yet purchased. repurchase agreements are entered into primarily to opportunistically yield higher spreads on purchased securities. the balances held in these financial instruments fluctuate based on blackstone’s liquidity needs, market conditions and investment risk profiles.
generally our private equity funds, real estate funds, funds of hedge funds and credit-focused funds have not utilized substantial leverage at the fund level other than for (a) short-term borrowings between the date of an investment and the receipt of capital from the investing fund’s investors, and (b) long-term borrowings for certain investments in aggregate amounts which are generally 2% to 20% of the capital commitments of the respective fund. our carry funds make direct or indirect investments in companies that utilize leverage in their capital structure. the degree of leverage employed varies among portfolio companies.
certain of our real estate debt hedge funds, hedge fund solutions and credit funds use leverage in order to obtain additional market exposure, enhance returns on invested capital and/or to bridge short-term cash needs. the forms of leverage primarily employed by these funds include purchasing securities on margin, utilizing collateralized financing and using derivative instruments.
the following table presents information regarding these financial instruments in our consolidated statements of financial condition:
critical accounting policies we prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with gaap. in applying many of these accounting principles, we need to make assumptions, estimates and/or judgments that affect the reported amounts of
assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses in our consolidated financial statements. we base our estimates and judgments on historical experience and other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. these assumptions, estimates and/or judgments, however, are often subjective. actual results may be affected negatively based on changing circumstances. if actual amounts are ultimately different from our estimates, the revisions are included in our results of operations for the period in which the actual amounts become known. we believe the following critical accounting policies could potentially produce materially different results if we were to change underlying assumptions, estimates and/or judgments. (see note 2. “summary of significant accounting policies” in the “notes to consolidated financial statements” in “— item 8. financial statements and supplementary data” of this filing.)
principles of consolidation the partnership consolidates all entities that it controls through a majority voting interest or otherwise, including those blackstone funds in which the general partner has a controlling financial interest. the partnership has a controlling interest in blackstone holdings because the limited partners do not have the right to dissolve the partnerships or have substantive kick out rights or participating rights that would overcome the presumption of control by the partnership. accordingly, the partnership consolidates blackstone holdings and records non-controlling interests to reflect the economic interests of the limited partners of blackstone holdings.
in addition, the partnership consolidates all variable interest entities (“vie”) in which it is the primary beneficiary. an enterprise is determined to be the primary beneficiary if it holds a controlling financial interest. a controlling financial interest is defined as (a) the power to direct the activities of a vie that most significantly impact the entity’s economic performance and (b) the obligation to absorb losses of the entity or the right to receive benefits from the entity that could potentially be significant to the vie. the consolidation guidance requires an analysis to determine (a) whether an entity in which the partnership holds a variable interest is a vie and (b) whether the partnership’s involvement, through holding interests directly or indirectly in the entity or contractually through other variable interests (for example, management and performance related fees), would give it a controlling financial interest. performance of that analysis requires the exercise of judgment.
the partnership determines whether it is the primary beneficiary of a vie at the time it becomes involved with a variable interest entity and reconsiders that conclusion continually. in evaluating whether the partnership is the primary beneficiary, blackstone evaluates its economic interests in the entity held either directly or indirectly by the partnership. the consolidation analysis can generally be performed qualitatively; however, if it is not readily apparent that the partnership is not the primary beneficiary, a quantitative analysis may also be performed. investments and redemptions (either by the partnership, affiliates of the partnership or third parties) or amendments to the governing documents of the respective blackstone funds could affect an entity’s status as a vie or the determination of the primary beneficiary. at each reporting date, the partnership assesses whether it is the primary beneficiary and will consolidate or deconsolidate accordingly.
assets of consolidated vies that can only be used to settle obligations of the consolidated vie and liabilities of a consolidated vie for which creditors (or beneficial interest holders) do not have recourse to the general credit of blackstone are presented in a separate section in the consolidated statements of financial condition.
revenue recognition revenues primarily consist of management and advisory fees, performance fees, investment income, interest and dividend revenue and other. please refer to “part i. item 1. business — incentive arrangements / fee structure” for additional information regarding the manner in which base management fees and performance fees are generated.
management and advisory fees, net — management and advisory fees, net are comprised of management fees, including base management fees, transaction and other fees, advisory fees and management fee reductions and offsets.
the partnership earns base management fees from limited partners of funds in each of its managed funds, at a fixed percentage of assets under management, net asset value, total assets, committed capital or invested capital, or in some cases, a fixed fee. base management fees are recognized based on contractual terms specified in the underlying investment advisory agreements. the range of management fee rates and the calculation base from which they are earned, generally, are as follows:
•   0.25% to 2.00% of committed capital or invested capital during the investment period,
•   0.25% to 1.75% of invested capital or investment fair value subsequent to the investment period for private equity and real estate funds, and
•   1.00% to 1.50% of invested capital or net asset value subsequent to the investment period for certain credit-focused funds.
•   1.50% of net asset value.
•   0.35% to 1.35% of net asset value.
•   0.50% to 2.00% of invested capital, net operating income or net asset value.
on funds of hedge funds and separately managed accounts invested in hedge funds:
•   0.50% to 1.25% of net asset value.
•   0.40% to 0.65% of total assets.
•   0.35% to 1.50% of fund assets or net asset value.
the investment adviser of bxmt receives annual management fees based upon 1.50% of bxmt’s net proceeds received from equity offerings and accumulated “core earnings” (which is generally equal to its gaap net income excluding certain non-cash and other items), subject to certain adjustments.
transaction and other fees (including monitoring fees) are fees charged directly to managed funds and portfolio companies. the investment advisory agreements generally require that the investment adviser reduce the amount of management fees payable by the limited partners to the partnership (“management fee reductions”) by an amount equal to a portion of the transaction and other fees directly paid to the partnership by the portfolio companies. the amount of the reduction varies by fund, the type of fee paid by the portfolio company and the previously incurred expenses of the fund.
management fee offsets are reductions to management fees payable by the limited partners of the blackstone funds, which are granted based on the amount such limited partners reimburse the blackstone funds for placement fees.
advisory fees consist of advisory retainer and transaction-based fee arrangements related to financial and strategic advisory services, restructuring and reorganization advisory services, capital markets services and fund
placement services for alternative investment funds. advisory retainer fees are recognized when services for the transactions are complete, in accordance with terms set forth in individual agreements. transaction-based fees are recognized when (a) there is evidence of an arrangement with a client, (b) agreed upon services have been provided, (c) fees are fixed or determinable, and (d) collection is reasonably assured. fund placement fees are recognized as earned upon the acceptance by a fund of capital or capital commitments.
accrued but unpaid management and advisory fees, net of management fee reductions and management fee offsets, as of the reporting date are included in accounts receivable or due from affiliates in the consolidated statements of financial condition. management fees paid by limited partners to the blackstone funds and passed on to blackstone are not considered affiliate revenues.
performance fees — performance fees earned on the performance of blackstone’s hedge fund structures (“incentive fees”) are recognized based on fund performance during the period, subject to the achievement of minimum return levels, or high water marks, in accordance with the respective terms set out in each hedge fund’s governing agreements. accrued but unpaid incentive fees charged directly to investors in blackstone’s offshore hedge funds as of the reporting date are recorded within due from affiliates in the consolidated statements of financial condition. accrued but unpaid incentive fees on onshore funds as of the reporting date are reflected in investments in the consolidated statements of financial condition. incentive fees are realized at the end of a measurement period, typically annually. once realized, such fees are not subject to clawback or reversal.
in certain fund structures, specifically in private equity, real estate and certain hedge fund solutions and credit-focused funds (“carry funds”), performance fees (“carried interest”) are allocated to the general partner based on cumulative fund performance to date, subject to a preferred return to limited partners. at the end of each reporting period, the partnership calculates the carried interest that would be due to the partnership for each fund, pursuant to the fund agreements, as if the fair value of the underlying investments were realized as of such date, irrespective of whether such amounts have been realized. as the fair value of underlying investments varies between reporting periods, it is necessary to make adjustments to amounts recorded as carried interest to reflect either (a) positive performance resulting in an increase in the carried interest allocated to the general partner or (b) negative performance that would cause the amount due to the partnership to be less than the amount previously recognized as revenue, resulting in a negative adjustment to carried interest allocated to the general partner. in each scenario, it is necessary to calculate the carried interest on cumulative results compared to the carried interest recorded to date and make the required positive or negative adjustments. the partnership ceases to record negative carried interest allocations once previously recognized carried interest allocations for such fund have been fully reversed. the partnership is not obligated to pay guaranteed returns or hurdles, and therefore, cannot have negative carried interest over the life of a fund. accrued but unpaid carried interest as of the reporting date is reflected in investments in the consolidated statements of financial condition.
carried interest is realized when an underlying investment is profitably disposed of and the fund’s cumulative returns are in excess of the preferred return or, in limited instances, after certain thresholds for return of capital are met. carried interest is subject to clawback to the extent that the carried interest received to date exceeds the amount due to blackstone based on cumulative results. as such, the accrual for potential repayment of previously received carried interest, which is a component of due to affiliates, represents all amounts previously distributed to blackstone holdings and non-controlling interest holders that would need to be repaid to the blackstone funds if the blackstone carry funds were to be liquidated based on the current fair value of the underlying funds’ investments as of the reporting date. the actual clawback liability, however, generally does not become realized until the end of a fund’s life except for certain funds, including certain blackstone real estate funds, multi-asset class investment funds and credit-focused funds, which may have an interim clawback liability.
investment income (loss) — investment income (loss) represents the unrealized and realized gains and losses on the partnership’s principal investments, including its investments in blackstone funds that are not consolidated, its equity method investments, and other principal investments. investment income (loss) is realized when the partnership redeems all or a portion of its investment or when the partnership receives cash income, such as
dividends or distributions. unrealized investment income (loss) results from changes in the fair value of the underlying investment as well as the reversal of unrealized gain (loss) at the time an investment is realized.
other revenue — other revenue consists of miscellaneous income and foreign exchange gains and losses arising on transactions denominated in currencies other than u.s. dollars.
expenses our expenses include compensation and benefits expense and general and administrative expenses. our accounting policies related thereto are as follows:
compensation and benefits — compensation — compensation and benefits consists of (a) employee compensation, comprising salary and bonus, and benefits paid and payable to employees and senior managing directors and (b) equity-based compensation associated with the grants of equity-based awards to employees and senior managing directors. compensation cost relating to the issuance of equity-based awards to senior managing directors and employees is measured at fair value at the grant date, taking into consideration expected forfeitures, and expensed over the vesting period on a straight-line basis, except in the case of (a) equity-based awards that do not require future service, which are expensed immediately and (b) certain awards to recipients that meet specified criteria making them eligible for retirement treatment (allowing such recipient to keep a percentage of those awards upon departure from blackstone after becoming eligible for retirement), for which the expense for the portion of the award that would be retained in the event of retirement is either expensed immediately or amortized to the retirement date. cash settled equity-based awards are classified as liabilities and are remeasured at the end of each reporting period.
compensation and benefits — performance fee — performance fee compensation consists of carried interest (which may be distributed in cash or in-kind) and incentive fee allocations, and may in future periods also include allocations of investment income from blackstone’s firm investments, to employees and senior managing directors participating in certain profit sharing initiatives. such compensation expense is subject to both positive and negative adjustments. unlike carried interest and incentive fees, compensation expense is based on the performance of individual investments held by a fund rather than on a fund by fund basis. compensation received from advisory clients in the form of securities of such clients may also be allocated to employees and senior managing directors.
fair value of financial instruments gaap establishes a hierarchical disclosure framework which prioritizes and ranks the level of market price observability used in measuring financial instruments at fair value. market price observability is affected by a number of factors, including the type of financial instrument, the characteristics specific to the financial instrument and the state of the marketplace, including the existence and transparency of transactions between market participants. financial instruments with readily available quoted prices in active markets generally will have a higher degree of market price observability and a lesser degree of judgment used in measuring fair value.
financial instruments measured and reported at fair value are classified and disclosed based on the observability of inputs used in the determination of fair values, as follows:
•                                                        level i — quoted prices are available in active markets for identical financial instruments as of the reporting date. the types of financial instruments in level i include listed equities, listed derivatives and mutual funds with quoted prices. the partnership does not adjust the quoted price for these investments, even in situations where blackstone holds a large position and a sale could reasonably impact the quoted price.
•                                                        level ii — pricing inputs are other than quoted prices in active markets, which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date, and fair value is determined through the use of models or other valuation methodologies. financial instruments which are generally included in this category include corporate bonds and loans, including corporate bonds and loans held within clo vehicles, government and agency securities, less liquid and restricted equity securities, and certain over-the-counter derivatives where the fair value is based on observable inputs. upon adoption of the new clo measurement guidance adopted as of january 1, 2015, senior and subordinated notes issued by clo vehicles are classified within level ii of the fair value hierarchy.
•                                                        level iii — pricing inputs are unobservable for the financial instruments and includes situations where there is little, if any, market activity for the financial instrument. the inputs into the determination of fair value require significant management judgment or estimation. financial instruments that are included in this category generally include general and limited partnership interests in private equity and real estate funds, credit-focused funds, distressed debt and non-investment grade residual interests in securitizations, certain corporate bonds and loans held within clo vehicles, and certain over-the-counter derivatives where the fair value is based on unobservable inputs. for periods prior to the adoption of new clo measurement guidance, senior and subordinate notes issued by clo vehicles are classified within level iii of the fair value hierarchy.
in certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. in such cases, the determination of which category within the fair value hierarchy is appropriate for any given financial instrument is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. the partnership’s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment and considers factors specific to the financial instrument.
transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy are recognized at the beginning of the reporting period.
level ii valuation techniques financial instruments classified within level ii of the fair value hierarchy comprise debt instruments, including certain corporate loans and bonds held by blackstone’s consolidated clo vehicles, those held within blackstone’s treasury cash management strategies and debt securities sold, not yet purchased and interests in investment funds. certain equity securities and derivative instruments valued using observable inputs are also classified as level ii.
the valuation techniques used to value financial instruments classified within level ii of the fair value hierarchy are as follows:
•                                                   debt instruments and equity securities are valued on the basis of prices from an orderly transaction between market participants provided by reputable dealers or pricing services. in determining the value of a particular investment, pricing services may use certain information with respect to transactions in such investments, quotations from dealers, pricing matrices and market transactions in comparable investments and various relationships between investments. the valuation of certain equity securities is based on an observable price for an identical security adjusted for the effect of a restriction.
•                                           upon adoption of the new clo measurement guidance adopted january 1, 2015, senior and subordinate notes issued by clo vehicles are classified based on the more observable fair value of clo assets less (a) the fair value of any beneficial interests held by blackstone, and (b) the carrying value of any beneficial interests that represent compensation for services.
level iii valuation techniques in the absence of observable market prices, blackstone values its investments using valuation methodologies applied on a consistent basis. for some investments little market activity may exist; management’s determination of fair value is then based on the best information available in the circumstances, and may incorporate management’s own assumptions and involves a significant degree of judgment, taking into consideration a combination of internal and external factors, including the appropriate risk adjustments for non-performance and liquidity risks. investments for which market prices are not observable include private investments in the equity of operating companies, real estate properties, certain funds of hedge funds and credit-focused investments.
private equity investments — the fair values of private equity investments are determined by reference to projected net earnings, earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (“ebitda”), the discounted cash flow method, public market or private transactions, valuations for comparable companies and other measures which, in many cases, are based on unaudited information at the time received. valuations may be derived by reference to observable valuation measures for comparable companies or transactions (for example, multiplying a key performance metric of the investee company, such as ebitda, by a relevant valuation multiple observed in the range of comparable companies or transactions), adjusted by management for differences between the investment and the referenced comparables, and in some instances by reference to option pricing models or other similar methods. where a discounted cash flow method is used, a terminal value is derived by reference to ebitda or price/earnings exit multiples.
real estate investments — the fair values of real estate investments are determined by considering projected operating cash flows, sales of comparable assets, if any, and replacement costs among other measures. the methods used to estimate the fair value of real estate investments include the discounted cash flow method and/or capitalization rates (“cap rates”) analysis. valuations may be derived by reference to observable valuation measures for comparable companies or assets (for example, multiplying a key performance metric of the investee company or asset, such as ebitda, by a relevant valuation multiple observed in the range of comparable companies or transactions), adjusted by management for differences between the investment and the referenced comparables, and in some instances by reference to option pricing models or other similar methods. where a discounted cash flow method is used, a terminal value is derived by reference to an exit ebitda multiple or capitalization rate. additionally, where applicable, projected distributable cash flow through debt maturity will be considered in support of the investment’s fair value.
credit-focused investments — the fair values of credit-focused investments are generally determined on the basis of prices between market participants provided by reputable dealers or pricing services. in some instances, blackstone may utilize other valuation techniques, including the discounted cash flow method or a market approach.
credit-focused liabilities — credit-focused liabilities comprise senior and subordinate loans issued by blackstone’s consolidated clo vehicles. such liabilities are valued using a discounted cash flow method. on the adoption of new accounting guidance as of january 1, 2015 and the application of a permitted measurement alternative, such liabilities are valued based on the more observable fair value of related assets held by clo vehicles less (a) the fair value of any beneficial interests held by blackstone and (b) the carrying value of any beneficial interest that represent compensation for services.
level iii valuation process investments classified within level iii of the fair value hierarchy are valued on a quarterly basis, taking into consideration any changes in blackstone’s weighted-average cost of capital assumptions, discounted cash flow projections and exit multiple assumptions, as well as any changes in economic and other relevant conditions, and valuation models are updated accordingly. the valuation process also includes a review by an independent valuation party, at least annually for all investments, and quarterly for certain investments, to corroborate the values determined by management. the valuations of blackstone’s investments are reviewed quarterly by a valuation
committee chaired by blackstone’s vice chairman and includes senior heads of each of blackstone’s businesses, as well as representatives of legal and finance. each quarter, the valuations of blackstone’s investments are also reviewed by the audit committee in a meeting attended by the chairman of the valuation committee. the valuations are further tested by comparison to actual sales prices obtained on disposition of the investments.
investments, at fair value the blackstone funds are accounted for as investment companies under the american institute of certified public accountants accounting and auditing guide, investment companies, and reflect their investments, including majority-owned and controlled investments (the “portfolio companies”), at fair value. such consolidated funds’ investments are reflected in investments on the consolidated statements of financial condition at fair value, with unrealized gains and losses resulting from changes in fair value reflected as a component of net gains (losses) from fund investment activities in the consolidated statements of operations. fair value is the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability, in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date (i.e., the exit price).
blackstone’s principal investments are presented at fair value with unrealized appreciation or depreciation and realized gains and losses recognized in the consolidated statements of operations within investment income (loss).
for certain instruments, the partnership has elected the fair value option. such election is irrevocable and is applied on an investment by investment basis at initial recognition. the partnership has applied the fair value option for certain loans and receivables and certain investments in private debt securities that otherwise would not have been carried at fair value with gains and losses recorded in net income. accounting for these financial instruments at fair value is consistent with how the partnership accounts for its other principal investments. loans extended to third parties are recorded within accounts receivable within the consolidated statements of financial condition. debt securities for which the fair value option has been elected are recorded within investments. the methodology for measuring the fair value of such investments is consistent with the methodology applied to private equity, real estate, credit-focused and funds of hedge funds investments. changes in the fair value of such instruments are recognized in investment income (loss) in the consolidated statements of operations. interest income on interest bearing loans and receivables and debt securities on which the fair value option has been elected is based on stated coupon rates adjusted for the accretion of purchase discounts and the amortization of purchase premiums. this interest income is recorded within interest and dividend revenue.
in addition, the partnership has elected the fair value option for the assets and liabilities of clo vehicles that are consolidated as of january 1, 2010, as a result of the initial adoption of variable interest entity consolidation guidance. the partnership has also elected the fair value option for clo vehicles consolidated as a result of the acquisitions of clo management contracts or the acquisition of the share capital of clo managers. historically, the adjustment resulting from the difference between the fair value of assets and liabilities for each of these events was presented as a transition and acquisition adjustment to appropriated partners’ capital. assets of the consolidated clos are presented within investments within the consolidated statements of financial condition and liabilities within loans payable for the amounts due to unaffiliated third parties and due to affiliates for the amounts held by non-consolidated affiliates. changes in the fair value of consolidated clo assets and liabilities and related interest, dividend and other income subsequent to adoption and acquisition are presented within net gains (losses) from fund investment activities. expenses of consolidated clo vehicles are presented in fund expenses. historically, amounts attributable to non-controlling interests in consolidated entities had a corresponding adjustment to appropriated partners’ capital. on the adoption of the new clo measurement guidance, there is no attribution of amounts to non-controlling interests and no corresponding adjustments to appropriated partners’ capital.
the partnership has elected the fair value option for certain proprietary investments that would otherwise have been accounted for using the equity method of accounting. the fair value of such investments is based on quoted prices in an active market or using the discounted cash flow method. changes in fair value are recognized in investment income (loss) in the consolidated statements of operations.
further disclosure on instruments for which the fair value option has been elected is presented in note 7. “fair value option” in the “notes to consolidated financial statements” in “— item 8. financial statements and supplementary data” of this filing.
the investments of consolidated blackstone funds in funds of hedge funds (“investee funds”) are valued at net asset value (“nav”) per share of the investee fund. in limited circumstances, the partnership may determine, based on its own due diligence and investment procedures, that nav per share does not represent fair value. in such circumstances, the partnership will estimate the fair value in good faith and in a manner that it reasonably chooses, in accordance with the requirements of gaap.
certain investments of blackstone and of the consolidated blackstone funds of hedge funds and credit-focused funds measure their investments in underlying funds at fair value using nav per share without adjustment. the terms of the investee’s investment generally provide for minimum holding periods or lock-ups, the institution of gates on redemptions or the suspension of redemptions or an ability to side pocket investments, at the discretion of the investee’s fund manager, and as a result, investments may not be redeemable at, or within three months of, the reporting date. a side pocket is used by hedge funds and funds of hedge funds to separate investments that may lack a readily ascertainable value, are illiquid or are subject to liquidity restriction. redemptions are generally not permitted until the investments within a side pocket are liquidated or it is deemed that the conditions existing at the time that required the investment to be included in the side pocket no longer exist. as the timing of either of these events is uncertain, the timing at which the partnership may redeem an investment held in a side pocket cannot be estimated. further disclosure on instruments for which fair value is measured using nav per share is presented in note 5. “net asset value as fair value” in the “notes to consolidated financial statements” in “— item 8. financial statements and supplementary data” of this filing.
intangibles and goodwill blackstone’s intangible assets consist of contractual rights to earn future fee income, including management and advisory fees, incentive fees and carried interest. identifiable finite-lived intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives, ranging from 3 to 20 years, reflecting the contractual lives of such assets. amortization expense is included within general, administrative and other in the consolidated statements of operations. the partnership does not hold any indefinite-lived intangible assets. intangible assets are reviewed for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.
goodwill comprises goodwill arising from the contribution and reorganization of the partnership’s predecessor entities in 2007 immediately prior to its ipo, the acquisition of gso in 2008 and the acquisition of strategic partners in 2013. goodwill is reviewed for impairment at least annually utilizing a qualitative or quantitative approach, and more frequently if circumstances indicate impairment may have occurred. the impairment testing for goodwill under the qualitative approach is based first on a qualitative assessment to determine if it is more likely than not that the fair value of blackstone’s operating segments is less than their respective carrying values. the operating segment is the reporting level for testing the impairment of goodwill. if it is determined that it is more likely than not that an operating segment’s fair value is less than its carrying value or when the quantitative approach is used, a two-step quantitative assessment is performed to (a) calculate the fair value of the operating segment and compare it to its carrying value, and (b) if the carrying value exceeds its fair value, to measure an impairment loss.
management has organized the firm into four operating segments. all of the components in each segment have similar economic characteristics and management makes key operating decisions based on the performance of each segment. therefore, we believe that operating segment is the appropriate reporting level for testing the impairment of goodwill.
the carrying value of goodwill was $1.7 billion and $1.8 billion as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. at december 31, 2015 and 2014, we determined there was no evidence of goodwill impairment.
off-balance sheet arrangements in the normal course of business, we enter into various off-balance sheet arrangements including sponsoring and owning limited or general partner interests in consolidated and non-consolidated funds, entering into derivative transactions, entering into operating leases, and entering into guarantee arrangements. we also have ongoing capital commitment arrangements with certain of our consolidated and non-consolidated drawdown funds. we do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that would require us to fund losses or guarantee target returns to investors in our funds.
further disclosure on our off-balance sheet arrangements is presented in the “notes to consolidated financial statements” in “— item 8. financial statements and supplementary data” of this filing as follows:
•   note 6. “derivative financial instruments”,
•   note 18. “commitments and contingencies — commitments, operating leases; — commitments, investment commitments; and —
recent accounting developments information regarding recent accounting developments and their impact on blackstone can be found in note 2. “summary of significant accounting policies” in the “notes to consolidated financial statements” in “— item 8. financial statements and supplementary data” of this filing.
contractual obligations, commitments and contingencies the following table sets forth information relating to our contractual obligations as of december 31, 2015 on a consolidated basis and on a basis deconsolidating the blackstone funds:
operating lease obligations (a)                                                                                  $75,076                   $146,836                    $130,986                     $490,835           $843,733
blackstone funds capital commitments to investee funds (f)                                                        48,633                          —                           —                            —                       48,633
unrecognized tax benefits, including interest and penalties (h)                                                    5,630                          —                           —                            —                        5,630
blackstone operating entities capital commitments to blackstone funds and other (i)                            1,994,471                          —                           —                            —                    1,994,471
blackstone funds capital commitments to investee funds (f)                                                       (48,633   )                      —                           —                            —                      (48,633   )
blackstone operating entities contractual obligations                                                         $2,319,149                   $597,650                  $1,152,161                   $4,961,901           $9,030,861
(a)                                             we lease our primary office space under agreements that expire through 2032. in connection with certain lease agreements, we are responsible for escalation payments.
the contractual obligation table above includes only guaranteed minimum lease payments for such leases and does not project potential escalation or other lease-related payments. these leases are classified as operating leases for financial statement purposes and as such are not recorded as liabilities on the consolidated statements of financial condition. the amounts are presented net of contractual sublease commitments.
(b)   represents the principal amount due on the senior notes we issued. as of december 31, 2015, we had no outstanding borrowings under our revolver.
(c)   represents interest to be paid over the maturity of our senior notes and borrowings under our revolving credit facility which has been calculated assuming no pre-payments are made and debt is held until its final maturity date. these amounts exclude commitment fees for unutilized borrowings under our revolver.
(d)   these obligations are those of the blackstone funds including the consolidated clo vehicles.
(e)                           represents interest to be paid over the maturity of the related consolidated blackstone funds’ and clo vehicles’ debt obligations which has been calculated assuming no pre-payments will be made and debt will be held until its final maturity date. the future interest payments are calculated using variable rates in effect as of
december 31, 2015, at spreads to market rates pursuant to the financing agreements, and range from 0.33% to 7.00%. the majority of the borrowings are due on demand and for purposes of this schedule are assumed to mature within one year. interest on the majority of these borrowings rolls over into the principal balance at each reset date.
(f)   these obligations represent commitments of the consolidated blackstone funds to make capital contributions to investee funds and portfolio companies. these amounts are generally due on demand and are therefore presented in the less than one year category.
(g)                                           represents obligations by the partnership’s corporate subsidiary to make payments under the tax receivable agreements to certain non-controlling interest holders for the tax savings realized from the taxable purchases of their interests in connection with the reorganization at the time of blackstone’s initial public offering in 2007 and subsequent purchases. the obligation represents the amount of the payments currently expected to be made, which are dependent on the tax savings actually realized as determined annually without discounting for the timing of the payments. as required by gaap, the amount of the obligation included in the consolidated financial statements and shown in note 17. “related party transactions” (see “item 8. financial statements and supplementary data”) differs to reflect the net present value of the payments due to certain non-controlling interest holders.
(h)                                               the total represents gross unrecognized tax benefits of $3.2 million and interest and penalties of $2.4 million. in addition, blackstone is not able to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the timing of payments in individual years in connection with gross unrecognized benefits of $12.5 million and interest of $5.0 million; therefore, such amounts are not included in the above contractual obligations table.
(i)                                             these obligations represent commitments by us to provide general partner capital funding to the blackstone funds, limited partner capital funding to other funds and blackstone principal investment commitments. these amounts are generally due on demand and are therefore presented in the less than one year category; however, a substantial amount of the capital commitments are expected to be called over the next three years. we expect to continue to make these general partner capital commitments as we raise additional amounts for our investment funds over time.
in connection with the spin-off of our financial and strategic advisory services, restructuring and reorganization advisory service and park hill group businesses, certain of the blackstone equity awards held by pjt partners’ personnel who remained employed with pjt partners through the spin-off were converted into equity awards of pjt partners. as described under “certain relationships and related party transactions — agreements with blackstone related to the spin-off — employee matters agreement” in the form 10 filed by pjt partners inc. on september 3, 2015, if in the first 180 calendar days following the spin-off the value of the pjt partners’ personnel’s converted equity award is less than the value that the relinquished blackstone award would have had over the same period, blackstone will pay (in cash, blackstone equity or pjt partners equity, at blackstone’s discretion) certain “true-up” awards to pjt partners’ personnel. as an illustrative example, $8.3 million would be payable by blackstone pursuant to this “true-up” requirement if the “true-up” awards were calculated as of december 31, 2015.
guarantees blackstone and certain of its consolidated funds provide financial guarantees. the amounts and nature of these guarantees are described in note 18. “commitments and contingencies — contingencies — guarantees” in the “notes to consolidated financial statements” in “— item 8. financial statements and supplementary data” of this filing.
indemnifications in many of its service contracts, blackstone agrees to indemnify the third party service provider under certain circumstances. the terms of the indemnities vary from contract to contract and the amount of indemnification liability, if any, cannot be determined and has not been included in the table above or recorded in our consolidated financial statements as of december 31, 2015.
clawback obligations carried interest is subject to clawback to the extent that the carried interest received to date with respect to a fund exceeds the amount due to blackstone based on cumulative results of that fund. the actual clawback liability, however, generally does not become realized until the end of a fund’s life except for certain blackstone real estate funds, multi-asset class investment funds and credit-focused funds, which may have an interim clawback liability. the lives of the carry funds, including available contemplated extensions, for which a liability for potential clawback obligations has been recorded for financial reporting purposes, are currently anticipated to expire at various points through 2028. further extensions of such terms may be implemented under given circumstances.
for financial reporting purposes, the general partners have recorded a liability for potential clawback obligations to the limited partners of some of the carry funds due to changes in the unrealized value of a fund’s remaining investments and where the fund’s general partner has previously received carried interest distributions with respect to such fund’s realized investments.
as of december 31, 2015, the total clawback obligations were $3.4 million, of which $1.7 million related to current and former blackstone personnel and $1.7 million related to blackstone holdings. if, at december 31, 2015, all of the investments held by our carry funds were deemed worthless, a possibility that management views as remote, the amount of carried interest subject to potential clawback would be $4.4 billion, on an after tax basis where applicable, of which $4.1 billion related to blackstone holdings and $370.5 million related to current and former blackstone personnel. (see note 17. “related party transactions” and note 18. “commitments and contingencies” in the “notes to consolidated financial statements” in “— item 8. financial statements and supplementary data” of this filing.)