item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operation references to "deckers," "we," "us," "our," or similar terms refer to deckers outdoor corporation together with its consolidated subsidiaries. the following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with our accompanying consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes included in part iv of this annual report on form 10-k. certain reclassifications were made for all prior periods presented including the year ended march 31, 2015, the quarter ended march 31, 2014 (transition period) and years ended december 31, 2013, 2014, and 2015 to conform to the current period presentation.
overview we are a global leader in designing, marketing and distributing innovative footwear, apparel and accessories developed for both everyday casual lifestyle use and high performance activities. we market our products primarily under six proprietary brands, composed of the following three primary brands and our other brands:
in addition to our three primary brands, our other brands include hoka one one® (hoka), a line of footwear for all capacities of runners designed with a unique performance midsole geometry, oversized midsole volume and active foot frame; ahnu®, a line of performance outdoor and yoga footwear; and koolaburra® by ugg (koolaburra), a line of fashion casual footwear using sheepskin and other plush materials.
we sell our brands through quality domestic retailers and international distributors and retailers, as well as directly to our end-user consumers through our direct-to-consumer (dtc) business. independent third parties manufacture all of our products.
change in fiscal year in february 2014, our board of directors approved a change in our fiscal year end from december 31 to march 31. the change was intended to better align our planning, financial and reporting functions with the seasonality of our business. the 2016, 2015 and 2013 fiscal years are for the periods ended march 31, 2016, march 31, 2015 and december 31, 2013, respectively. the 2014 transition period was the quarter ended march 31, 2014, to coincide with the change in our fiscal year end.
recent developments in july 2014, we acquired our ugg brand distributor that had been selling to retailers in germany and continues to operate as a wholesale business in germany through the acquired subsidiary. the acquisition included certain intangible and tangible assets and the assumption of liabilities. the purchase price of the acquisition was not material to our consolidated financial statements.
in april 2015, we acquired substantially all the assets related to the koolaburra brand, a line of fashion casual footwear using sheepskin and other plush materials. we believe there is significant consumer demand for footwear using sheepskin and other plush materials at price points below those of the ugg brand.
in july 2015, we sold certain tangible and intangible assets, and the trade name related to the mozo® brand, a footwear brand crafted for culinary professionals. in february 2016, we sold certain tangible and intangible assets, including the trade name related to the tsubo brand, a line of mid and high-end dress and dress casual footwear. the impacts of these sales were not material to our consolidated financial statements.
in february 2016, we announced the implementation of a retail store fleet optimization and office consolidation that was intended to streamline brand operations, reduce overhead costs, create operating efficiencies and improve collaboration and included the closure of facilities and relocation of employees. we have begun to realign our brands across two groups: fashion lifestyle and performance lifestyle. the fashion lifestyle group will include the ugg and koolaburra brands. the performance lifestyle group will include the teva, sanuk and hoka brands. as part of this realignment, we also relocated our sanuk brand operations in irvine, california to the corporate headquarters in goleta, california. in addition, we closed our ahnu brand operations office in richmond, california and consolidated our european offices. furthermore, we are in the process of evaluating our portfolio of retail stores. we have identified 24 retail stores that are candidates for potential closure. subsequent to the sales of the mozo and tsubo brands, the operating results for our other brands only include hoka, ahnu and koolaburra. we plan to leverage elements, including particular styles, of the ahnu brand under the umbrella of the teva brand beginning in calendar year 2017. refer to note 2 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements in part iv of this annual report on form 10-k for further information.
as a result of the retail store fleet optimization, office consolidation and software impairments, we have expensed restructuring charges totaling approximately $25,000 at march 31, 2016. of this amount, approximately $9,000 is related to lease termination costs, $4,000 is related to severance costs, $6,000 is related to impairment of leasehold improvements and various assets, $4,000 is related to various bt supply chain software impairments, and $2,000 for termination of various contracts. of the total amount, approximately $15,000 was accrued as a non-cash impact at march 31, 2016, but will have cash impacts in the fiscal year ended march 31, 2017. approximately $2,000 of the charges was recognized in cost of sales and the remainder was recorded in selling, general and administrative (sg&a). it is anticipated that we will incur an additional $10,000 to $15,000 of similar restructuring charges in the fiscal year ending march 31, 2017. the segment impacts of the total restructuring charges is as follow: sanuk brand wholesale charges of approximately $3,000, other brands wholesale charges of approximately $2,500 related to the ahnu brand, dtc charges of approximately $10,500, and the remainder of approximately $9,000 to unallocated overhead expenses, primarily bt supply chain software impairments and european office consolidation. the restructuring is expected to result in annualized expense savings in the range of $30,000 to $35,000. we expect to complete a majority of the restructuring activity by the end of the fiscal year ended march 31, 2017. it is anticipated that these cost savings will be offset by increases in other sg&a expenses during the fiscal year ended march 31, 2017.
for the past several years, we have been planning and preparing to improve, automate and streamline our operational systems, processes, infrastructure and management (business transformation project or bt). one such initiative was to upgrade our enterprise resource planning (erp) system. our erp system integrates finance and accounting, purchase order management, inventory control, operations and sales across all lines of business. the erp system centralizes all of our transactional data. we anticipate that the result is to increase efficiencies within the entire company. the initiative to upgrade our erp system worldwide went live in april 2016.
trends impacting our overall business our business has been, and we expect that it will continue to be, impacted by several important trends:
•   sales of our products are highly seasonal and are sensitive to weather conditions, which are beyond our control. even though we continue to expand our product lines and create more year-round styles for our brands, the effect of favorable or unfavorable weather on our aggregate sales has been, and is likely to continue to be, significant. we especially saw the impact of this trend during the third quarter when weather was unseasonably warm in many of our key markets. weather will continue to be a significant factor impacting our business, and it will continue to be difficult for us to predict the impact that weather conditions in any future period will have on our financial condition and operating results.
•   we believe there has been a meaningful shift in the way consumers shop for products and make purchasing decisions, and we expect these behaviors will continue to evolve. in particular, the retail industry appears to be experiencing a significant and prolonged decrease in consumer traffic.
•   fluctuations in currency exchange rates have significantly increased the value of the us dollar compared to most major foreign currencies over the past couple of years. we believe that this has been a significant factor contributing to a slowdown in traffic within our domestic retail locations, particularly within our flagship stores, which are located in major tourist cities. while we seek to hedge some of the risks associated with currency exchange rate fluctuations, these changes are largely outside
of our control. we expect these changes will continue to impact the demand for our products and our operating results.
•   the sheepskin used in certain ugg and koolaburra products is in high demand and limited supply, and there have been significant fluctuations in the price of sheepskin in the past, as the demand for this material has fluctuated. while we continually strive to contain our material costs by entering into fixed price contracts, exploring new footwear materials and utilizing new production technologies, we expect that fluctuations in sheepskin prices will continue to materially impact our financial condition and operating results. in recent years, the impact of sheepskin price fluctuations on our operating results have been less dramatic, which we believe is partially a result of our introduction of uggpuretm, which is real wool material woven into a durable backing.
•   continuing uncertainty surrounding us and global economic conditions has adversely impacted businesses worldwide. some of our customers have been, and more may be, adversely affected, which in turn has, and may continue to, adversely impact our financial results.
•   we believe that consumers have narrowed their footwear product breadth, focusing on brands with a rich heritage and authenticity as market category creators and leaders. we also believe that consumers have become increasingly focused on luxury and comfort, seeking out products and brands that are fashionable while still comfortable.
•   we believe that the growth and evolution of the dtc channel is a principal factor that has allowed us to evolve the lifestyle nature of our brands and to diversify our product lines. the dtc channel exposes individual consumers to the full line of our products, including non-core products such as casual boots and specialty classics. in addition, sales through the dtc channel are typically associated with higher gross margins, which have a favorable impact on our operating results.
•   we have responded and intend to continue to respond to consumer focus on sustainability by establishing objectives, policies, and procedures to help us drive key sustainability initiatives around human rights, environmental conservation, and community affairs.
by emphasizing our brands' images and our focus on comfort, performance and authenticity, we believe we can continue to maintain a loyal consumer following that is less susceptible to fluctuations caused by changing fashions and changes in consumer preferences. in addition, by continuing to diversify our brands, and responding to our customers' demands for innovative product offerings, we believe we can mitigate the impact of seasonality on our business and provide sustainable growth across our brands.
use of non-gaap measures in order to provide a framework for assessing how our underlying businesses performed during the relevant periods excluding the effect of foreign currency rate fluctuations, throughout this annual report on form 10-k we provide certain financial information on a "constant currency basis," which is in addition to the financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with united states generally accepted accounting principles (us gaap). in order to calculate our constant currency information, we calculate the current period financial information using the foreign currency exchange rates that were in effect during the previous comparable period. we believe that evaluating certain financial and operating measures, such as net sales, net income (loss) and reportable segment information on a constant currency basis is important, as it facilitates comparison of our current financial performance to our historical financial performance, excluding the impact of foreign currency rate fluctuations that are not indicative of our core operating results and are largely outside of our control. however, constant currency measures should not be considered in isolation as an alternative to us dollar measures that reflect current period exchange rates, or to other financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with us gaap.
segment overview below is an overview of each of the operating segments of our business, including some key trends and factors that we believe affect each segment, as well as some of our strategies for growing each segment.
ugg brand for almost 40 years, the ugg brand has been one of the most iconic and recognized brands in the global footwear industry which highlights our successful track record of building niche brands into lifestyle market leaders. with loyal consumers around the world the ugg brand has proven to be a highly resilient line of premium footwear, with expanded product offerings and a growing global audience that attracts women, men and children. ugg brand footwear continually earns media exposure from numerous outlets both organically and from strategic public relations efforts, including an increasing amount of exposure internationally. the ugg brand has invested in creating holistic, impactful integrated campaigns across paid, earned and owned media channels, including mobile, digital, social, out-of-home (ooh) and print, which are globally scalable, contributing to broader public awareness of the brand and its products.
•   high consumer brand loyalty, due to almost 40 years of delivering quality and luxuriously comfortable ugg footwear.
•   evolution of our classics business through the evolution of features in our classic boot and the introduction of innovative, classics-inspired products such as the classic slim, the classic luxe, and the classic street, alongside targeted marketing campaigns.
•   continued growth and diversification of our ugg footwear product lines in non-core categories, including weather, casual boots, slippers, specialty classics, and transitional products that bridge the seasons, which has been driven by an important shift in the way we guide our wholesale customers in the pre-booking process.
•   exploration of opportunities in new product categories and styles beyond footwear, such as loungewear, handbags, cold-weather accessories and new home offerings.
•   continued growth of the dtc channel, which we believe will continue to allow us to diversify our ugg product lines, as the dtc channel exposes individual consumers to the full line of our products.
•   continued enhancement of our omni-channel capabilities to enable us to increasingly engage existing and prospective consumers in a more connected environment and expose them to the brand. in particular, we are working towards a more segmented channel and product approach to the market, whereby we can customize our product offerings based on unique consumer reach, market positioning and brand experience.
•   continued evolution of our men's product lines, alongside targeted ugg for men campaigns.
we believe the iconic status and luxurious comfort of ugg products will continue to drive long-term consumer demand for the brand. recognizing that there is a significant fashion element to ugg footwear, and that footwear fashions and consumer preferences fluctuate, one of our key strategies involves diversifying the ugg product line and presenting ugg as a year-round, global, premium lifestyle brand with a broad product line suitable for a variety of climates and a number of occasions. as part of this strategic approach, we have increased our product offerings, including expanding our line of classics-inspired products, evolving our core product offerings such as the classic to deliver more qualities desired by the consumer, growing our transitional collection and spring lines, expanding our men's and children's lines, as well as introducing a variety of home offerings, handbags, cold weather accessories and apparel products. we also continue to focus on our marketing and promotional efforts, which we believe have contributed, and will continue to contribute, to our growth. in april 2016, we continued the evolution of our ugg stylized logo to reflect a more modern, simplified aesthetic. we believe that the evolution of the ugg brand and our strategy of product diversification will also help decrease our reliance on sheepskin, which is in high demand and subject to price volatility. nonetheless, we cannot assure investors that our efforts will continue to result in ugg brand growth.
teva brand for over 30 years teva has fueled the expression of freedom through the adventure and outdoor lifestyle around the globe. teva pioneered the sport sandal category in 1984, and the originals collection honors the heritage of teva by revamping the styles on that the brand was founded by blending their original simplicity with modern sophistication. in the us, our focus will be to bolster our leadership position in sandals and to grow our market share through the modern outdoor lifestyle category extensions.
within the us, we expect that teva will grow its position as a market leader within the sport sandal and modern outdoor lifestyle categories (shoes and boots). growth opportunities within our current core channels of distribution - outdoor specialty, sporting goods, and family footwear retail chains - will be pursued through deepening penetration with evolved and expanded product offerings. teva plans to support its channel expansion beyond present distribution with focused investments in targeted, solution-driven marketing programs in order to attract new lifestyle consumers to the brand. however, we cannot assure investors that these efforts will be successful.
sanuk brand the sanuk brand was founded almost 20 years ago, and from its origins in the southern california surf culture, has emerged into a brand with an expanding fan base and growing presence in the relaxed casual shoe and sandal categories. the sanuk brand's use of unexpected materials and unconventional constructions combined with its fun and playful branding has contributed to the brand's identity and growth since its inception, and led to successful products such as the yoga mattm sandal collection and the patented sidewalk surfers®. we believe that the sanuk brand provides growth opportunities, especially within the casual shoe and sandal markets, supporting our strategic initiatives spanning new product launches and omni-channel development. however, we cannot assure investors that our efforts to grow the brand will be successful.
other brands our other brands consist primarily of hoka, ahnu and koolaburra. these brands are sold through most of our distribution channels, and primarily through our wholesale channels.
the hoka brand focuses on designing shoes with a unique performance midsole geometry, oversized midsole volume and an active foot frame. these shoes are used by marathon runners, ultra-marathon runners and everyday runners.
we plan to leverage elements, including particular styles, of the ahnu brand under the umbrella of the teva brand beginning in calendar year 2017.
in april 2015, we acquired substantially all the assets related to the koolaburra brand, a line of fashion casual footwear using sheepskin and other plush materials. we intend to position koolaburra as a high-quality, fashionable and affordable alternative to ugg and to distribute koolaburra primarily through channels which do not offer the ugg brand. in november 2015, we added the "by ugg" attribute to the koolaburra name to communicate to the consumer that the koolaburra products come from the same company that designs and manufactures the ugg line.
with respect to hoka and koolaburra, we expect to continue to leverage our design, marketing, and distribution capabilities to grow these brands. nevertheless, we cannot assure investors that our efforts to grow these brands will be successful.
direct-to-consumer our dtc business is comprised of our retail store and e-commerce businesses. as a result of our evolving omni-channel strategy, we believe that our retail stores and websites are largely intertwined and dependent on one another. we believe that in many cases consumers interact with both our brick and mortar stores and our websites, before making purchase decisions. for example, consumers may feel or try-on products in our retail stores and then place an order online later. conversely, they may initially research products online, and then view inventory availability by store location and make a purchase in store. some examples that demonstrate the extent to which the sales channels are combined include the following:
•   "ugg rewards": we have implemented a consumer loyalty program under which points and awards are earned across the dtc channel.
•   "click and collect": our consumers can buy online and have products delivered to certain of our retail stores for pick-up.
our owned retail stores enable us to directly impact our consumers' experiences, meet the growing demand for these products, sell the products at retail prices and generate annual operating income. our retail stores are predominantly ugg concept stores and ugg outlet stores. through our outlet stores, we sell some of our discontinued styles from prior seasons, as well as full price in-line products, and products made specifically for the outlet stores. at march 31, 2016, we had a total of 153 retail stores worldwide.
we converted three of our retail stores in china to partner retail stores during the year ended march 31, 2016 and seven during the year ended march 31, 2015. upon conversion, each of these stores became wholly-owned and operated by third parties in china. sales made to the partner retail stores are included in our ugg brand wholesale segment and not in our dtc segment, as of the date of conversion. we anticipate opening more partner retail stores in china in the coming years.
the e-commerce business provides us with an opportunity to communicate to consumers with a consistent brand message that is in line with our brands' promises, drives awareness of key brand initiatives, offers targeted information to specific consumer demographics, and drives consumers to our retail stores. at march 31, 2016, we operate our e-commerce business through an aggregate of 20 company-owned websites in nine different countries.
we believe that results for our dtc segment have been impacted, and will continue to be impacted, by the following important trends and factors:
•   we intend to launch certain products directly through the dtc segment, including certain classics-inspired products, which we believe will drive growth within the segment.
•   the evaluation of the growth of the dtc channel provides us with important data about product demand that we share with wholesale customers to help them make more informed ordering decisions.
•   we expect operating profit to remain strong for the dtc channel, and for the dtc channel to serve as a key driver of our overall profitability. this is principally because the gross margins associated with sales made through our dtc channel are typically higher than those associated with sales made through our wholesale channel.
•   we believe that our retail store fleet is an important component of our dtc segment. we have already penetrated the major metropolitan markets globally with our retail presence, and we intend to maintain our retail presence in these top markets and to continue further expansion in secondary markets, as appropriate. however, we are in the process of evaluating our portfolio of retail stores with the goal of optimizing our fleet, and have identified 24 retail stores that are candidates for closure.
•   we continue to expect that our e-commerce business will be a driver of growth, although we expect the growth rate will decline over time as the size of the e-commerce business increases.
•   we believe the results of the retail component of our dtc business have been negatively impacted by recent weather patterns, which differ from historical weather patterns.
•   we believe the strengthening of the us dollar as compared to most major foreign currencies has reduced tourism traffic in our domestic retail stores, which has further negatively impacted the results of the retail component of our dtc business.
we report comparable dtc sales on a constant currency basis for combined retail stores and e-commerce businesses that were open throughout the reporting period in both the current year and prior year. there may be variations in the way that we calculate comparable dtc sales in contrast to some of our competitors and other apparel retailers. as a result, information included in this annual report on form 10-k regarding our comparable dtc sales may not be comparable to similar data made available by our competitors or other apparel retailers.
seasonality our business is seasonal, with the highest percentage of ugg brand net sales occurring in the quarters ending september 30 (our second fiscal quarter) and december 31 (our third fiscal quarter) and the highest percentage of teva and sanuk brand net sales occurring in the quarters ending march 31 (our fourth fiscal quarter) and june 30 (our first fiscal quarter) of each year.
with the large growth in the ugg brand over the past several years, net sales in the quarters ending september 30 and december 31 have exceeded net sales in the quarters ending march 31 and june 30. we currently expect this trend to continue. nonetheless, actual results could differ materially depending upon consumer preferences, unexpected changes in weather conditions, availability of product, competition, and our wholesale and distributor customers continuing to carry and promote our various product lines, among other risks and uncertainties. refer to part i, item 1a, "risk factors" for a further discussion of our risk factors.
results of operations year ended march 31, 2016 compared to year ended march 31, 2015
the following table summarizes our results of operations:
3/31/2016                             3/31/2015                                  change amount             %                  amount             %                amount                 %
cost of sales                                      1,028,529           54.8                938,949           51.7               89,580               9.5
gross profit                                         846,668           45.2                878,108           48.3              (31,440    )         (3.6   )
3/31/2016                3/31/2015                               change amount                   amount              amount                %
the increase in overall net sales was due to increases in total dtc sales and other brands, ugg brand and teva brand wholesale sales, partially offset by a decrease in sanuk brand wholesale sales. we experienced an increase in the number of pairs sold in the ugg brand, other brands and teva brand wholesale segments, as well as the dtc segment, offset in part by a decrease in the number of pairs sold in the sanuk brand wholesale segment. this resulted in an increase in the overall volume of footwear sold for all brands of 4.6% to approximately 32,100 pairs sold for the year ended march 31, 2016 from approximately 30,700 pairs for the year ended march 31, 2015. the mitigating impacts on overall net sales were foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations as the us dollar continues to strengthen against most major currencies and increased promotional activity, which consisted of vendor-specific markdowns, price reductions, chargebacks, sales discounts, and sales reserves. on a constant currency basis, overall net sales increased to approximately $1,925,000.
wholesale net sales of our ugg brand were positively impacted by an increase in the volume of pairs sold in the amount of approximately $73,000. wholesale net sales were negatively impacted by an increase in promotional activity of approximately $27,000 to promote sales that were slow due to warmer weather and to clear out inventory that will be obsolete in future seasons. wholesale net sales were also negatively impacted by a decrease in weighted-average selling price per pair (waspp) of approximately $26,000 reflecting unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates and an increased impact of approximately $7,000 from closeout sales. on a constant currency basis, wholesale net sales of our ugg brand increased 4.5% to approximately $945,000.
wholesale net sales of our teva brand increased largely due to an increase in the volume of pairs sold and an increase in waspp. the increase in the volume of pairs sold had an impact of approximately $1,000 and the increase in waspp had an impact of approximately $2,000. the increase in waspp was attributable to a decreased impact from closeout sales as compared to the prior period.
wholesale net sales of our sanuk brand decreased primarily due to a decrease in the volume of pairs sold, offset in part by an increase in waspp. the decrease in the volume of pairs sold had an impact of approximately $13,000 and the increase in waspp had an impact of approximately $1,000. the increase in waspp was attributable to a decreased impact from closeout sales as compared to the prior period.
the increase in other brands net sales was due to an increase in the volume of pairs sold primarily for the hoka brand and an increase in waspp. the increase in volume of pairs sold had an impact of approximately $22,000 and the increase in waspp had an impact of approximately $2,000. the increase in waspp mainly reflects a shift in product mix.
net sales of our dtc segment increased 4.4% to approximately $644,000 primarily due to an increase in net sales from our e-commerce business of approximately $32,000, partially offset by a decrease in net sales from our retail store business of approximately $5,000. the increase in total dtc net sales was primarily the result of an increase in the number of pairs sold with an impact of approximately $92,000 primarily due to ugg and teva. the increase in dtc net sales was primarily due to the number of stores opened since march 31, 2015, increased traffic to our websites and improved conversion rates in both e-commerce and retail businesses due to improved product offerings and new promotions offered on classic products, offset in part, by declining traffic trends in our retail stores worldwide. these increases were offset in part by a decrease in waspp of approximately $66,000 and an increase in promotional activity of approximately $3,000 primarily related to the ugg brand. the decrease in waspp was primarily due to a shift in store mix from concept to outlet, a shift in sales mix to lower priced product in the stores, increased offering of lower price point products for both businesses and the negative impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. on a constant currency basis, dtc net sales increased 7.4% to approximately $663,000.
comparable dtc sales on a constant currency basis for the 52 weeks ended march 27, 2016 decreased 1.0% to approximately $511,000 compared to the same period in fiscal year 2015 primarily as a result of a decrease in comparable retail store sales of approximately $42,000, largely offset by an increase in comparable sales from e-commerce operations of approximately $37,000. the decrease in comparable dtc sales was primarily due to declining traffic trends in our retail stores worldwide, offset in part by increased website traffic, and improved conversion rates in both our e-commerce and retail store businesses due to improved product offerings and new promotions offered on classic products. the decrease in comparable dtc sales was primarily the result of a decrease in waspp of approximately $41,000, largely offset by an increase in the number of pairs sold in the amount of $36,000. the decrease in the comparable dtc waspp was primarily due to a shift in product mix.
international sales, which are included in the segment sales above, for all of our products combined, increased 0.6%. international sales represented 35.0% and 35.9% of worldwide net sales for the years ended march 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. the increase in international sales was due to increases of approximately $11,000 for other brand products, primarily hoka, and $7,000 for teva brand products. the net sales increase was largely offset by sales decreases of approximately $11,000 and $3,000 in ugg and sanuk brand products, respectively. on a constant currency basis, international sales increased 8.2% to approximately $705,000.
gross profit. gross margin was 45.2% for fiscal year 2016 compared to 48.3% for the same period last year. the decline in gross margin was driven by a negative impact from foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations of approximately $13,000 caused by the strengthening of the us dollar, greater promotional activity of approximately $13,000, restructuring and other charges of approximately $5,000, and greater closeouts of approximately $4,000, offset, in part, by improved sheepskin costs of approximately $4,000.
selling, general and administrative (sg&a) expenses. the change in sg&a expenses was primarily due to:
•   increased salaries of approximately $19,000, largely attributable to transition and stabilization costs related to the move from irvine to our new distribution center in moreno valley and a timing difference attributable to full operations commencing in the first quarter of fiscal year 2016 at moreno valley. salaries were also impacted by $4,000 of severance related to restructuring expenses for our retail store fleet optimization and office consolidation and $4,000 for new retail stores opened subsequent to march 31, 2015;
•   increased occupancy and rent expense of approximately $16,000, largely driven by the $9,000 restructuring charges for early termination of office and store leases related to our retail store fleet optimization and office consolidation and new retail stores opened subsequent to march 31, 2015;
•   increased impairment charges for retail stores of approximately $9,800 for which the fair values did not exceed their carrying values based on our long-lived assets impairment analysis;
•   increased expense of approximately $6,000 for store closure and lease termination costs related to our retail store fleet optimization and office consolidation;
•   increased information technology costs of approximately $5,000, largely related to the restructuring charge of $4,000 for impairment of certain supply chain software related to the bt implementation and the reorganization of our supply chain team causing older software to be obsolete;
•   increased depreciation expense of approximately $4,000 related to operations commencing at our new distribution center in moreno valley in the first quarter of fiscal year 2016;
•   an increase in our accounts receivable allowances of approximately $4,000, reflecting our ongoing assessments of credit risks for several customers whose recent payment history and financial condition necessitated an increase in the allowance;
•   decreased recognition of performance-based compensation of approximately $18,000 because the threshold level of the performance objectives relating to fiscal year 2016 was not achieved as compared to the partial achievement of performance objectives in the prior fiscal year;
•   decreased expenses of approximately $12,000 related to the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations in the current period compared to the prior period; and
•   decreased amortization expense of approximately $3,000, primarily attributable to the acquisition of our ugg brand distributor that had been selling to retailers in germany in the prior year period that did not carry forward to the current period.
income (loss) from operations.  the following table summarizes operating income (loss) by segment:
3/31/2016              3/31/2015      change amount                 amount      amount                           %
the decrease in income from operations resulted from lower gross margins driven by the negative impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, increased promotional activity of approximately $29,000 and higher sg&a expenses primarily as a result of approximately $25,000 of restructuring and other charges.
the decrease in income from operations of ugg brand wholesale was the result of the increased promotional activity of approximately $27,000. these factors were partially offset by a decrease in operating expenses of approximately $3,000. the decrease in operating expenses is attributable to the decrease in amortization related to the conversion of our germany distributor in the prior year period and a decrease in marketing and advertising, offset in part by an increase in accounts receivable allowances.
the increase in income from operations of teva brand wholesale was primarily the result of a 2.6% increase in gross margin. the increase in gross margin was due to a decreased impact from closeout sales.
the decrease in income from operations of our sanuk brand wholesale from the prior year period was primarily due to a decrease in sales and $3,000 of restructuring charges, partially offset by a decrease in operating expenses of approximately $3,000. the decrease in operating expenses was primarily attributable to lower marketing and advertising and lower sales and commission expenses.
the operating results of our other brands wholesale improved over the prior year period due to an increase in net sales and a 3.2% increase in gross margin, partially offset by an increase in operating expenses of approximately $5,000 reflecting $2,500 of restructuring charges. the increase in gross margin was primarily attributable to a shift to higher margin hoka brand products. the increase in operating expenses was also attributable to marketing expenses for the hoka brand.
the decrease in income from operations of our dtc business resulted from an increase in dtc operating expenses of approximately $37,000, a decrease in gross profit and the increase in promotional activity of approximately $3,000. the increase in dtc operating expenses was largely attributable to restructuring charges of $10,500 related to our retail store fleet optimization, $9,800 of other impairment charges for retail stores during fiscal year 2016 and operating expenses for stores opened subsequent to march 31, 2015.
the decrease in unallocated overhead costs was primarily due to a lower unfavorable impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations in the current period compared to the prior period of approximately $22,000 and a reduction in performance-based compensation of approximately $12,000, partially offset by increased salaries of approximately $11,000 primarily for our moreno valley distribution center, increased depreciation expense of approximately $7,000 primarily for our moreno valley distribution center, increased information technology costs of approximately $3,000 largely related to supply chain software impairment charges and increased occupancy and rent expense of approximately $3,000 primarily for additional corporate office space and our moreno valley distribution center and increased general expenses of $4,000.
refer to note 12 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements in part iv of this annual report on form 10-k for a discussion of our reportable business segments.
other expense, net. the increase in total other expense, net was primarily due to an increase in interest expense as a result of the balances outstanding under our lines of credit during fiscal year 2016.
our effective tax rate decreased 4.7%. the decrease in the effective tax rate was primarily due to a change in the jurisdictional mix of annual pre-tax income. the jurisdictional mix change was the result of greater promotional activity and restructuring charges reducing domestic profitability in combination with the strategic supply chain reorganization completed during the year ended march 31, 2015.
foreign income before income taxes was $105,938 and $95,850 and worldwide income before income taxes was $156,885 and $221,139 for the year ended march 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. the increase in foreign income before income taxes was primarily due to an increase in compensation earned by our foreign-based global product sourcing organization, which commenced operations on july 1, 2014 and lower foreign operating expenses as a result of amortization related to conversion of our germany distributor in the prior period and expense reduction efforts.
for the fiscal year 2016, we generated approximately 23.0% of our pre-tax earnings from a country which does not impose a corporate income tax compared to 25% for fiscal year 2015. undistributed earnings of non-us subsidiaries are expected to be reinvested outside of the us indefinitely. such earnings would become taxable upon the sale or liquidation of these subsidiaries or upon the remittance of dividends. at march 31, 2016, we had approximately $233,000 of cash and cash equivalents outside the us that would be subject to additional income taxes if it were to be repatriated.
we expect that our foreign income before income taxes will continue to fluctuate from year to year based on several factors, including our expansion initiatives and global product sourcing organization. in addition, we believe that the continued evolution and geographic scope of the ugg brand, our continuing strategy of enhancing product diversification, and our expected growth in our international dtc business, will result in increases in foreign income before income taxes as a percentage of worldwide income before income taxes in future years.
net income. our net income decreased as a result of the factors discussed above. our income per share decreased due to lower net income, offset in part by a reduction in the weighted-average common shares outstanding. the overall reduction in the weighted-average common shares outstanding was primarily the result of our share repurchases made during the twelve months ended march 31, 2016.
the following table summarizes our results of operations:
3/31/2015                            12/31/2013                                 change amount             %                  amount             %                 amount               %
cost of sales                                        938,949           51.7                820,135           52.7               118,814             14.5
gross profit                                         878,108           48.3                736,483           47.3               141,625             19.2
overview. overall net sales increased for all distribution channels of all segments. the increase in income from operations resulted from increased sales and gross margin, partially offset by higher sg&a expenses.
3/31/2015               12/31/2013                              change amount                   amount                amount             %
we experienced an increase in net sales in all brands and distribution channels with the largest impact due to increased total dtc sales and ugg and other brands wholesale sales. on a constant currency basis, net sales increased by 18.0% to approximately $1,837,000. we experienced an increase in the number of pairs sold in all segments. this resulted in a 17.6% overall increase in the volume of footwear sold for all brands and channels to approximately 30,700 pairs for the year ended march 31, 2015 compared to approximately 26,100 pairs for the year ended december 31, 2013. our waspp decreased to $46.53 for the year ended march 31, 2015 from $46.87 for the year ended december 31, 2013. the decreased waspp was primarily due to our teva and sanuk wholesale segments, partially offset by an increase in waspp in our other brands wholesale segment.
wholesale net sales of our ugg brand increased primarily due to an increase in the volume of pairs sold, partially offset by the negative impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. on a constant currency basis, wholesale sales of our ugg brand increased by 11.1% to approximately $909,000. for ugg wholesale net sales, the increase in volume had an impact of approximately $89,000, including approximately $5,000 related to the negative impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations.
wholesale net sales of our teva brand increased primarily due to an increase in the volume of pairs sold, partially offset by a decrease in the waspp. the decrease in waspp was primarily due to a shift in product mix and an increased impact from closeout sales. for teva wholesale net sales, the increase in volume had an impact of approximately $15,000 and the decrease in waspp had an impact of approximately $7,000.
wholesale net sales of our sanuk brand increased primarily due to an increase in the volume of pairs sold, partially offset by a decrease in waspp. the decrease in waspp was primarily due to a shift in product mix. for sanuk wholesale net sales, the increase in volume had an impact of approximately $14,000 and the decrease in waspp had an impact of approximately $5,000.
wholesale net sales of our other brands increased due to an increase in the volume of pairs sold as well as an increase in the waspp. the increase in waspp was primarily due to a shift in brand mix. the increase in volume of pairs sold had an impact of approximately $36,000 and the increase in waspp had an impact of approximately $2,000.
net sales of our dtc segment increased 24.4% to approximately $617,000 primarily due to an increase in net sales from our e-commerce business of approximately $63,000 as well as an increase in net sales from our retail store business of approximately $58,000 due to the addition of new stores opened subsequent to december 31, 2013. the increase in total dtc net sales was primarily the result of an increase in the number of pairs sold with an impact of approximately $171,000, offset in part by a decrease in waspp of approximately $53,000 and an increase in sales discounts. the decrease in waspp was primarily due to increased offering of lower price point products for our e-commerce and retail businesses, a shift in store mix from concept to outlet and the negative impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. on a constant currency basis, dtc net sales increased 27.0% to approximately $496,000.
comparable dtc sales on a constant currency basis for the fifty-two weeks ended march 29, 2015 increased 14.4% to approximately $345,000 compared to the fifty-two weeks ended december 29, 2013 primarily as a result of an increase in comparable sales from e-commerce operations of approximately $56,000, offset in part by a decrease in comparable retail store sales of approximately $12,000. the increase in comparable dtc sales was primarily the result of an increase in the number of pairs sold with an impact of approximately $79,000, offset in part by a decrease in waspp in the amount of $36,000. the decrease in waspp was primarily due to increased offering of lower price point products for our comparable e-commerce and retail businesses and a shift in store mix from concept to outlet. the increase in comparable dtc sales was primarily due to increased web traffic to our e-commerce websites partially offset by a shift in sales from our retail to e-commerce channel.
international sales, which are included in the segment sales above, for all of our products combined increased by 26.7% for the year ended march 31, 2015 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013, partially offset by the negative impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. on a constant currency basis, international sales increased by 30.5% to approximately $671,000. international sales represented 35.9% and 33.0% of worldwide net sales for the years ended march 31, 2015 and december 31, 2013, respectively. the increase in international sales as a percentage of worldwide net sales was largely due to the continued growth in our ugg brand internationally across all channels of approximately $122,000.
gross profit. overall gross margin increased 100 basis points, primarily due to an increase in the mix of dtc sales, which generally carry higher margins than our wholesale segments. the increased mix of dtc sales contributed approximately 70 basis points to the overall increase in gross margin. an increase in the ugg brand wholesale gross margin, primarily related to the july 2014 acquisition of our ugg brand distributor in germany, contributed approximately 20 basis points to the overall increase in gross margin. the factors discussed above include the negative impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. our gross margins fluctuate based on several factors including the factors discussed above.
selling, general and administrative expenses. the change in sg&a expenses was primarily due to:
•   increased dtc costs of approximately $62,000 largely related to new retail stores opened subsequent to december 31, 2013 of approximately $44,000 and related corporate infrastructure for our retail business and increased marketing and advertising and expansion for our e-commerce business of approximately $18,000;
•   increased expenses of approximately $20,000 for marketing and promotions related to our wholesale business, primarily for the hoka and ugg brands;
•   increased expenses of approximately $16,000 for corporate infrastructure to support our international wholesale expansion and omnichannel transformation;
•   increased information technology costs of approximately $8,000, in part due to accelerating the amortization expense for certain software projects that will not be used;
•   increased sales and commission expenses of approximately $8,000 largely driven by the increase in wholesale sales;
•   increased us distribution center costs of approximately $7,000, largely driven by the increase in sales and our new moreno valley distribution center; and
•   increased expenses of approximately $7,000 related to the negative impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations.
these increases were partially offset by decreased recognition of performance-based compensation of approximately $8,000.
income (loss) from operations. refer to note 12 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements in part iv of this annual report on form 10-k for a discussion of our reportable segments. the following table summarizes operating income (loss) by segment:
3/31/2015             12/31/2013                               change amount                 amount              amount                %
income from operations increased due to the increase in sales and gross margin, partially offset by higher sg&a expenses as well as the negative impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. on a constant currency basis, income from operations increased by 13.5% to approximately $236,000.
the increase in income from operations of ugg brand wholesale was primarily the result of the increase in net sales as well as a 3.1 percentage point increase in gross margin, partially offset by an increase in operating expenses of approximately $16,000 including the negative impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. the increase in gross margin was primarily due to an increase in higher-margin wholesale sales, largely related to the acquisition of our ugg brand distributor in germany. the increase in operating expenses was primarily due to marketing and promotions, amortization and sales and commissions.
the increase in income from operations of teva brand wholesale was primarily the result of a decrease in operating expenses of approximately $5,000 as well as the increase in net sales, partially offset by a 3.1 percentage point decrease in gross margin. the decrease in operating expenses was primarily due to decreased design and sales and commission expenses. the decrease in gross margin was primarily due to an increased impact from closeout sales.
the increase in income from operations of sanuk brand wholesale was primarily the result of the increase in net sales as well as a decrease in operating expenses of approximately $2,000, partially offset by a 4.8 percentage point decrease in gross margin. the decrease in gross margin was primarily due to a shift in sales mix as well as an increased impact from closeout sales.
loss from operations of our other brands wholesale was comparable to the prior period.
the increase in income from operations of our dtc business resulted from the increase in net sales, a 1.9% decrease in gross margin due to increased sales discounts and the positive impact of foreign currency rate fluctuations
of approximately $9,000, offset in part by an increase in dtc operating expenses of approximately $61,000 and an increase in sales discounts. the increase in dtc operating expenses was largely attributable to stores opened subsequent to december 31, 2013 and related corporate infrastructure for our retail business, and marketing and advertising and expansion for our e-commerce business.
the increase in unallocated overhead costs was primarily due to (1) expense related to increased corporate infrastructure of approximately $16,000 to support our omni-channel transformation and international wholesale expansion, (2) the negative impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations of approximately $16,000, (3) increased information technology costs of approximately $8,000, (4) increased us distribution center costs of approximately $7,000 and (5) increased depreciation expenses of approximately $4,000 related to our corporate headquarters buildings, partially offset by a reduction in performance-based compensation of approximately $5,000.
refer to note 12 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements in part iv of this annual report on form 10-k for a discussion of our reportable business segments other expense, net. the increase in other expense, net was primarily due to an increase in interest expense.
the decrease in the effective tax rate was primarily due to a change in the jurisdictional mix of annual pre-tax income. the jurisdictional mix change was primarily due to increased compensation earned by our foreign-based global product sourcing organization as a result of the strategic supply chain reorganization completed during the year ended march 31, 2015, which reduced our effective tax rate 4.2%. the decrease was partially offset by overall discrete tax liabilities of approximately $1,600 recognized during the year ended march 31, 2015 compared to overall discrete tax benefits of approximately $900 recognized during the year ended december 31, 2013. the discrete tax liabilities relate to provisions recorded for unrecognized tax benefits as well as prior year us federal and state tax adjustments. the discrete tax benefits relate to a combination of prior year us federal, state and foreign tax adjustments.
for the fiscal year 2015, we generated approximately 25.0% of our pre-tax earnings from a country which does not impose a corporate income tax. unremitted earnings of non-us subsidiaries are expected to be reinvested outside of the us indefinitely. such earnings would become taxable upon the sale or liquidation of these subsidiaries or upon the remittance of dividends. at march 31, 2015, we had approximately $132,000 of cash and cash equivalents outside the us that would be subject to additional income taxes if it were to be repatriated.
foreign income before income taxes was $95,850 and $60,851, and worldwide income before income taxes was $221,139 and $205,557 for the years ended march 31, 2015 and december 31, 2013, respectively. foreign income before income taxes represented 43.3% and 29.6% of worldwide income before income taxes for the years ended march 31, 2015 and december 31, 2013, respectively. the increase in foreign income before income taxes as a percentage of worldwide income before income taxes was primarily due to increased compensation earned by our foreign-based global product sourcing organization as a result of a strategic supply chain reorganization completed during the year ended march 31, 2015.
we expect that our foreign income before income taxes will fluctuate from year to year based on several factors, including our expansion initiatives. in addition, we believe that the continued evolution and geographic scope of the ugg brand, our continuing strategy of enhancing product diversification, and our expected growth in our international retail and e-commerce business, will result in increases in foreign income before income taxes as a percentage of worldwide income before income taxes in future years.
net income. our net income increased as a result of the items discussed above. our diluted earnings per share increased primarily as a result of the increase in net income, as well as by a reduced number of diluted weighted-average common shares outstanding. the reduction in the diluted weighted-average common shares outstanding
was the result of our share repurchases during the year ended march 31, 2015. the weighted-average impact of the share repurchases was a reduction of approximately 200,000 shares.
the following table summarizes our results of operations:
2014                                                                                                  2013 (unaudited)                                  change amount                %                 amount              %               amount                  %
cost of sales                                      150,456             51.1                140,201           53.2               10,255                7.3
gross profit                                       144,260             48.9                123,559           46.8               20,701               16.8
overview. the increase in overall net sales was primarily due to an increase in our ugg brand sales through our retail stores and e-commerce websites as well as an increase in our other brands wholesale sales, partially offset by a decrease in teva wholesale sales. we experienced a loss from operations during the three months ended march 31, 2014 compared to income from operations for the three months ended march 31, 2013. the change resulted from higher sg&a expenses, partially offset by an increase in gross profit.
2014                                                           2013 (unaudited)                                  change amount                       amount                amount                 %
the increase in overall net sales was due to increases in total dtc sales and other brands and ugg brand wholesale sales, partially offset by decreases in teva and sanuk brand wholesale sales. we experienced an increase in the number of pairs sold in the total dtc other brands wholesale segments, partially offset by a decrease in the number of pairs sold in the teva, sanuk and ugg brand wholesale segments. this resulted in an increase in the overall volume of footwear sold for all brands of 3.3% to approximately 6,200 pairs sold for the three months ended march 31, 2014 from approximately 6,000 pairs for the three months ended march 31, 2013. on a constant currency basis, net sales increased by 12.4% to approximately $296,000.
wholesale net sales of our ugg brand increased primarily due to an increase in waspp, partially offset by a decrease in the volume of pairs sold. the increase in waspp was primarily due to a shift in product mix of cold weather shoe products that generally carry higher price points and higher average closeout prices. for ugg wholesale net sales, the increase in waspp had an impact of approximately $1,000 and the decrease in volume had an impact of approximately $500.
wholesale net sales of our teva brand decreased due to a decrease in waspp as well as a decrease in volume of pairs sold. the decrease in waspp was primarily due to a shift in product mix. for teva wholesale net sales, the
decrease in waspp had an impact of approximately $3,000 and the decrease in volume had an impact of approximately $2,000.
wholesale net sales of our sanuk brand decreased primarily due to a decrease in the volume of pairs sold outside the us as well as a decrease in waspp, partially offset by an increase in the volume of pairs sold in the us. the decrease in waspp was primarily due to increased closeout sales. for sanuk wholesale net sales, the decrease in volume of pairs sold outside the us had an impact of approximately $3,000, the decrease in waspp had an impact of approximately $2,000 and the increase in volume of pairs sold in the us had an impact of approximately $4,000.
wholesale net sales of our other brands increased due to an increase in the volume of pairs sold of approximately $8,500. the increase in volume was primarily due to the continued growth of the hoka brand. the change in waspp had no material impact on sales.
net sales of our dtc segment increased 31.6% to approximately $119,000 due to increases in net sales from our retail store business of approximately $17,000 and from our e-commerce business of approximately $12,000. the increase in dtc net sales was primarily due to the addition of 42 stores opened subsequent to march 31, 2013, offset in part by the negative impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. the increase in total dtc net sales was primarily the result of an increase in the number of pairs sold with an impact of approximately $29,000 through additional website and store visitors and improved conversion rates in both retail and e-commerce channels due to improved product offerings, while the change in waspp had no material impact. on a constant currency basis, dtc net sales increased 33.5% to approximately $120,000.
comparable dtc sales on a constant currency basis for the thirteen weeks ended march 30, 2014 increased 16.7% to approximately $92,000 compared to the same period in fiscal year 2013 primarily as a result of an increase in comparable sales from e-commerce operations of approximately $11,000 and an increase in comparable retail store sales of approximately $2,000. the increase in comparable dtc sales was primarily the result of an increase in the number of pairs sold of approximately $16,000, offset in part by a decrease in waspp in the amount of $3,000. the decrease in waspp is attributed to product mix shifts to lower priced products. the comparable dtc sales growth is attributed to worldwide increases in number of visits to our e-commerce websites and strong conversion improvements in china and japan retail stores, particularly in the outlets.
international sales, which are included in the segment sales above, for all of our products combined increased by 18.9% for the three months ended march 31, 2014 as compared to the three months ended march 31, 2013, partially offset by the negative impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. on a constant currency basis, international sales increased by 21.0% to approximately $98,000. international sales represented 32.7% and 30.7% of worldwide net sales for the three months ended march 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the increase in international sales as a percentage of worldwide net sales was primarily due to the continued growth in our ugg brand's international retail and e-commerce business of approximately $16,000.
gross profit.  as a percentage of net sales, gross margin increased compared to the same period in 2013 due to reduced sheepskin costs and increased use of uggpure, real wool woven into a durable backing used as an alternative to table grade sheepskin in select linings and foot beds, as well as an increased mix of dtc sales, which generally carry higher margins than our wholesale segments. the change in sales between our wholesale customers and distributors was immaterial to gross margin.
selling, general and administrative expenses.  the change in sg&a expenses was primarily due to:
•   increased dtc costs of approximately $19,000 largely related to new retail stores opened subsequent to december 31, 2013 and related corporate infrastructure for our retail business and increased marketing and advertising, the negative impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, and increased expenses related to the international expansion for our e-commerce business; and
•   increased expenses of approximately $3,000 for marketing and promotions, largely related to the ugg and hoka brands.
income (loss) from operations. the following table summarizes operating income (loss) by segment:
2014                                                    2013 (unaudited)        change amount                       amount        amount                          %
we experienced a loss from operations during the three months ended march 31, 2014 compared to income from operations during the three months ended march 31, 2013 due to increased sg&a expenses as well as the negative impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, partially offset by increased gross profit. on a constant currency basis, income from operations decreased by 59.2% to approximately $1,000.
the slight decrease in income from operations of ugg brand wholesale was primarily the result of an increase in operating expenses of approximately $2,000 as well as the negative impact of foreign currency rate fluctuations of approximately $300, partially offset by a 2.0 percentage point increase in gross margin, primarily due to decreased sheepskin costs.
the decrease in income from operations of teva brand wholesale was primarily the result of a 5.8 percentage point decrease in gross margin as well as the decrease in net sales, partially offset by a decrease in operating expenses of approximately $1,000. the decrease in gross margin was primarily due to a shift in sales mix as well as increased freight expense.
the decrease in income from operations of sanuk brand wholesale was primarily the result of the decrease in net sales, as well as increased operating expenses of approximately $1,000.
the decrease in loss from operations of our other brands wholesale was primarily the result of the increase in net sales as well as a 7.8 percentage point increase in gross margin, partially offset by an increase in operating expenses of approximately $2,000. the increase in sales and gross margin is largely due to the continued growth of the hoka brand which generally carries higher margins than the other brands included in this segment.
the increase in income from operations of our dtc business resulted from the increase in net sales and a 2.1 percentage point increase in gross margin, largely offset by an increase in dtc operating expenses of approximately $18,000 and the negative impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations of approximately $1,000. the increase in gross margin was largely due to the reduced sheepskin costs related to our ugg brand products. the increase in dtc operating expenses was largely attributable to new stores opened subsequent to march 31, 2013 and related corporate infrastructure for the retail store business, and marketing and advertising and increased expenses related to the international expansion for the e-commerce business.
refer to note 12 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements in part iv of this annual report on form 10-k for a discussion of our reportable segments.
income taxes. income taxes for the three months ended march 31, 2014 are computed using the actual tax rate for the transition period. refer to note 1 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements in part iv of this annual report on form 10-k for an explanation of our change in fiscal year. income taxes for the three months ended march 31, 2013 were computed using the effective tax rate estimated to be applicable for the full fiscal year ended december 31, 2013. income tax expense and effective income tax rates were as follows:
we recognized income tax expense of $1,943 on a pre-tax loss of $742 for the three months ended march 31, 2014 compared to income tax expense of $1,503 on pre-tax earnings of $2,510 for the three months ended march 31, 2013. the income tax expense of $1,943 primarily relates to taxable income in the us and certain foreign jurisdictions during the three months ended march 31, 2014. the pre-tax loss of $742 includes the loss of a foreign subsidiary in a jurisdiction with no corporate income tax, therefore providing no tax benefit from the loss that was recognized.
foreign loss before income taxes and worldwide loss before income taxes was $3,631 and $742, respectively, during the three months ended march 31, 2014, as compared to foreign income before income taxes and worldwide income before income taxes of $335 and $2,510, respectively, during the three months ended march 31, 2013. the change from foreign income before income taxes to a foreign loss before income taxes was primarily due to an increase in foreign operating expenses of approximately $14,000, which is primarily related to the expansion of our international retail and e-commerce operations. the increase in foreign operating expenses was partially offset by an increase in foreign gross margin of 2.2 percentage points, which was primarily related to the increase in international retail and e-commerce sales which generally carry higher margins than wholesale sales.
we expect that our foreign income before income taxes will continue to fluctuate from year to year based on several factors, including our expansion initiatives. in addition, we believe that the continued evolution and geographic scope of the ugg brand, our continuing strategy of enhancing product diversification, and our expected growth in our international retail and e-commerce business, will result in improved foreign operating results in future years.
net (loss) income. we experienced a net loss for the three months ended march 31, 2014 compared to net income for the three months ended march 31, 2013 as a result of the items discussed above. as a result of the net loss for the three months ended march 31, 2014, we recognized a loss per share compared to diluted earnings per share during the three months ended march 31, 2013.
off-balance sheet arrangements we do not have off-balance sheet arrangements.
liquidity and cash flows we finance our working capital and operating needs using a combination of our cash and cash equivalents balances, cash generated from operations, and as needed, the credit available under our credit agreements. in an economic recession or under other adverse economic conditions, our cash generated from operations may decline, and we may be unable to realize a return on our cash and cash equivalents, secure additional credit on favorable terms, or renew or access our existing lines of credit. these factors may impact our working capital reserves and have a material adverse effect on our business.
our cash flow cycle includes the purchase of or deposits for raw materials, the purchase of inventories, the subsequent sale of the inventories, and the eventual collection of the resulting accounts receivable. as a result, our working capital requirements begin when we purchase, or make deposits on, raw materials and inventories and continue until we ultimately collect the resulting receivables. the seasonality of our ugg brand business requires us to build fall and winter inventories in the quarters ending june 30 and september 30 to support sales for the ugg brand's major selling seasons, which historically occur during the quarters ending september 30 and december 31; whereas, the teva and sanuk brands build inventory levels beginning in the quarters ending december 31 and march 31 in anticipation of the spring selling season that occurs in the quarters ending march 31 and june 30. given the seasonality
of our business, our working capital requirements fluctuate significantly throughout the year. the cash required to fund these working capital fluctuations has historically been provided using internal cash balances, cash from ongoing operating activities and short-term borrowings under our credit agreements.
we believe that cash generated from operations, the available borrowings under our existing second amended and restated credit agreement, as amended with jpmorgan as the administrative agent, comerica and hsbc as co-syndication agents, and the lenders party thereto (second amended and restated credit agreement), our second amended china credit facility, our japan credit facility and our cash and cash equivalents will provide sufficient liquidity to enable us to meet our working capital requirements for at least the next 12 months and the foreseeable future. however, risks and uncertainties that could impact our ability to maintain or grow our cash position include our earnings growth rate, the continued strength of our brands, our ability to respond to changes in consumer preferences, our ability to collect our receivables in a timely manner, our ability to effectively manage our inventories, unexpected changes in weather conditions, and the timing and extent of restructuring charges, among others. furthermore, we may require additional cash resources due to changed business conditions or other future developments, including any investments or acquisitions we may decide to pursue. if these sources are insufficient to satisfy our cash requirements, we may seek to sell debt securities or additional equity securities or to obtain a new credit agreement or draw on our existing lines of credit. the sale of convertible debt securities or additional equity securities could result in additional dilution to our stockholders. the incurrence of indebtedness would result in incurring debt service obligations and could result in operating and financial covenants that would restrict our operations. in addition, there can be no assurance that any additional financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. although there are no other material present understandings, commitments or agreements with respect to the acquisition of any other businesses, we may evaluate acquisitions of other businesses or brands. refer to part i, item 1a, "risk factors" for a discussion of additional factors that may affect our cash position and liquidity.
net cash provided by operating activities      $125,581                $169,654                $262,125
cash from operating activities. our primary source of liquidity is net cash flows provided by operating activities, which is driven by the level of net income, noncash adjustments and changes in working capital. the reduction in net cash provided by operations in fiscal year 2016 compared to fiscal year 2015 was primarily due to: (1) changes in inventory levels and trade accounts receivable, (2) the net impact of changes in noncash adjustments, primarily related to depreciation, amortization and accretion and restructuring costs and (3) a decrease in net income. the change in inventory levels relates to lower than anticipated sales. the change in trade accounts receivable relates to payment delays from customers as a result of slower sell-through primarily caused by warmer weather. these cash flows were offset in part by changes in trade accounts payable compared to fiscal year ended march 31, 2015. the change in payables relates to the change in inventory levels.
the reduction in net cash provided by operations during fiscal year ended march 31, 2015 compared to fiscal year ended december 31, 2013 is due to: (1) the changes in trade accounts payable, income taxes payable and accrued expenses, and (2) noncash adjustments related to depreciation, amortization and accretion. these cash flows were offset in part by the changes in prepaid expenses and other assets, trade accounts receivable and inventories as well as an increase in net income. the changes in payables, accrued expenses, receivables and inventories related to the different ending dates of the comparative fiscal years and reflected the seasonal nature of our business. the change in prepaid expenses and other current assets was primarily due to deposits for future leather purchases.
wholesale accounts receivable turnover decreased to 6.8 times in the 12 months ended march 31, 2016 compared to 7.2 times for the 12 months ended march 31, 2015 primarily due to the impact of higher average accounts receivable balances outweighing the impact of the increase in wholesale sales.
inventory turnover decreased to 2.7 times in the 12 months ended march 31, 2016 compared to 2.9 times in the 12 months ended march 31, 2015 primarily due to the impact of higher average inventory levels outweighing the impact of the increase in sales.
cash from investing activities.  net cash used in investing activities for the year ended march 31, 2016 resulted primarily from the purchases of property and equipment and our acquisition of the koolaburra brand, partially offset by proceeds from the sale of the assets of the mozo and tsubo brands. the capital expenditures were primarily related to our bt project, the build-out of our distribution center and retail stores, and purchases of computer hardware and software.
net cash used in investing activities for the year ended march 31, 2015 resulted primarily from the purchases of property and equipment and purchase of intangibles. the capital expenditures were primarily related to infrastructure improvements to support our omni-channel transformation and international expansion, the build-out of our distribution center and retail stores, and purchases of computer hardware and software. the purchase of intangible and other assets, net was related to the acquisition of our ugg brand distributor that sold to retailers in germany.
net cash used in investing activities for the year ended december 31, 2013 resulted primarily from the purchases of property and equipment. the capital expenditures included the build-out of our new corporate facilities and retail stores, and purchases of computer hardware and software. the new corporate facilities replaced several leased spaces.
at march 31, 2016, we had approximately $14,000 of material commitments for future capital expenditures primarily related to the acquisition of land adjacent to our corporate headquarters, completed in april 2016, and tenant improvements for retail store space in the us and asia. we estimate that the capital expenditures for fiscal year 2017 including the aforementioned commitments will range from approximately $60,000 to $65,000. we anticipate these expenditures will primarily include the build-out of our retail stores, our bt project and equipment costs of our distribution centers. the actual amount of capital expenditures for the year may differ from this estimate, largely depending on the timing of new store openings or any unforeseen needs to replace existing assets and the timing of other expenditures.
cash from financing activities. for the year ended march 31, 2016, net cash used in financing activities resulted primarily from net borrowings and repayments of short-term borrowings and cash paid for repurchases of common stock.
for the year ended march 31, 2015, net cash used in financing activities resulted primarily from repayments of short-term borrowings and cash paid for repurchases of common stock. this was partially offset by short-term borrowings provided by our lines of credit and funding received from the mortgage obtained on our corporate headquarters property.
for the year ended december 31, 2013, net cash used in financing activities was comprised primarily of repayments of short-term borrowings, as well as contingent consideration paid related to our sanuk acquisition. the cash used was partially offset by cash from our short-term borrowings.
during fiscal years 2016, 2015 and 2013, we repurchased approximately 1,420,000,000, 1,436,000 and zero shares, respectively of our common stock. the respective cost was approximately $94,200 and $107,200 at an average price of $66.32 per share in fiscal year 2016 and $74.68 in fiscal year 2015. at february 28, 2015, we had repurchased approximately 3,823,000 shares at an average price of $52.31 per share for approximately $200,000, which was the full amount authorized under the program approved in june 2012. at march 31, 2015, we had repurchased approximately 377,000 shares under a new $200,000 stock purchase program approved in january 2015 for approximately $27,900, or an average price of $74.09 per share, leaving the remaining approved amount at $172,100. at march 31, 2016, the remaining approved amount under the january 2015 program was approximately $77,900.
capital resources domestic line of credit. in august 2011, we entered into a credit agreement (credit agreement), which was amended and restated in august 2012 (amended and restated credit agreement) and amended in its entirety in november 2014. in june 2013, we further amended the amended and restated credit agreement to permit additional borrowings in china of $12,500 and revised certain financial covenants including an increase in the maximum amount permitted to be spent on the headquarters building from $75,000 to $80,000.
during the year ended march 31, 2016, we borrowed $426,000 and repaid $373,000 under the second amended and restated credit agreement. at march 31, 2016, we had outstanding borrowings of $53,000 and outstanding letters of credit of approximately $700, leaving an unused balance of approximately $346,300 under the second amended and restated credit agreement. at march 31, 2016, we were in compliance with all covenants and we remain in compliance as of may 31, 2016.
subsequent to march 31, 2016, we borrowed $76,000 and repaid $16,000 resulting in a total outstanding balance of $113,000 under the second amended and restated credit agreement as of may 31, 2016.
china line of credit. in october 2015, we amended the amended china credit facility to include an increase in the uncommitted revolving line of credit of up to cny 150,000, or approximately $23,000, including a sublimit of cny 50,000, or approximately $8,000, for our fully owned subsidiary, deckers footwear (shanghai) co., ltd.
during the year ended march 31, 2016, we borrowed $23,200 and repaid $14,100 under the second amended china credit facility. at march 31, 2016, we had approximately $14,000 of outstanding borrowings under the second amended china credit facility.
subsequent to march 31, 2016, we repaid $4,800 resulting in a total outstanding balance of $9,200 under the second amended china credit facility at may 31, 2016.
japan line of credit. in march 2016, deckers japan, g.k., a wholly owned subsidiary, entered into a credit facility in japan (japan credit facility) that provides for an uncommitted bilateral revolving line of credit of up to jpy 5,500,000, or approximately $49,000, for a maximum term of six months. the japan credit facility renews annually, and it is guaranteed by deckers outdoor corporation. interest is based on the tokyo interbank offered rate (tibor) for three months plus 0.40%. at march 31, 2016, tibor for three months was 0.10% and the effective interest rate was 0.50%.
at march 31, 2016, we had no borrowings under the japan credit facility. at march 31, 2016, we were in compliance with all covenants and we remain in compliance as of may 31, 2016.
at march 31, 2016, we were in compliance with all covenants and we remain in compliance as of may 31, 2016.
mortgage. in july 2014, we obtained a mortgage on our corporate headquarters property for approximately $33,900. at march 31, 2016 the outstanding balance under the mortgage is approximately $33,200. the mortgage has a fixed interest rate of 4.928%. payments include interest and principal in an amount that will amortize the principal balance over a thirty-year period. minimum principal payments over the next five years are approximately $2,900. the loan will mature and have a balloon payment due on july 1, 2029 of approximately $23,400. the loan will be used for working capital and other general corporate purposes. in december 2014, the mortgage financial covenants were amended to be consistent with the financial covenants of the second amended and restated credit agreement.
refer to note 6 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements in part iv of this annual report on form 10-k for further information on our indebtedness.
contractual obligations the following table summarizes our contractual obligations at march 31, 2016 and the effects such obligations are expected to have on liquidity and cash flow in future periods.
payments due by period total             less than1 year               1-3 years             3-5 years       more than5 years operating lease obligations (1)                 $315,440                 $50,763                   $94,297               $66,052             $104,328
unrecognized tax benefits (5)                      7,236       856                                   2,459                 3,921             -
(1)   our operating lease obligations consist primarily of building leases for our retail locations, distribution centers, and regional offices, and include the cash lease payments of deferred rents.
(2)   our purchase obligations consist mostly of open purchase orders. they also consist of capital expenditures, service contracts and promotional expenses. outstanding purchase orders are primarily with our third-party manufacturers and most are expected to be paid within one year. these are outstanding open orders and not minimum purchase obligations. our promotional expenditures and service contracts are due periodically during fiscal years 2017 through 2021.
we have also entered into purchase commitments with certain suppliers. refer to note 7 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements in part iv of this annual report on form 10-k. certain agreements require that we advance specified minimum payment amounts. the total remaining cash commitments under these agreements, net of deposits, at march 31, 2016 are included in this table. we expect our sheepskin purchases will eventually exceed the minimum commitment levels; therefore we believe the deposits will become fully refundable, and thus, we believe this will not materially affect our results of operations, as it is in the normal course of our business.
(3)   our mortgage obligation consists of a mortgage secured by our corporate headquarters property. the mortgage has a fixed interest rate of 4.928%. payments include interest and principal in an amount that amortizes the principal balance over a 30-year period; however, the loan will mature and have a balloon payment due on july 1, 2029 of approximately $23,400. refer to note 6 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements in part iv of this annual report on form 10-k.
(4)   our contingent consideration obligations consist of final contingent consideration payments for the acquisitions of the sanuk and hoka brands. for additional information, refer to the "commitments and contingencies" section below and notes 1 and 7 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements in part iv of this annual report on form 10-k.
(5)   the unrecognized tax benefits are related to uncertain tax positions taken in our income tax return that would impact the effective tax rate, if recognized. refer to note 5 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements in part iv of this annual report on form 10-k.
commitments and contingencies. the following reflect the additional commitments and contingent liabilities that may have a material impact on liquidity and cash flow in future periods.
sanuk. the purchase price for the sanuk brand, acquired in july 2011, included contingent consideration payments. the final contingent consideration payment of approximately $19,700, which is 40.0% of the sanuk brand gross profit in calendar year 2015, was paid subsequent to march 31, 2016.
hoka.  the purchase price for the hoka brand, acquired in september 2012, includes contingent consideration through calendar year 2017, with a maximum of $2,000, of which approximately $1,700 has been paid. the maximum
of $2,000 was achieved during the fiscal year ended march 31, 2016. at march 31, 2016, the final contingent consideration payment of approximately $300 is pending final disbursement.
refer to note 7 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements in part iv of this annual report on form 10-k.
impact of foreign exchange rate fluctuations foreign exchange rate fluctuations in fiscal years 2015 and 2013 had a significant negative impact on our net sales and gross margins caused by the strengthening of the us dollar. in fiscal year 2016 foreign exchange rate fluctuations had an incremental negative impact compared to fiscal year 2015. refer to "results of operations" above, the consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) and notes 9 and 11 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements in part iv of this annual report on form 10-k for a further discussion of the impact of foreign exchange rate fluctuations.
critical accounting policies and estimates refer to note 1 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements in part iv of this annual report on form 10-k for a discussion of our significant accounting policies. those policies and estimates that we believe are most critical to the understanding of our accompanying consolidated financial statements in part iv of this annual report on form 10-k are revenue recognition, use of estimates, which includes the below reserves and allowances, inventories, accounting for long-lived assets, goodwill and other intangible assets, fair value of contingent consideration, and stock compensation.
use of estimates. the preparation of financial statements in conformity with us generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts during the reporting period. management reasonably could use different estimates and assumptions, and changes in estimates and assumptions could occur from period to period, with the result in each case being a potential material change in the financial statement presentation of our financial condition or results of operations. we have historically been materially accurate in our estimates used for the reserves and allowances below.
amount               % of gross             amount           % of grosstrade accountsreceivable trade accounts receivable gross trade accounts receivable          $190,349                                    $161,323
amount          % of net sales             amount          % of net sales net sales for the three months ended      $378,635                                   $340,637
allowance for doubtful accounts. we provide a reserve against trade accounts receivable for estimated losses that may result from customers' inability to pay. we determine the amount of the reserve by analyzing known uncollectible accounts, aged trade accounts receivables, economic conditions and forecasts, historical experience and the customers' credit-worthiness. trade accounts receivable that are subsequently determined to be uncollectible are
charged or written off against this reserve. the reserve includes specific reserves for accounts, which all or a portion of are identified as potentially uncollectible, plus a non-specific reserve for the balance of accounts based on our historical loss experience. reserves have been established for all projected losses of this nature. the allowance for doubtful accounts increased over the prior year as a result of the difficult retail environment experienced by certain of our customers which lead to an increased risk that the related outstanding receivables may not be collected.  our use of different estimates and assumptions could produce different financial results. for example, a 1.0% change in the rate used to estimate the reserve for the accounts we consider to have credit risk and are not specifically identified as uncollectible would change the allowance for doubtful accounts at march 31, 2016 by approximately $1,000.
allowance for sales discounts. a significant portion of our wholesale sales and resulting trade accounts receivable reflects a discount that our customers may take, generally based upon meeting certain order, shipment and payment timelines. we use the amount of the discounts that are available to be taken against the period-end trade accounts receivable to estimate and record a corresponding reserve for sales discounts.
allowance for estimated chargebacks. when our wholesale customers pay their invoices, they often take deductions for chargebacks against their invoices, which are often valid. therefore, we record an allowance for the balance of chargebacks that are outstanding in our accounts receivable balance as of the end of each period, along with an estimated reserve for chargebacks that have not yet been taken against outstanding accounts receivable balances. this estimate is based on historical trends of the timing and amount of chargebacks taken against invoices.
allowance for estimated returns and estimated returns liability. we record an allowance for anticipated future returns of goods shipped prior to period end and a liability for anticipated returns of goods sold direct to consumers. in general, we accept returns for damaged or defective products. we also have a policy whereby we accept returns from our dtc customers for a thirty day period. we base the amounts of the allowance and liability on any approved customer requests for returns, historical returns experience, and any recent events that could result in a change from historical returns rates, among other factors. the increase in the sales return reserve in 2016 was primarily due to customer requests for returns. our use of different estimates and assumptions could produce different financial results. for example, a 1.0% change in the rate used to estimate the percentage of sales expected to ultimately be returned would change the allowance and liability reserves for returns in total at march 31, 2016 by approximately $2,000.
inventory write-downs. we review the various items in inventory on a regular basis for excess, obsolete, and impaired inventory. in doing so, we write the inventory down to the lower of cost or expected future net selling prices. inventories were stated at $299,911 and $238,911, net of inventory write-downs of $7,303 and $3,601 at march 31, 2016 and march 31, 2015, respectively. the increase in inventory write-downs at march 31, 2016 compared to march 31, 2015 was primarily due to write-downs related to teva brand styles that are not being continued and sanuk brand restructuring charges. the amount of inventory write-downs as a percentage of inventories was 2.4% and 1.5% at march 31, 2016 and march 31, 2015 respectively. our use of different estimates and assumptions could produce different financial results. for example, a 10.0% change in the estimated selling prices of our potentially obsolete inventory would change the inventory write-down reserve at march 31, 2016 by approximately $1,000.
valuation of goodwill, intangible and other long-lived assets. we assess the impairment of goodwill, intangible, and other long-lived assets on a separate asset basis based on assumptions and judgments regarding the carrying amount of these assets individually.
we performed our annual impairment tests for goodwill and nonamortizable intangible assets. we evaluated our ugg, sanuk and other brands' goodwill and our teva trademarks. based on the carrying amounts of the ugg, teva, sanuk and other brands' goodwill, trademarks, and net assets, the brands' fiscal year 2016 sales and operating results, and the brands' long-term forecasts of sales and operating results as of their evaluation dates, we concluded that the carrying amounts of the ugg, sanuk and other brands' goodwill and the teva trademarks, were not impaired. our teva trademarks were evaluated under accounting standards update (asu) no. 2012-02, testing indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment, and we concluded, based on an evaluation of all relevant qualitative factors, including macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, cost factors, financial performance, entity-specific events, and legal, regulatory, contractual, political, business, or other factors, that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of the teva trademarks is less than its carrying amount, and accordingly we did not perform a quantitative impairment test for the teva trademarks. our goodwill balance at march 31, 2016 represents goodwill in the ugg, sanuk and other brands' reporting units. we believe that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of the ugg reporting unit's fair value and the other brands' reporting units' fair value are less than their respective carrying values. the ugg and other brands' goodwill were evaluated based on qualitative analyses.
we performed a quantitative analysis of the sanuk reporting unit's fair value at october 31, 2015, and concluded that it was not impaired with a significant excess compared to its carrying value.
we also qualitatively evaluated amortizable long-lived assets, including intangible assets at december 31, 2015 and december 31, 2014. during the fiscal year ended march 31, 2016, we recorded impairment losses of approximately $4,000 for 24 of our retail stores and other long-lived assets impacted by the retail store fleet optimization. refer to note 2 of our accompanying consolidated financial statements in part iv of this annual report on form 10-k for a discussion of our retail store fleet optimization. we also recognized impairment charges of approximately $9,800 for retail stores for which the fair values did not exceed their carrying values, $4,000 related to various bt supply chain software and $2,000 for various other assets as a result of the office consolidation plan. at march 31, 2015, we recorded immaterial impairment losses for four of our retail stores for which the fair values did not exceed their carrying values. our other valuation methodologies used at march 31, 2016 did not change from the prior years.
performance-based compensation the recognition of performance-based compensation decreased approximately $18,000 in fiscal year 2016 compared to fiscal year 2015. at march 31, 2016, the threshold level of the performance objectives relating to our fiscal year 2016 performance-based compensation awards was not achieved, nor were the goals against peer companies, and we reversed expense for those awards. in contrast, at march 31, 2015, the target level of the performance objectives relating to our fiscal year 2015 performance-based compensation awards was partially achieved, and we recognized the expense accordingly.
the recognition of performance-based compensation decreased by approximately $8,000 in fiscal year 2015 compared to the prior fiscal year period. at march 31, 2015, the target level of the performance objectives relating to our fiscal year 2015 performance-based compensation awards was only partially achieved, and we have recognized the expense accordingly. in contrast, at december 31, 2013, we achieved at or above the threshold level of the performance objectives relating to our 2013 performance-based cash awards and we recognized expense for those 2013 awards accordingly at that time.
at the beginning of each fiscal year, our compensation committee reviews our operating results from the prior fiscal year, as well as the financial and strategic plan for the next fiscal year and for subsequent fiscal years. the committee then establishes specific annual company financial goals and specific strategic goals for each executive. performance-based compensation awards for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2015 were partially earned, and performance-based compensation awards for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2016 were not earned, based on our achievement of certain targets for annual revenue, earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (ebitda), and earnings per share, as well as achievement of pre-determined individual financial performance goals that are tailored to individual employees based on their role and responsibilities with us. the performance objectives and goals, as well as the targets, differ each year and are based upon many factors, including our current business stage and strategies, our recent financial and operating performance, expected growth rates over the prior year's performance, business and general economic conditions and market and peer group analysis. for example, in evaluating targets for the 2015 fiscal year, our compensation committee reviewed, among other things, our ebitda for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2013, which was approximately $251,800 and in evaluating targets for the 2016 fiscal year, our compensation committee reviewed among other things, our ebitda for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2015, which was approximately $270,900. performance objectives for the 2016 fiscal year were based, in part, upon the expected achievement of growth in our revenue, ebitda and earnings per share for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2016 as compared to our ebitda for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2015. our higher ebitda for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2015 as compared to the fiscal year ended december 31, 2013 resulted in fiscal year 2016 ebitda targets that were higher than the 2015 ebitda targets.
in accordance with applicable accounting guidance, we recognize performance-based compensation expenses when it is deemed probable that the applicable performance-based goal will be met. we evaluate the probability of achieving performance-based goals on a quarterly basis. our assessment of the probability of achieving specified goals can fluctuate from quarter to quarter as we assess our projected achievement as compared to specified performance targets. as a result, the compensation expense we recognize may also fluctuate from period to period.
recent accounting pronouncements on may 28, 2014, the financial accounting standards board (fasb) issued asu no. 2014-09, revenue from contracts with customers, which requires an entity to recognize the amount of revenue to which it expects to be entitled for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers. the asu will replace most existing revenue recognition guidance in us gaap when it becomes effective. the standard permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. on august 12, 2015, the fasb issued asu no. 2015-14, revenue from contracts with customers, which provides for a one year deferral of the effective date of asu no. 2014-09, as well as early application, which will be effective for us on april 1, 2018. in march 2016, the fasb issued asu no. 2016-08, principal versus agent considerations (reporting revenue gross versus net), which clarifies how to apply the implementation guidance related to principal versus agent considerations within asu no. 2014-09. we are evaluating the effect that all of the asus related to revenue from contracts with customers will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. we have not yet selected a transition method nor have we determined the effect of the standard on our ongoing financial reporting.
in april 2015, the fasb issued asu no. 2015-03, simplifying the presentation of debt issuance costs, which requires an entity to present debt issuance costs on the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying value of the associated debt liability, consistent with the presentation of a debt discount. prior to the issuance of the standard, debt issuance costs were required to be presented in the balance sheet as a deferred charge (i.e., an asset). this asu is effective for us on april 1, 2016, with early adoption permitted. on august 18, 2015, the fasb issued asu no. 2015-15, presentation and subsequent measurement of debt issuance costs associated with line-of-credit arrangements, which allows an entity to continue to present debt issuance costs related to line of credit arrangements as deferred charges. the adoption of asu no. 2015-03 and asu no. 2015-15 will not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements or related disclosures.
in april 2015, the fasb issued asu no. 2015-05, customer's accounting for fees paid in a cloud computing arrangement, which clarifies whether a cloud computing arrangement should be treated as a software license or a service contract. customers that have a cloud computing arrangement that includes a software license are required to account for the software license element of the arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses. customers that have a cloud computing arrangement that does not include a software license are required to account for the arrangement as a service contract. this asu is effective for us on april 1, 2016, with early adoption permitted. the adoption of asu no. 2015-05 is not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements or related disclosures.
in july 2015, the fasb issued asu no. 2015-11, simplifying the measurement of inventory, which changed the measurement principle for inventory from the lower of cost or market to the lower of cost and net realizable value. current us gaap requires, at each financial statement date, that entities measure inventory at the lower of cost or market, most commonly the current replacement cost. this asu is effective for us on april 1, 2017, with early adoption permitted. we are evaluating the effect that asu no. 2015-11 will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures, but we believe it will not have a material impact.
in november 2015, the fasb issued asu no. 2015-17, balance sheet classification of deferred taxes, which requires that an entity classify deferred tax assets and liabilities as noncurrent on the balance sheet. prior to the issuance of the standard, deferred tax assets and liabilities were required to be separated into current and noncurrent amounts on the basis of the classification of the related asset or liability. this asu is effective for us on april 1, 2017, with early adoption permitted. we have prospectively adopted this asu beginning with the period ending march 31, 2016 in our annual report on form 10-k. the adoption of asu no. 2015-17 did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
in february 2016, the fasb issued asu 2016-02, leases, to increase transparency and comparability among organizations by recognizing lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. the new standard requires the recognition of lease assets and lease liabilities by lessees for those leases classified as operating leases under previous gaap. a lessee should recognize in the balance sheet a liability to make lease payments (the lease liability) at fair value and an offsetting right-of-use asset representing its right to use the underlying asset for the lease term. when measuring assets and liabilities arising from a lease, a lessee (and a lessor) should include payments to be made in optional periods only if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise an option to extend the lease or not to exercise an option to terminate the lease. similarly, optional payments to purchase the underlying asset should be included in the measurement of lease assets and lease liabilities only if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise that purchase option. this asu is effective for us on april 1, 2019. we
are evaluating the effect that the asu will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. since we utilize operating leases for most of our facilities and retail stores, it is anticipated that adoption of the asu will have a material impact on our balance sheet presentation.
in march 2016, the fasb issued asu no. 2016-09, improvements to employee share-based payment accounting, which requires that an entity recognize excess tax benefits and certain tax deficiencies of employee share-based payment awards in the income statement instead of in additional paid-in-capital when the awards vest or are settled and present excess tax benefits as an operating activity on the statement of cash flows instead of as a financing activity. this asu also allows entities to repurchase more of an employee's shares for tax withholding purposes without triggering liability accounting and to make a policy election to either estimate the number of awards that are expected to vest or to account for forfeitures as they occur. in addition, the cash paid by an entity to a tax authority when shares are withheld to satisfy its statutory income tax withholding obligation is required to be classified as a financing activity on its statement of cash flows. this asu is effective for us on april 1, 2017, with early adoption permitted. we are evaluating the impact of asu no. 2016-09 on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.