item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations cautionary note regarding forward-looking statements this document, including the following management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, contains forward-looking statements that are not purely historical regarding dexcom's or its management's intentions, beliefs, expectations and strategies for the future. these forward-looking statements fall within the meaning of the federal securities laws that relate to future events or our future financial performance. in some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as "may," "will," "expect," "plan," "anticipate," "believe," "estimate," "intend," "potential" or "continue" or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this report, deal with future events, are subject to various risks and uncertainties, and actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in those forward looking statements. the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially are more fully described under "risk factors" and elsewhere in this report, and our other reports filed with the sec. except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update any of the forward-looking statements after the date of this report or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual results.
overview we are a medical device company primarily focused on the design, development and commercialization of continuous glucose monitoring ("cgm") systems for ambulatory use by people with diabetes and for use by healthcare providers for the treatment of people with and without diabetes. unless the context requires otherwise, the terms "we," "us," "our," the "company," or "dexcom" refer to dexcom, inc. and its subsidiaries.
from inception to 2006, we devoted substantially all of our resources to start-up activities, raising capital and research and development, including product design, testing, manufacturing and clinical trials. since 2006, we have devoted considerable resources to the commercialization of our ambulatory continuous glucose monitoring systems, including the seven plus, g4 platinum and g5 mobile, as well as the continued research and clinical development of our technology platform.
as of december 31, 2015, we generated $1.1 billion of product and development grant and other (non-product) revenue, and we have incurred net losses in each year since our inception in may 1999. as of december 31, 2015, we had an accumulated deficit of $555.4 million. we expect our losses to continue as we proceed with our commercialization and research and development activities. we have financed our operations primarily through offerings of equity securities and debt, and the sales of our products.
financial operations revenue we sell our durable systems and disposable units through a direct sales force in the united states and through distribution arrangements in the united states, canada, australia, new zealand, and in portions of europe, asia, the middle east, latin america and africa. we have contracts with certain distributors who stock our products, and we refer to these distributors as stocking distributors, whereby the distributors fulfill orders for our product from their inventory. we also have contracts with certain distributors that do not stock our products, but rather products are shipped directly to the customer by us on behalf of our distributor, and we refer to these distributors as drop-ship distributors. we expect that revenues we generate from the sales of our products will fluctuate from quarter to quarter. between 2008 and 2015, we entered into joint development and collaboration agreements with animas and tandem, as well as other third parties under agreements that have since expired or been terminated, under which we recognized development grant and other revenue received pursuant to each agreement ratably over the term of the development period. we recognize development milestones associated with each agreement as revenue upon achievement of each milestone if the milestone is considered substantive.
cost of sales product cost of sales includes direct labor and materials costs related to each product sold or produced, including assembly, test labor and scrap, as well as factory overhead supporting our manufacturing operations. factory overhead includes facilities, material procurement and control, manufacturing engineering, quality assurance, supervision and management. these costs are primarily salary, fringe benefits, share-based compensation, facility expense, supplies and purchased services. a portion of our costs are currently fixed due to our moderate level of production volumes compared to our potential capacity. all of our manufacturing costs are included in product cost of sales. development and other cost of sales consists primarily of salaries, fringe benefits, facility expense, and supplies directly attributable to our development or service contracts.
research and development our research and development expenses primarily consist of engineering and research expenses related to our continuous glucose monitoring technology, clinical trials, regulatory expenses, quality assurance programs, materials and products for clinical trials. research and development expenses are primarily related to employee compensation, including salary, fringe benefits, share-based compensation, and temporary employee expenses. we also incur significant expenses to operate our clinical trials including clinical site reimbursement, clinical trial product and associated travel expenses. our research and development expenses also include fees for design services, contractors and development materials.
selling, general and administrative our selling, general and administrative expenses primarily consist of salary, fringe benefits and share-based compensation for our executive, financial, sales, marketing and administrative functions. other significant expenses include trade show expenses, sales samples, insurance, professional fees for our outside legal counsel and independent auditors, litigation expenses, patent application expenses and consulting expenses.
results of operations fiscal year ended december 31, 2015 compared to december 31, 2014
revenue, cost of sales and gross profit product revenues increased $143.6 million to $400.7 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2015 compared to $257.1 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014 based primarily on increased sales volume of our disposable sensors due to the continued growth of our installed base of customers using our g4 platinum and g5 mobile systems and durable systems to both new and existing customers. revenue attributable to our disposable sensors and durable systems was approximately 70% and 30%, respectively, of total product revenue, for each of the twelve months ended december 31, 2015 and 2014. there were no sales of the seven plus, during the twelve months ended december 31, 2015. sales of the seven plus represented less than 1% of our revenues for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014.
product cost of sales increased $41.3 million to $123.6 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2015 compared to $82.3 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014 primarily due to increased sales volume. the product gross profit of $277.1 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2015 increased $102.3 million compared to $174.8 million for the same period in 2014, primarily due to increased revenue. in conjunction with the fda approval and launch of the g4 platinum with share during the first quarter of 2015, the product gross profit for the twelve months ended december 31, 2015 included $2.0 million in additional excess and obsolete inventory.
revenue from products shipped to our drop-ship distributors' customers was $39.0 million, or 10%, of our total revenues for the twelve months ended december 31, 2015 compared to $31.8 million, or 12%, of our total revenues for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014. revenue from products shipped to stocking distributors was $244.0 million, or 61%, of our total revenues for the twelve months ended december 31, 2015 compared to $143.2 million, or 55%, of our total revenues for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014.
development grant and other revenues decreased $0.8 million to $1.3 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2015 compared to $2.1 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014. we did not incur any development and other cost of sales during the twelve months ended december 31, 2015. development and other cost of sales was $0.6 million during the twelve months ended december 31, 2014. the decrease in development grant and other revenues during the twelve months ended december 31, 2015 was primarily due to the completion of development activities with edwards. the decrease in costs associated with development was primarily due to fewer development obligations during the period with respect to our collaboration and development arrangements.
research and development. research and development expense increased $68.1 million to $137.5 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2015, compared to $69.4 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014. the increase was primarily due to the upfront fee related to verily collaboration agreement costs, additional headcount and costs to support development of future products. significant elements of the increase in research and development costs included $36.5 million in non-cash expense associated with the issuance of 404,591 shares in august 2015 related to the verily collaboration agreement, $12.4 million in additional salaries, bonus and payroll related costs, and $11.5 million in additional share-based compensation costs driven by the higher grant date fair value of awards as a result of our increased stock price.
selling, general and administrative. selling, general and administrative expense increased $69.6 million to $198.0 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2015, compared to $128.4 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014. the increase was primarily due to higher headcount related selling costs, marketing campaigns and information technology infrastructure costs to support revenue growth and the continued commercialization of our products.
significant elements of the increase in selling, general, and administrative expenses included $17.6 million in additional share-based compensation costs driven by the higher grant date fair value of awards as a result of our increased stock price, $16.3 million in additional salaries, bonus, and payroll related costs, $10.0 million in additional marketing costs, and $2.8 million in additional facilities costs.
income tax expense. income tax expense was $0.1 million for each of the twelve months ended december 31, 2015 december 31, 2014. income tax expense is primarily related to state minimum taxes and foreign income taxes related to our subsidiary in sweden.
revenue, cost of sales and gross profit product revenue increased $100.0 million to $257.1 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014, compared to $157.1 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2013 based primarily on increased sales volume of our durable systems and disposable sensors, due to the continued growth of our installed base of customers using our g4 platinum system. revenue attributable to our disposable sensors and durable systems was approximately 70% and 30%, respectively, of total product revenue, for each of the twelve months ended december 31, 2014 and 2013. sales of the seven plus represented less than 1% of our revenues for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014 and approximately 9% of our revenues for the twelve months ended december 31, 2013.
product cost of sales increased $24.2 million to $82.3 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014 compared to $58.1 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2013 primarily due to increased sales volume. the product gross profit of $174.8 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014 increased $75.8 million compared to $99.0 million for the same period in 2013, primarily due to increased revenue and the greater sales mix of our higher margin g4 platinum system compared to our seven plus system.
revenue from products shipped to our drop-ship distributors' customers was $31.8 million, or 12%, of our total revenues for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014, compared to $23.4 million, or 15%, of our total revenues for the twelve months ended december 31, 2013. revenue from the shipment of products to stocking distributors was $143.2 million, or 55%, of our total revenues for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014, compared to $70.5 million, or 44%, of our total revenues for the twelve months ended december 31, 2013.
development grant and other revenues decreased $0.8 million to $2.1 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014, compared to $2.9 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2013. development and other cost of sales decreased $1.2 million to $0.6 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014, compared to $1.8 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2013. the decrease in development grant and other revenues during the twelve months ended december 31, 2014 was primarily due to the termination of a research and development agreement with roche diagnostics operations, inc. in february 2013 and the completion of development activities under the collaboration agreement with edwards, partially offset by the $1.0 million milestone received in july 2014 from tandem related to their regulatory submission to the fda of a cgm- enabled insulin pump. the decrease in costs associated with development was primarily due to fewer development obligations during the period with respect to our collaboration and development arrangements.
research and development. research and development expense increased $24.6 million to $69.4 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014, compared to $44.8 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2013. the increase was primarily due to additional non-cash share-based compensation costs and additional headcount and consulting costs to support development of future products. significant elements of the increase in research and development costs included $8.5 million in additional share-based compensation, $8.2 million in additional consulting costs, and $6.2 million in additional salaries, bonus and payroll related costs, partially offset by $2.8 million in lower non-cash charges related to fair value adjustments of the sweetspot acquisition contingent consideration resulting from updates to assumed probability of achievement of milestones and adjustments to the discount periods.
selling, general and administrative. selling, general and administrative expense increased $44.2 million to $128.4 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014, compared to $84.2 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2013. the increase was primarily due to higher headcount related selling costs and information technology infrastructure costs to support revenue growth and the continued commercialization of our products. significant elements of the increase in selling, general, and administrative expenses included $15.0 million in additional share-based compensation costs, $10.7 million in additional salaries, bonus, and payroll related costs, $4.6 million in additional sales commissions, and $1.5 million in additional temporary labor costs.
income tax expense/benefit. income tax expense was $0.1 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014, compared to a benefit of $12,000 for the twelve months ended december 31, 2013. the increase in income tax expense was due to increases in state minimum taxes and foreign income taxes related to our subsidiary in sweden.
liquidity and capital resources we have incurred losses since our inception in may 1999. as of december 31, 2015, we had an accumulated deficit of $555.4 million and had working capital of $164.4 million. our cash, cash equivalents and short-term marketable securities totaled $115.2 million. to date, we have funded our operations primarily through offerings of equity securities and debt, and the sales of our products.
in july 2013, we were awarded the helmsley grant from the helmsley trust to accelerate the development of our gen 6 sensor. the funding was milestone based and was contingent upon our meeting specific development milestones related to the gen 6 sensor over a period of several years. all such milestones have now been met. upon the successful commercialization of the gen 6 sensor, we are obligated to either (1) make royalty payments of up to $2.0 million per year for four years, or (2) at our sole election, make a one-time $6.0 million royalty payment. as of december 31, 2015, we have received the full $4.0 million of the helmsley grant funds.
(in millions)                                                                         years ended december 31,   change
net cash provided by operating activities                 $49.0                 $23.6                $2.4        $25.4                         $21.2
net cash provided by operating activities. the increase in cash provided by operations for the twelve months ended december 31, 2015, compared to the twelve months ended december 31, 2014 was primarily due to $72.2 million in higher non-cash charges primarily comprised of share-based compensation and the issuance of shares associated with the verily collaboration agreement, partially offset by $35.2 million in higher net loss, and an additional $11.6 million cash outflow from changes in operating assets and liabilities. the main drivers in the change in operating assets and liabilities included increases in accounts receivable, inventory, and accounts payable and accrued liabilities, all as a result of our growth.
the increase in cash provided by operations for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014, compared to the twelve months ended december 31, 2013 was primarily due to $23.8 million in higher non-cash charges primarily comprised of share-based compensation and $7.4 million in lower net loss, partially offset by an additional $10.0 million cash outflow from changes in operating assets and liabilities. the main drivers in the change in operating assets and liabilities included increases in accounts receivable, inventory, and accounts payable and accrued liabilities, all as a result of our growth.
net cash used in/provided by investing activities. the change in cash used in investing activities for the twelve months ended december 31, 2015, compared to the twelve months ended december 31, 2014 was primarily due to a $31.4 million increase in cash used to purchase short-term marketable securities and by the use of $33.3 million to purchase equipment to support manufacturing improvements and information technology infrastructure for the twelve months ended december 31, 2015, compared to $16.2 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014, partially offset by a $14.3 million increase in proceeds from the maturity of short-term marketable securities.
the change in cash used in investing activities for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014, compared to the twelve months ended december 31, 2013 was primarily due to a $31.9 million decrease in proceeds from the maturity of short-term marketable securities and by the use of $16.2 million to purchase equipment to support manufacturing improvements and information technology infrastructure for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014, compared to $7.9 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2013, partially offset by a $2.5 million decrease in cash used to purchase short-term marketable securities.
for the twelve months ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, we invested $33.3 million, $16.2 million and $7.9 million, respectively, to purchase equipment to support manufacturing improvements and information technology infrastructure.
net cash provided by financing activities. the change in cash provided by financing activities for the twelve months ended december 31, 2015, compared to the twelve months ended december 31, 2014 was due to a $4.9 million decrease in proceeds from the issuance of common stock pursuant to the exercise of then-outstanding stock options.
the change in cash provided by financing activities for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014, compared to the twelve months ended december 31, 2013 was due to a $12.0 million increase in proceeds from the issuance of common stock pursuant to the exercise of then-outstanding stock options, partially offset by the repayment of long-term debt of $2.2 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014.
operating capital and capital expenditure requirements we anticipate that we will continue to incur net losses as we incur expenses and expand the commercialization of our approved products, develop additional continuous glucose monitoring products, and expand our marketing, manufacturing and corporate infrastructure.
we believe that our cash, cash equivalents, short-term marketable securities balances, and projected cash contributions from our commercial operations will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash requirements with respect to the continued scale-up of our commercialization activities, research and development activities, including clinical trials, the expansion of our marketing, manufacturing and corporate infrastructure, and to meet our other anticipated cash needs through at least december 31, 2016. if our available cash, cash equivalents and short-term marketable securities are insufficient to satisfy our liquidity requirements, or if we develop additional products or new markets for our existing products, we may seek to sell additional equity or debt securities or obtain an additional credit facility. the sale of additional equity and debt securities may result in additional dilution to our stockholders. if we raise additional funds through the issuance of debt securities or preferred stock, these securities could have rights senior to those of our common stock and could contain covenants that would restrict our operations. we may require additional capital beyond our currently forecasted amounts. any such required additional capital may not be available on reasonable terms, if at all. additionally, we cannot guaranty that we will be successful in obtaining additional cash contributions from future partnership arrangements. our ability to transition to, and maintain profitable operations is dependent upon achieving a level of revenues adequate to support our cost structure. if events or circumstances occur such that we do not meet our operating plan as expected, or if we are unable to obtain additional financing, we may be required to reduce planned increases in compensation related expenses or other operating expenses related to research, development, and commercialization activities, which could have an adverse impact on our ability to achieve our intended business objectives.
because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with the development of continuous glucose monitoring technologies, we are unable to estimate the exact amounts of capital outlays and operating expenditures associated with our current and anticipated clinical trials. our future funding requirements will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to:
•   the revenue generated by sales of our approved products and other future products;
•   the expenses we incur in manufacturing, developing, selling and marketing our products;
•   the quality levels of our products and services;
•   the third-party reimbursement of our products for our customers;
•   our ability to efficiently scale our manufacturing operations to meet demand for our current and any future products;
•   the costs, timing and risks of delays of additional regulatory approvals;
•   the costs of filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing any patent claims and other intellectual property rights;
•   the rate of progress and cost of our clinical trials and other development activities;
•   the success of our research and development efforts;
•   the emergence of competing or complementary technological developments;
•   the terms and timing of any collaborative, licensing and other arrangements that we may establish; and
•   the acquisition of businesses, products and technologies and our ability to integrate and manage any acquired businesses, products and technologies, including without limitation, sweetspot.
contractual obligations in november 2012, we entered into a loan and security agreement (the "loan agreement") that provided for (i) a $15.0 million revolving line of credit and (ii) a total term loan of up to $20.0 million (the "term loan"), in both cases, to be used for general corporate purposes. the borrowings under the loan agreement are collateralized by a first priority security interest in substantially all of our assets with a negative pledge on our intellectual property.
the revolving line of credit expired as of november 2015 with no amounts drawn or outstanding. in accordance with the loan agreement, $7.0 million was advanced under the term loan at the funding date in november 2012 and the remaining $13.0 million in additional funds expired unused. the term loan bears a fixed interest rate equal to the three-year treasury rate at the time of advance plus 6.94% and requires payment of interest only for the first year and amortized payments of interest and principal thereafter through the maturity date of november 2016.
under the office lease agreement, as amended (the "office lease"), with john hancock life insurance company (u.s.a.) (the "landlord") we lease approximately 219,000 square feet of space in the locations at 6340 sequence drive, 6310 sequence drive and 6290 sequence drive. the amended lease term extends through march 2022 and we have an option to renew the lease upon the expiration of the initial term for two additional five-year terms by giving notice to the landlord prior to the end of the initial term of the lease and any extension period, if applicable. provided we are not in default under the office lease and the office lease is still in effect, we generally have the right to terminate the lease starting at the 55th month of the office lease. in september 2015, we received $1.8 million of tenant improvement allowance associated with the office lease, which was recorded as a deferred rent obligation and will be amortized over the term of the lease and reflected as a reduction to rent expense. leasehold improvements associated with the tenant improvement allowance are included in "property and equipment, net" in our consolidated balance sheet. we have also entered into other operating lease agreements, primarily for office and warehouse space, that expire at various times through march 2022.
as of december 31, 2015, we are required to make total future monthly payments, excluding real estate taxes and operating costs, for all of our real estate obligations for the period from january 2016 through september 2023 totaling $31.5 million.
on february 1, 2016, we entered into a sublease (the "sublease") with entropic communications, llc with respect to facilities in the building at 6350 sequence drive. under the sublease, we leased approximately 132,600 square feet of space in the 6350 building. the lease term extends through january 2022. rent payable under the sublease will be approximately $14.6 million. for additional detail see note 10 "subsequent events" in the notes to our consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k.
we are party to various purchase arrangements related to components used in manufacturing and research and development activities. as of december 31, 2015, we had purchase commitments with certain vendors totaling approximately $49.3 million due within one year. there are no material purchase commitments due beyond one year.
the following table summarizes our outstanding contractual obligations as of december 31, 2015 and the effect those obligations are expected to have on our liquidity and cash flows in future periods (in millions):
contractual obligations:             total           lessthan1 year       1-3years       3-5years   morethan5 years operating leases                 $31.5                  $4.8             $9.6          $10.6        $6.5
off-balance sheet arrangements we have not engaged in any off-balance sheet activities.
critical accounting policies and estimates the discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our consolidated financial statements, which we have prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap. the preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements as well as the reported revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. on an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and judgments. we base our estimates on historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.
while our significant accounting policies are more fully described in note 1 to our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on form 10-k, we believe that the following accounting policies and estimates are most critical to a full understanding and evaluation of our reported financial results.
revenue recognition we sell our durable systems and disposable units through a direct sales force in the united states and through distribution arrangements in the united states, canada, australia, new zealand, and in portions of europe, asia, the middle east, latin america and africa. components are individually priced and can be purchased separately or together. we receive payment directly from customers who use our products, as well as from distributors, organizations and third-party payors. our durable system includes a reusable transmitter, a receiver, a power cord and a usb cable. disposable sensors for use with the durable system are sold separately in packages of four. we provide free of charge software and mobile applications for use with our durable systems and disposable sensors. the initial durable system price is generally not dependent upon the purchase of any amount of disposable sensors.
revenue is recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred or services have been rendered, the price is fixed or determinable, and collectability is reasonably assured. revenue on product sales is generally recognized upon shipment, which is when title and the risk of loss have been transferred to the customer and there are no other post shipment obligations. with respect to customers who directly pay for products, the products are generally paid for at the time of shipment using a customer's credit card and do not include customer acceptance provisions. we recognize revenue from contracted insurance payors based on the contracted rate. for non-contracted insurance payors, we obtain prior authorization from the payor and recognize revenue based on the estimated collectible amount and historical experience. we also receive a prescription or statement of medical necessity and, for insurance reimbursement customers, an assignment of benefits prior to shipment.
we provide a "30-day money back guarantee" program whereby customers who purchase a durable system and a package of four disposable sensors may return the durable system for any reason within thirty days of purchase and receive a full refund of the purchase price of the durable system. we accrue for estimated returns, refunds and rebates, including pharmacy rebates, by reducing revenues and establishing a liability account at the time of shipment based on historical experience. returns have historically been immaterial. allowances for rebates include contracted discounts with commercial payors and are amounts owed after the final dispensing of the product by a distributor or retail pharmacy to a pharmacy benefit plan participant and are based upon contractual agreements with private sector benefit providers. the allowance for rebates is based on contractual discount rates, expected utilization under each contract and our estimate of the amount of inventory in the distribution channel that will become subject to such rebates. our estimates for expected utilization for rebates are based on historical rebate claims and to a lesser extent third party market research data. rebates are generally invoiced and paid monthly or quarterly in arrears so that our accrual consists of an estimate of the amount expected to be incurred for the current month's or quarter's activity, plus an accrual for unpaid rebates from prior periods, and an accrual for inventory in the distribution channel.
we have entered into distribution agreements with edgepark, byram and other distributors that allow the distributors to sell our durable systems and disposable units. we have contracts with certain distributors who stock our products, and we refer to these distributors as stocking distributors, whereby the stocking distributors fulfill orders for our product from their inventory. we also have contracts with certain distributors that do not stock our products, but rather products are shipped directly to the customer by us on behalf of our distributor, and we refer to these distributors as drop-ship distributors. revenue is recognized based on contracted prices and invoices are either paid by check following the issuance of a purchase order or letter of credit, or they are paid by wire at the time of placing the order. terms of distributor orders are generally freight on board ("fob") shipping point (or free carrier ("fca") shipping point for international orders). distributors do not have rights of return per their distribution agreement outside of our standard warranty. the distributors typically have a limited time frame to notify us of any missing, damaged, defective or non-conforming products. for any such products, we shall either, at our option, replace the portion of defective or non-conforming product at no additional cost to the distributor or cancel the order and refund any portion of the price paid to us at that time for the sale in question.
share-based compensation share-based compensation expense is measured at the grant date based on the estimated fair value of the award and is recognized, for awards that are ultimately expected to vest, primarily on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the individual grants, which typically equals the vesting period. the fair value of our restricted stock units ("rsus") is based on the market price of our common stock on the date of grant. we are also required to estimate at grant the likelihood that the award will ultimately vest (the "pre-vesting forfeiture rate"), and to revise the estimate, if necessary, in future periods if the actual forfeiture rate differs. we determine the pre-vesting forfeiture rate of an award based on our historical pre-vesting award forfeiture experience, giving consideration to company-specific events impacting historical pre-vesting award forfeiture experience that are unlikely to occur in the future as well as anticipated future events that may impact forfeiture rates. we use our historical data to estimate pre-vesting forfeitures and record stock-based compensation expense only for those awards that are expected to vest.
inventory inventory is valued at the lower of cost or market value on a part-by-part basis that approximates first in, first out. we make adjustments to reduce the cost of inventory to its net realizable value, if required, for estimated excess, obsolete and potential scrapped inventories. factors influencing these adjustments include inventories on hand and on order compared to estimated future usage and sales for existing and new products, as well as judgments regarding quality control testing data, and assumptions about the likelihood of scrap and obsolescence. once written down the adjustments are considered permanent and are not reversed until the related inventory is sold or disposed.
our products require customized products and components that currently are available from a limited number of sources. we purchase certain components and materials from single sources due to quality considerations, costs or constraints resulting from regulatory requirements.
warranty accrual estimated warranty costs associated with a product are recorded at the time of shipment. we estimate future warranty costs by analyzing historical warranty experience for the timing and amount of returned product, and these estimates are evaluated on at least a quarterly basis to determine the continued appropriateness of such assumptions.
recent accounting guidance in may 2014, the financial accounting standards board ("fasb") issued authoritative guidance for revenue from contracts with customers, to supersede nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance under u.s. gaap. the core principle of the guidance is to recognize revenues when promised goods or services are transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration that is expected to be received for those goods or services. the guidance defines a five step process to achieve this core principle and it is possible when the five step process is applied, more judgment and estimates may be required within the revenue recognition process than required under existing u.s. gaap including identifying performance obligations in the contract, estimating the amount of variable consideration to include in the transaction price and allocating the transaction price to each separate performance obligation. the updated standard permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition method and is effective for us in our first quarter of fiscal 2018. early adoption is not permitted. we have not yet selected a transition method and we are currently evaluating the effect that the updated standard will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.
in july 2015, the fasb issued guidance to change the subsequent measurement of inventory from lower of cost or market to lower of cost and net realizable value. the guidance requires that inventory accounted for under the first-in, first-out (fifo) or average cost methods be measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value, where net realizable value represents the estimated selling price of inventory in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. the guidance is effective for us beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2018. earlier application is permitted as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. we are currently evaluating the effect this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements.
in november 2015, the fasb issued asu 2015-17, balance sheet classification of deferred taxes ("asu 2015-17"), which requires entities to present deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities as noncurrent in a classified balance sheet. the asu simplifies the current guidance in asc topic 740, income taxes, which requires entities to separately present deferred tax assets and liabilities as current and noncurrent in a classified balance sheet. asu 2015-17 is effective for fiscal years beginning after december 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. early adoption is permitted for all entities as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. we have elected to early adopt effective december 31, 2015 with our deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities presented as noncurrent in the consolidated balance sheet and related disclosures for the year ended december 31, 2015.