item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following management discussion and analysis ("md&a") provides a narrative of the results of operations and financial condition of mcgraw hill financial, inc. (together with its consolidated subsidiaries, the "company," "we," "us" or "our") for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. the md&a should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included in this form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2015, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the u.s. ("u.s. gaap").
•   results of operations
•   liquidity and capital resources
•   reconciliation of non-gaap financial information
•   recently issued or adopted accounting standards certain of the statements below are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. in addition, any projections of future results of operations and cash flows are subject to substantial uncertainty. see forward-looking statements on page 4 of this report.
overview we are a leading benchmarks and ratings, analytics, data and research provider serving the global capital, commodities and commercial markets. the capital markets include asset managers, investment banks, commercial banks, insurance companies, exchanges, and issuers; the commodities markets include producers, traders and intermediaries within energy, metals, petrochemicals and agriculture; and the commercial markets include professionals and corporate executives within automotive, financial services, insurance and marketing / research information services.
our operations consist of four reportable segments: standard & poor's ratings services ("s&p ratings"), s&p capital iq and snl, s&p dow jones indices ("s&p dj indices") and commodities & commercial ("c&c").
•   s&amp;p ratings is an independent provider of credit ratings, research and analytics, offering investors and market participants information, ratings and benchmarks.
•   s&amp;p capital iq and snl is a global provider of multi-asset-class data, research and analytical capabilities, which integrate cross-asset analytics and desktop services.
•   s&amp;p dj indices is a global index provider that maintains a wide variety of valuation and index benchmarks for investment advisors, wealth managers and institutional investors.
•   c&amp;c consists of business-to-business companies specializing in commercial and commodities markets that deliver their customers access to high-value information, data, analytic services and pricing and quality benchmarks. as of august 1, 2013, we completed the sale of aviation week and the results have been included in c&amp;c's results through that date.
in the fourth quarter of 2015, we began exploring strategic alternatives for j.d. power, included in our c&c segment. we committed to and initiated an active program to sell j.d. power in its current state that we believe is probable in the next year. as a result, we have classified the assets and liabilities of j.d. power as held for sale in our consolidated balance sheet as of december 31, 2015. the anticipated disposal does not represent a strategic shift that will have a major effect on operations and financial results, therefore, it is not classified as a discontinued operation.
on november 3, 2014, we completed the sale of mcgraw hill construction, which has historically been part of our c&c segment, to symphony technology group for $320 million in cash. we recorded an after-tax gain on the sale of $160 million, which is included in discontinued operations, net in the consolidated statement of income for the year ended december 31, 2014. we used the after-tax proceeds from the sale to make selective acquisitions, investments, share repurchases and for general corporate purposes.
on march 22, 2013, we completed the sale of mcgraw-hill education ("mhe") to investment funds affiliated with apollo global management, llc for a purchase price of $2.4 billion in cash. we recorded an after-tax gain on the sale of $589 million, which
is included in discontinued operations, net in the consolidated statement of income for the year ended december 31, 2013. we used the after-tax proceeds from the sale to pay down short-term debt for the special dividend paid in 2012, to make selective acquisitions, investments, share repurchases and for general corporate purposes.
in 2015, we continued to focus on investments in targeted financial assets, divesting selected non-core assets, reducing in our real estate portfolio and increasing shareholder return.
investments in targeted financial assets / divest selected non-core assets during 2015, we continued to create a portfolio focused on scalable, industry leading, interrelated businesses in the capital and commodity markets.
•   s&amp;p capital iq and snl - we acquired snl financial lc ("snl"), a leading provider of news, data, and analytics to five sectors in the global economy: financial institutions, real estate, energy, media &amp; communications, and metals &amp; mining;
◦   we acquired the entire issued share capital of petromedia ltd and its operating subsidiaries, an independent provider of data, intelligence, news and tools to the global fuels market that offers a suite of products providing clients with actionable data and intelligence that enables informed decisions, minimizes risk and increases efficiency;
◦   we acquired national automobile dealers association's used car guide, a leading provider of u.s. retail, trade-in and auction used-vehicle valuation products, services and information.
in 2015, we further reduced our real estate footprint by completing the consolidation of our corporate headquarters with our operations in new york city.
during 2014, we continued to execute our strategy of investing for growth in markets that have size and scale while exiting non-core assets.
•   commodities &amp; commercial - we acquired eclipse energy group as which complements our north american natural gas capabilities, which we obtained from our bentek energy llc acquisition in 2011;
•   s&amp;p ratings - we acquired brc investor services s.a., a colombia-based ratings firm providing risk classifications of banks, financial services providers, insurance companies, corporate bonds and structured issues that will expand our presence in the latin american credit markets.
in 2014, in addition to the divestiture of mcgraw hill construction discussed above, we streamlined our infrastructure by reducing our real estate footprint through selling our data facility, initiating the consolidation of our corporate headquarters with our operations in new york city, as well as disposing of our corporate aircraft.
during 2013, we acquired an incremental 11 million equity shares representing 15.07% of crisil's total outstanding equity shares for $214 million, concurrently increasing our ownership percentage in crisil to 67.84% from 52.77%.
in 2013, we also completed certain dispositions of our non-core assets that allow us to apply greater focus on our high-growth, high-margin benchmark businesses.
•   commodities &amp; commercial - we completed the sale of aviation week to penton, a privately held business information company;
•   s&amp;p capital iq and snl - we completed the sale of financial communications as well as the closure of several non-core businesses.
increased shareholder return during the three years ended december 31, 2015, we have returned $3.3 billion to our shareholders through a combination of share repurchases and our quarterly dividends: we completed share repurchases of $2.3 billion and distributed regular quarterly dividends totaling approximately $997 million. also, on january 27, 2016, the board of directors approved an increase in the quarterly common stock dividend from $0.33 per share to $0.36 per share.
(in millions)                                                                                    years ended december 31,   % change 1
operating profit 2                                                $1,917                  $113                $1,358        n/m                (92)%
% operating margin                                                    36    %                2    %               29    %
1   % changes in the tables throughout the md&amp;a are calculated off of the actual number, not the rounded number presented.
2   2015 includes legal settlements, partially offset by a benefit related to insurance recoveries of $54 million. 2014 includes legal and regulatory settlements of $1.6 billion and 2013 include legal settlements of $77 million.
revenue increased 5% driven by increases at s&p capital iq and snl, c&c and s&p dj indices, partially offset by a decrease at s&p ratings. revenue growth at s&p capital iq and snl was due to the acquisition of snl in september of 2015 and growth of the legacy s&p capital iq products driven by increases in average contract values for each product. the revenue increase at c&c was primarily driven by continued demand for platts' proprietary content as annualized contract values increased. increases at j.d power primarily due to an increase in auto consulting engagements in the u.s. and the acquisition of national automobile dealers association's used car guide ("ucg") in july of 2015 driving the data and analytics revenue growth at c&c. revenue growth at s&p dj indices was due to higher average levels of assets under management for etfs and mutual funds and higher volumes for exchange-traded derivatives. the revenue decrease at s&p ratings was driven by the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates. the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates reduced revenue by 2 percentage points which was offset by the favorable impact from acquisitions of 2 percentage points.
the increase in operating profit was primarily due to the impact of $1.6 billion in legal and regulatory settlements in 2014 compared to net legal settlement expenses of $54 million in 2015. in addition, 2015 includes costs related to identified operating efficiencies primarily related to restructuring of $56 million in 2015 compared to $86 million in 2014. 2015 also includes acquisition-related costs related to the acquisition of snl of $37 million and an $11 million gain on the sale of our interest in a legacy mcgraw hill construction investment. 2014 includes $4 million of professional fees largely related to corporate development activities. excluding these items, operating profit increased 13%. this increase was driven by revenue growth at s&p capital iq and snl, c&c, and s&p dj indices and cost containment efforts at s&p ratings during 2015.
revenue increased 7% driven by increases at all of our segments. the increase at s&p ratings was primarily driven by growth in both corporate and financial services bond ratings revenue, increases in bank loan ratings and higher annual fees. revenue growth at s&p capital iq and snl was driven by increases in average contract values for each product driven by new customer relationships and increases in existing accounts. revenue growth at s&p dj indices was due to higher levels of assets under management for etfs and mutual funds and higher volumes for exchange-traded derivatives. the revenue increase at c&c was primarily driven by continued demand for platts' proprietary content as annualized contract values increased and increases at j.d. power driven by strong demand for auto consulting engagements in the u.s. and singapore. the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates reduced revenue by less than 1 percentage point.
operating profit decreased 92% driven by the unfavorable impact of $1.6 billion of legal and regulatory settlement charges in 2014 compared to legal settlement charges of $77 million in 2013 and higher costs recorded in 2014 related to identified operating efficiencies primarily related to restructuring, partially offset by revenue growth at all of our segments. excluding the unfavorable impact of legal and regulatory settlement charges of 111 percentage points, higher costs recorded in 2014 related to identified operating efficiencies primarily related to restructuring of 3 percentage points, partially offset by the favorable impact of costs necessary to enable the separation of mhe and reduce our cost structure recorded in 2013 of 5 percentage points and a net loss related to the sale of a data center, an equity investment at crisil, aviation week and financial communications in 2013 of 1 percentage point, operating profit increased 17%.
outlook our vision is to be the leading provider of transparent and independent benchmarks and ratings, analytics, data and research in the global capital, commodities and corporate markets. our mission is to promote sustainable growth in these markets by providing customers with essential intelligence and superior service. we seek to accomplish our mission and vision within the framework of our core values of fairness, integrity and transparency. we intend to deliver our products and services through customer-centric distribution channels that enable mission-critical decisions in our core customer sets of investment management, investment banking, commercial banking, insurance, specialty financial institutions and corporates.
we are aligning our efforts against two key strategic priorities: creating growth and driving performance.
creating growth
•   we will strive to drive global growth by focusing on executing our strategic initiatives, strengthening core capabilities and collaborating across businesses.
driving performance
•   we will strive to deliver operational excellence, manage and mitigate risk and enhance leadership and accountability.
there can be no assurance that we will achieve success in implementing any one or more of these strategies as a variety of factors could unfavorably impact operating results, including prolonged difficulties in the global credit markets and a change in the regulatory environment affecting our businesses. see item 1a, risk factors, in this annual report on form 10-k.
further projections and discussion on our 2016 outlook for our segments can be found within " - results of operations".
results of operations consolidated review
(in millions)                                                                                                             years ended december 31,   % change
operating-related expenses                                                                  1,672                 1,627                 1,564        3%                        4%
operating profit                                                                            1,917                   113                 1,358        n/m                    (92)%
less: net loss from discontinuing operations attributable to noncontrolling interests           -                     -                     1        n/m                      n/m net income (loss) attributable to mcgraw hill financial, inc.                              $1,156                 $(115    )           $1,376        n/m                      n/m n/m - not meaningful
(in millions)                                                              years ended december 31,                       % change
% of total revenue:
revenue increased 5% as compared to 2014. subscription / non-transaction revenue increased primarily due to growth at s&p capital iq and snl due to an increase in the average contract values as well as continued demand for platts' proprietary content. non-subscription / transaction revenue increased primarily due to growth at s&p dj indices due to higher assets under management for etfs and mutual funds and higher volumes for exchange-traded derivatives, partially offset by a decrease at s&p ratings which includes the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates. see " - segment review" below for further information.
the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates reduced revenue by 2 percentage points. this impact refers to constant currency comparisons estimated by recalculating current year results of foreign operations using the average exchange rate from the prior year. the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates on revenue primarily related to s&p ratings and was driven by the weakening of the euro to the u.s. dollar.
revenue increased 7% as compared to 2013. subscription / non-transaction revenue increased primarily due to growth at s&p capital iq and snl due to an increase in the average contract values, growth in non-issuance related revenue for corporate ratings primarily related to higher annual fees, and continued demand for platts' proprietary content. non-subscription / transaction revenue increased primarily due to strong growth in corporate bond ratings revenue, an increase in bank loan ratings and higher assets under management for etfs and mutual funds at s&p dj indices, partially offset by lower structured finance revenues. see " - segment review" below for further information.
the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates reduced revenue by less than 1 percentage point.
total expenses the following tables provide an analysis by segment of our operating-related expenses and selling and general expenses for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014:
(in millions)                                                                                    2015                                                                         2014                                                        % change operating-related expenses             selling andgeneral expenses           operating-related expenses             selling andgeneral expenses   operating-related expenses        selling andgeneral expenses s&amp;p ratings 1                             $725                                   $583                                  $777                                 $2,219                                     (7)%                              (74)%
s&amp;p capital iq and snl 2                   614                                    495                                   549                                    411                                      12%                                20%
1   in 2015, selling and general expenses include legal settlements partially offset by a benefit related to legal insurance recoveries of $54 million and restructuring costs of $13 million. in 2014, selling and general expenses include $1.6 billion for legal and regulatory settlements and restructuring charges of $45 million.
2   in 2015, selling and general expenses include acquisition-related costs related to the acquisition of snl of $37 million and costs identified operating efficiencies primarily related to restructuring of $32 million. in 2014, selling and general expenses include $9 million of restructuring charges.
3   in 2014, selling and general expenses include the impact of professional fees largely related to corporate development activities of $4 million.
4   in 2015 and 2014, selling and general expenses include restructuring charges of $1 million and $16 million, respectively.
5   intersegment eliminations relates to a royalty charged to s&amp;p capital iq and snl for the rights to use and distribute content and data developed by s&amp;p ratings.
6   in 2015 and 2014, selling and general expenses include costs related to identified operating efficiencies primarily related to restructuring of $10 million and $16 million, respectively.
operating-related expenses operating-related expenses increased $44 million or 3% as compared to 2014. increases at s&p capital iq and snl primarily driven by higher data processing costs and the acquisition of snl in september of 2015 and increases at c&c due to higher incentive costs were partially offset by declines at s&p ratings driven by our compensation cost containment efforts resulting from 2014 restructuring actions.
selling and general expenses selling and general expenses decreased 50%. excluding the favorable net impact of legal settlement and regulatory settlement charges and insurance recoveries of 48 percentage points, higher costs recorded in 2014 related to identified operating efficiencies primarily related to restructuring of 1 percentage point, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of acquisition-related costs related to the acquisition of snl of 1 percentage point, selling and general expenses decreased 2%. the decline was due to a decrease at s&p ratings driven by lower incentive and legal costs, partially offset by increased costs related to the implementation of the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act and an increase at s&p capital iq and snl driven by the acquisition of snl in september of 2015.
depreciation and amortization depreciation and amortization increased $23 million or 17% as compared to 2014 primarily due to higher intangible asset amortization in 2015 due to the acquisition of snl in september of 2015 and the acquisition of ucg in july of 2015.
the following tables provide an analysis by segment of our operating-related expenses and selling and general expenses for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013:
(in millions)                                                                                    2014                                                                         2013                                                        % change operating-related expenses             selling andgeneral expenses           operating-related expenses             selling andgeneral expenses   operating-related expenses        selling andgeneral expenses s&amp;p ratings 1                             $777                                 $2,219                                  $741                                   $624                                       5%        n/m s&amp;p capital iq and snl 2                   549                                    411                                   538                                    390                                       2%        5%
1   in 2014, selling and general expenses include $1.6 billion for legal and regulatory settlements and restructuring charges of $45 million. in 2013, selling and general expenses include $77 million for legal settlements, restructuring charges of $10 million, and the gain on sale of an equity investment held at crisil of $16 million.
2   in 2014, selling and general expenses include $9 million of restructuring charges. in 2013, selling and general expenses include restructuring charges of $9 million and a loss related to the sale of financial communications of $3 million.
3   in 2014, selling and general expenses include the impact of professional fees largely related to corporate development activities of $4 million.
4   in 2014, selling and general expenses include restructuring charges of $16 million. in 2013, selling and general expenses include a pre-tax gain on the sale of aviation week of $11 million and restructuring charges of $9 million.
5   intersegment eliminations relates to a royalty charged to s&amp;p capital iq and snl for the rights to use and distribute content and data developed by s&amp;p ratings.
6   in 2014, selling and general expenses include restructuring charges of $16 million. in 2013, selling and general expenses primarily include $64 million necessary to enable the separation of mhe and reduce our cost structure, restructuring charges and charges related to our reduction in our real estate portfolio.
operating-related expenses operating-related expenses increased $64 million or 4% as compared to 2013, primarily driven by increased costs at s&p ratings, c&c and s&p capital iq and snl. these increases were primarily attributable to an increase in compensation costs and higher technology costs.
selling and general expenses selling and general expenses increased 94%. excluding the unfavorable impact of legal settlement charges of 94 percentage points and higher costs recorded in 2014 related to identified operating efficiencies primarily related to restructuring of 3 percentage points, partially offset by the favorable impact of costs necessary to enable the separation of mhe and reduce our cost structure recorded in 2013 of 4 percentage points, selling and general expenses increased 1%. the increase was primarily driven by increased legal costs at s&p ratings, increased commissions and incentives at s&p capital iq and snl, partially offset by a decrease at s&p dj indices primarily related to a $26 million non-cash impairment charge recorded in 2013 associated with an intangible asset acquired with the formation of the s&p dow jones indices llc joint venture.
other (income) loss during 2015, we completed the sale of our interest in a legacy mcgraw hill construction investment that resulted in a pre-tax gain of $11 million within other (income) loss in the consolidated statement of income.
during 2014, we completed the following transactions that resulted in a pre-tax loss of $9 million within other (income) loss in the consolidated statement of income:
•   on july 31, 2014, we completed the sale of the company's aircraft to harold w. mcgraw iii, then chairman of the company's board of directors and former president and ceo of the company ("mr. mcgraw") for a purchase price of $20 million, which is modestly higher than the independent appraisal obtained. during the second quarter of 2014, we recorded a non-cash impairment charge of $6 million within other (income) loss in our consolidated statement of income as a result of the pending sale. see note 13 - related party transactions to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
•   on june 30, 2014, we completed the sale of our data center to quality technology services, llc ("qts") which owns, operates, and manages data centers. net proceeds from the sale of $58 million were received in july of 2014. the sale includes all of the facilities and equipment on the south campus of our east windsor, new jersey location, inclusive of the rights and obligations associated with an adjoining solar power field. the sale resulted in an expense of $3 million recorded within other (income) loss in our consolidated statement of income, which is in addition to the non-cash impairment charge we recorded in the fourth quarter of 2013.
during 2013, we recorded a net pre-tax loss of $12 million within other (income) loss in the consolidated statement of income:
•   during the fourth quarter of 2013, we recognized a non-cash impairment charge of $36 million related to the pending sale of our data center.
•   on september 30, 2013, we completed the sale of financial communications, which was part of our s&amp;p capital iq and snl segment.
•   on august 27, 2013, crisil sold its 49% equity interest in india index services &amp; products ltd. this investment was held within our s&amp;p ratings segment.
•   on august 1, 2013, we completed the sale of aviation week within our c&amp;c segment to penton, a privately held business information company.
operating profit we consider operating profit to be an important measure for evaluating our operating performance and we evaluate operating profit for each of the reportable business segments in which we operate.
we internally manage our operations by reference to "segment operating profit" with economic resources allocated primarily based on segment operating profit. segment operating profit is defined as operating profit before unallocated expense. segment operating profit is one of the key metrics we use to evaluate operating performance. segment operating profit is not, however, a measure of financial performance under u.s. gaap, and may not be defined and calculated by other companies in the same manner.
the table below reconciles segment operating profit to total operating profit:
(in millions)                                                         years ended december 31,   % change
s&amp;p ratings 1                   $1,078               $(583    )             $882             n/m                      n/m s&amp;p capital iq and snl 2           228                 228                   189             -%                       21%
total segment operating profit       2,055                 282                 1,617             n/m                    (83)%
total operating profit              $1,917                $113                $1,358             n/m                    (92)%
1   2015 includes legal settlements, partially offset by a benefit related to insurance recoveries of $54 million, and restructuring charges of $13 million. 2014 includes legal and regulatory settlements of $1.6 billion and restructuring charges of $45 million. 2013 includes legal settlements of $77 million, restructuring charges of $10 million, and the gain on sale of an equity investment held at crisil of $16 million.
2   2015 includes acquisition-related costs related to the acquisition of snl of $37 million and costs identified operating efficiencies primarily related to restructuring of $32 million. 2014 includes $9 million of restructuring charges. 2013 includes restructuring charges of $9 million and a loss related to the sale of financial communications of $3 million.
3   2014 includes the impact of professional fees largely related to corporate development activities of $4 million.
4   2015 and 2014 include restructuring charges of $1 million and $16 million, respectively. 2013 includes a pre-tax gain on the sale of aviation week of $11 million and restructuring charges of $9 million.
5   2015 and 2014 include costs related to identified operating efficiencies primarily related to restructuring of $10 million and $16 million, respectively. 2013 includes depreciation expense and costs necessary to enable the separation of mhe and reduce our cost structure, including restructuring costs and other related non-recurring costs. 2013 also includes a non-cash impairment charge related to the pending sale of our data center and charges related to a reduction in our real estate portfolio.
segment operating profit - increased $1.8 billion, or 629% as compared to 2014. 2015 includes legal settlement charges partially offset by a benefit related to insurance recoveries of $54 million compared to legal and regulatory settlement charges of $1.6 billion in 2014. excluding the favorable net impact of lower legal and regulatory settlement charges and insurance recoveries of 621 percentage points, higher costs recorded in 2014 related to identified operating efficiencies primarily related to restructuring of 9 percentage points and the impact of professional fees largely related to corporate development activities recorded in 2014 of 2 percentage points, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of acquisition-related costs related to the acquisition of snl of 15 percentage points, segment operating profit increased 11%. revenue growth at s&p capital iq and snl, c&c and s&p dj indices, and cost containment efforts at s&p ratings during 2015 were the primary drivers for the increase. see " - segment review" below for further information.
unallocated expense - decreased by $31 million or 18% as compared to 2014. these expenses, included in selling and general expenses, mainly include costs for corporate center functions, select initiatives, unoccupied office space and corporate overhead costs allocable to discontinued operations. excluding the favorable impact of the sale of our interest in a legacy mcgraw hill construction investment of 6 percentage points and higher costs recorded in 2014 related to identified operating efficiencies primarily related to restructuring of 4 percentage points, unallocated expense decreased by 9 percentage points as compared to 2014. this decrease was primarily driven by the impact of a $9 million loss recorded in the second quarter of 2014 related to the sale of the company's aircraft and the sale of our data center.
foreign currency exchange rates had a negligible impact on operating profit. the foreign exchange rate impact refers to constant currency comparisons and the remeasurement of monetary assets and liabilities. constant currency impacts are estimated by recalculating current year results of foreign operations using the average exchange rate from the prior year. remeasurement impacts are based on the variance between current-year and prior-year foreign exchange rate fluctuations on monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the individual business' functional currency.
segment operating profit - decreased $1.3 billion, or 83% as compared to 2013. excluding the unfavorable impact of legal and regulatory settlement charges of 94 percentage points, higher restructuring charges recorded in 2014 of 3 percentage points, and a net gain related to the sale of an equity investment at crisil, aviation week and financial communications in 2013 of 2 percentage points, operating profit increased 16%. this increase was primarily due to strong revenue growth at s&p ratings, s&p capital iq and snl, s&p dj indices and c&c. see " - segment review" below for further information.
unallocated expense - decreased by $90 million or 35% as compared to 2013. excluding the favorable impact of costs necessary to enable the separation of mhe and reduce our cost structure recorded in 2013 of 27 percentage points, a loss related to the sale of a data center in 2013 of 15 percentage points, and charges related to a reduction in our real estate portfolio in 2013 of 5 percentage points, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of higher restructuring charges recorded in 2014 of 5 percentage points, unallocated expense increased 7%. this increase was primarily driven by the impact of a $9 million loss recorded in the second quarter of 2014 related to the sale of the company's aircraft and the sale of our data center, and an increase in unoccupied office space.
foreign exchange rates had a favorable impact on operating profit of 2 percentage points. the favorable impact on 2014 was driven by the devaluation of the argentinian peso as well as early strength of the british pound.
interest expense, net net interest expense for 2015 increased 73% as compared to 2014, primarily as a result of higher interest expense related to the $700 million of senior notes issued in the second quarter of 2015 and the $2.0 billion of senior notes issued in the third quarter of 2015. net interest expense for 2014 remained relatively flat as compared to 2013, decreasing 1%.
provision for income taxes our effective tax rate from continuing operations was 30.1%, 453.7% and 32.7% for 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the decrease in the 2015 effective tax rate was primarily due to the reduction in charges for legal settlements, improved profitability in several lower tax jurisdictions outside of the united states, and continuing resolution of prior year tax audits. the increase in the 2014 effective tax rate from the prior year period was primarily due to the expected tax treatment of charges for legal settlements in 2014.
discontinued operations, net income from discontinued operations was $178 million in 2014 as compared to $592 million in 2013, primarily as a result of the after-tax gains of $160 million and $589 million recorded on the sale of mcgraw hill construction in 2014 and the sale of mhe in 2013, respectively.
segment review standard & poor's ratings services credit ratings are one of several tools that investors can use when making decisions about purchasing bonds and other fixed income investments. they are opinions about credit risk and our ratings express our opinion about the ability and willingness of an issuer, such as a corporation or state or city government, to meet its financial obligations in full and on time. our credit ratings can also relate to the credit quality of an individual debt issue, such as a corporate or municipal bond, and the relative likelihood that the issuer may default.
•   ratings related to new issuance of corporate and government debt instruments, and structured finance debt instruments;
•   corporate credit estimates, which are intended, based on an abbreviated analysis, to provide an indication of our opinion regarding creditworthiness of a company which does not currently have an s&amp;p ratings credit rating.
non-transaction revenue primarily includes fees for surveillance of a credit rating, annual fees for customer relationship-based pricing programs, fees for entity credit ratings and global research and analytics. non-transaction revenue also includes an intersegment royalty charged to s&p capital iq and snl for the rights to use and distribute content and data developed by s&p ratings. royalty revenue for 2015, 2014 and 2013 was $83 million, $77 million and $72 million, respectively.
(in millions)                                                     years ended december 31,      % change
% of total revenue:
% of total revenue:
operating profit (loss) 1          $1,078                 $(583    )             $882           n/m                   n/m
% operating margin                     44    %              (24   )%               39    %
1   2015 includes legal settlements, partially offset by a benefit related to insurance recoveries of $54 million and restructuring charges of approximately $13 million. 2014 includes $1.6 billion of legal and regulatory settlements and restructuring charges of approximately $45 million. 2013 includes $77 million of legal settlements, restructuring charges of approximately $10 million, and a $16 million gain on the sale of an equity investment held by crisil.
revenue decreased 1%, which includes the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates that reduced revenue by 4 percentage points. excluding the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates, transaction revenue increased primarily due to an increase in u.s. public finance issuance, partially offset by a decline in structured finance revenue driven by reduced global market issuance. excluding the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates, non-transaction revenue also increased due to growth in surveillance revenues and additional ratings evaluation service activity, partially offset by lower revenue associated with new client relationships.
operating profit increased 285%. excluding the favorable net impact of legal and regulatory settlement charges and insurance recoveries of 273 percentage points and net higher restructuring costs recorded in 2014 of 6 percentage points, operating profit increased 7%. foreign currency exchange rates had an unfavorable impact of 1 percentage point on the operating profit growth of 7%. this increase was driven by decreased compensation costs primarily driven by lower incentive costs and cost containment resulting from 2014 restructuring actions and reduced legal fees following the resolution of a number of significant legal matters, partially offset by increased costs related to the implementation of the dodd-frank wall street reform of the consumer protection act and the decrease in revenue discussed above.
revenue increased 8% driven by growth in both transaction and non-transaction revenue. transaction revenue increased in 2014 primarily driven by growth in both corporate and financial services bond ratings revenue with strong growth in all regions and an increase in bank loan ratings revenue, partially offset by a decline in structured finance revenues. non-transaction revenue increased primarily due to an increase in annual fees, increases in global research and analytics services and increased res activity.
operating profit decreased 166%. excluding the unfavorable impact of legal and regulatory settlements of 173 percentage points, the unfavorable impact of higher restructuring charges recorded in 2014 of 4 percentage points, and the unfavorable impact of the gain on sale of an equity investment held at crisil in 2013 of 2 percentage points, operating profit increased 13%. this increase was driven by the increase in revenue and the favorable impact of foreign exchange rates of 2 percentage points, partially offset by higher legal defense costs primarily driven by increased litigation activity including the department of justice case.
issuance volumes we monitor issuance volumes as an indicator of trends in transaction revenue streams within s&p ratings. issuance volumes noted within the discussion that follows are based on the domicile of the issuer. issuance volumes can be reported in two ways: by "domicile", which is based on where an issuer is located or where the assets associated with an issue are located, or based on "marketplace", which is where the bonds are sold. the following tables depict changes in issuance levels as compared to the prior year, based on thomson financial, harrison scott publications, dealogic and s&p rating's internal estimates.
•   although the number of issuances were down, par value of corporate issuance in the u.s. was up in 2015 driven by an increase in investment-grade debt issuance reflecting high par value deals, as the number of deals was lower in the first nine months of the year. strong m&amp;a activity was a major driver of large financing transactions that resulted in increased issuance in the first nine months of the year. investment-grade debt issuance was negatively impacted in the fourth quarter of 2015 as market volatility increased. the increase in u.s. investment-grade debt issuance was partially offset by weakness in u.s. high-yield debt issuance.
•   corporate issuance in europe for both investment-grade and high-yield decreased in 2015 as a result of economic and political uncertainty in the european markets.
collateralized debt obligations ("cdo")                (22   )%             (15     )%
•   issuance was down in the u.s. and european structured credit markets driven by lower availability of leveraged loans and overall market volatility.
•   cmbs issuance in the u.s. was up reflecting favorable market conditions and investor demand during the first half of the year, partially offset by a decline in the second half of the year with the mix reflecting a lower proportion of single borrower transactions. european cmbs issuance was also up, although from a low 2014 base.
•   rmbs volume in the u.s. was up driven by a mix of deal types, including servicing advance transactions. the increase in european rmbs volume was predominantly driven by an increase in the average issuance size.
•   covered bond issuance (which are debt securities backed by mortgages or other high-quality assets that remain on the issuer's balance sheet) in europe was up due to historically low yields. the european central bank's purchase program is also adding to the demand side, with banks and financial institutions taking advantage of attractive lower rates.
industry highlights and outlook revenue declined in 2015 primarily due to the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates of 4 percentage points and reduced market issuance internationally primarily impacting corporate bond ratings revenue and structured finance revenues. these decreases were partially offset by an increase in u.s. public finance issuance in the first nine months of the year as issuers took advantage of the low interest rate environment. however, issuance slowed in the fourth quarter of 2015 due to market volatility. corporate bond ratings revenue in the u.s. was favorably impacted by the low interest rate environment and m&a activity throughout the first nine months of the year. however, issuance declined in the fourth quarter of 2015 as market volatility increased and m&a activity slowed. debt issuance is expected to continue to be volatile in 2016. m&a activity is expected to continue across the ratings spectrum. international economic and political uncertainties are likely to continue to cause market volatility in 2016.
legal and regulatory environment legal and regulatory environment general s&p ratings and many of the securities that it rates are subject to extensive regulation in both the u.s. and in other countries, and therefore existing and proposed laws and regulations can impact the company's operations and the markets in which it operates. additional laws and regulations have been adopted but not yet implemented or have been proposed or are being considered. in addition, in certain countries, governments may provide financial or other support to locally-based rating agencies. for example, governments may from time to time establish official rating agencies or credit ratings criteria or procedures for evaluating local issuers. we have reviewed the new laws, regulations and rules which have been adopted and we have implemented, or are planning to implement, changes as required. we do not believe that such new laws, regulations or rules will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. other laws, regulations and rules relating to credit rating agencies are being considered by local, national, foreign and multinational bodies and are likely to continue to be considered in the future, including provisions seeking to reduce regulatory and investor reliance on credit ratings, rotation of credit rating agencies and liability standards applicable to credit rating agencies. the impact on us of the adoption of any such laws, regulations or rules remains uncertain, but could increase the costs and legal risks relating to s&p ratings' rating activities, or adversely affect our ability to compete, or result in changes in the demand for credit ratings.
in the normal course of business both in the u.s. and abroad, s&p ratings (or the legal entities comprising s&p ratings) are defendants in numerous legal proceedings and are often the subject of government and regulatory proceedings, investigations and inquiries. many of these proceedings, investigations and inquiries relate to the ratings activity of s&p ratings brought by purchasers of rated securities. in addition, various government and self-regulatory agencies frequently make inquiries and conduct investigations into s&p ratings' compliance with applicable laws and regulations. any of these proceedings, investigations or inquiries could ultimately result in adverse judgments, damages, fines, penalties or activity restrictions, which could adversely impact our consolidated financial condition, cash flows, business or competitive position.
the businesses conducted by our s&p ratings segment are, in certain cases, regulated under the credit rating agency reform act of 2006 (the "reform act"), the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act (the "dodd frank act"), the securities exchange act of 1934 (the "exchange act") and/or the laws of the states or other jurisdictions in which they conduct business. the financial services industry is subject to the potential for increased regulation in the u.s.
s&p ratings is a credit rating agency that is registered with the sec as a nationally recognized statistical rating organization ("nrsro"). the sec first began informally designating nrsros in 1975 for use of their credit ratings in the determination of capital charges for registered brokers and dealers under the sec's net capital rule. the reform act created a new sec registration system for rating agencies that choose to register as nrsros. under the reform act, the sec is given authority and oversight of nrsros and can censure nrsros, revoke their registration or limit or suspend their registration in certain cases. the rules implemented by the sec pursuant to the reform act, the dodd frank act and the exchange act address, among other things, prevention or misuse of material non-public information, conflicts of interest, documentation and assessment of internal controls, and improving transparency of ratings performance and methodologies. the public portions of the current version of s&p ratings' form nrsro are available on s&p ratings' web site.
european union in the european union, the credit rating industry is registered and supervised through a pan-european regulatory framework which is a compilation of three sets of legislative actions. in 2009, the european parliament passed a regulation ("cra1") that established an oversight regime for the credit rating industry in the european union, which became effective in 2010. cra1 requires the registration, formal regulation and periodic inspection of credit rating agencies operating in the european union. s&p ratings was granted registration in october of 2011. in january of 2011, the european union established the european securities and markets authority ("esma"), which, among other things, has direct supervisory responsibility for the registered credit rating industry throughout the european union.
•   impose various additional procedural requirements with respect to ratings of sovereign issuers;
•   impose mandatory rotation requirements on credit rating agencies hired by issuers of securities for ratings of resecuritizations, which may limit the number of years a credit rating agency can issue ratings for such securities of a particular issuer;
•   impose additional procedural and substantive requirements on the pricing of services.
the financial services industry is subject to the potential for increased regulation in the european union.
other jurisdictions outside of the u.s. and the european union, regulators and government officials have also been implementing formal oversight of credit rating agencies. s&p ratings is subject to regulations in several foreign jurisdictions in which it operates and continues to work closely with regulators globally to promote the global consistency of regulatory requirements. s&p ratings expects regulators in additional countries to introduce new regulations in the future.
for a further discussion of competitive and other risks inherent in our s&p ratings business, see item 1a, risk factors, in this annual report on form 10-k. for a further discussion of the legal and regulatory environment in our s&p ratings business, see note 12 - commitments and contingencies to the consolidated financial statements under item 8, consolidated financial statements and supplementary data, in this annual report on form 10-k.
s&p capital iq and snl s&p capital iq and snl's portfolio of capabilities are designed to help the financial community track performance, generate better investment returns (alpha), identify new trading and investment ideas, perform risk analysis, and develop mitigation strategies.
s&p capital iq and snl includes the following business lines:
•   s&amp;p capital iq desktop &amp; enterprise solutions - a product suite that provides data, analytics and third-party research for global finance professionals, which includes the s&amp;p capital iq desktop and integrated bulk data feeds that can be customized, which include quanthouse, s&amp;p securities evaluations, cusip and compustat;
•   global risk services - commercial arm that sells standard &amp; poor's ratings services' credit ratings and related data, analytics and research, which includes subscription-based offerings, ratingsdirect® and ratingsxpress®;
•   s&amp;p capital iq markets intelligence - a comprehensive source of market research for financial professionals, which includes global markets intelligence, leveraged commentary &amp; data and equity research services; and
•   snl - a product suite that includes standardized and as-reported financials, sector-specific templates, asset-level data, mapping and regulatory data accessible through snl unlimited that provides in-depth coverage of industry-specific financial market data from over 6,500 public companies and over 50,000 private companies across the globe, comprehensive market data on a variety of assets, and m&amp;a and capital market activities.
(in millions)                                                    years ended december 31,                                % change
% of total revenue:
% of total revenue:
operating profit 1                  $228                  $228                  $189                -       %          21       %
% operating margin                    16    %               18    %               16    %
1   2015 includes acquisition costs of $37 million related to the acquisition of snl and costs of $32 million related to identified operating efficiencies primarily related to restructuring. 2014 includes restructuring charges of $9 million. 2013 includes restructuring charges of approximately $9 million and a loss related to the sale of financial communications of $3 million.
revenue increased 14% primarily due to 7 percentage points of growth in the s&p capital iq desktop, ratingsxpress® and ratingsdirect® and 7 percentage points from the acquisition of snl. revenue growth of the legacy s&p capital iq products was primarily driven by increases in average contract values for each product from new customer relationships and increases from existing accounts. these increases were partially offset by declines in the equity research business, the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates which reduced revenue by 1 percentage point and the unfavorable impact related to the closure of a non-core business. the number of users on the s&p capital iq desktop and the number of customers at ratingsxpress® continued to grow in 2015. ratingsxpress® continued to benefit from increased compliance requirements which have created a greater need for alternative risk tools. international revenue grew 10% over 2014, primarily driven by sales growth of the s&p capital iq desktop and ratingsxpress® in europe and asia.
operating profit remained flat. excluding the unfavorable impact of acquisition-related costs related to the acquisition of snl of 16 percentage points and higher costs recorded in 2015 related to identified operating efficiencies primarily related to restructuring of 10 percentage points, operating profit increased 25%. this increase is due to revenue growth and the favorable impact of foreign exchange rates of 7 percentage points, partially offset by higher technology costs, increased compensation costs and higher intangible asset amortization in 2015 related to the acquisition of snl.
revenue increased 6% primarily due to growth from the s&p capital iq desktop, ratingsxpress® and ratingsdirect®, driven by increases in average contract values for each product from new customer relationships and increases from existing accounts. this was partially offset by an unfavorable impact related to the closure of several non-core businesses. the number of users on the s&p capital iq desktop and the number of customers at ratingsxpress® increased in 2014 as compared to 2013. increases for existing accounts were driven by bundled solution offerings integrated within the s&p capital iq desktop, new datasets and expanded coverage of existing datasets combined with improved functionality of the s&p capital iq desktop. ratingsxpress® benefited from improvements made to the speed and timeliness through delivery on the xpressfeed platform. additionally, ratingsxpress® benefited from increased compliance requirements which have created a greater need for alternative risk tools. ratingsdirect® also had revenue growth in 2014 as increased contract values were driven by the sale of bundled packages including the s&p capital iq desktop. additionally, s&p capital iq desktop, ratingsxpress® and ratingsdirect® benefited in 2014 from a higher customer retention rate compared to 2013. international revenue grew 6% over 2013, primarily driven by sales growth of the s&p capital iq desktop in europe, asia and canada.
operating profit increased 21%. excluding the favorable impact of a loss related to the sale of financial communications of 3 percentage points, operating profit increased 18%. this increase is due to revenue growth, expense savings from the closure of several non-core businesses and a favorable impact from foreign exchange rates of 4 percentage points. partially offsetting the increases to operating profit were increased compensation costs, primarily due to improved sales performance and additional headcount in developing regions, and higher technology costs.
industry highlights and outlook in 2015, s&p capital iq and snl added scale to data, technology and commercial capabilities and created synergies with the existing legacy s&p capital iq portfolio through the acquisition of snl.
in 2016, s&p capital iq and snl will continue to focus on meeting or exceeding targeted revenue and costs synergies as a result of the acquisition of snl. the segment will seek to develop new products, further penetrate core customer segments and geographies, as well as enhance core capabilities in data, technology and market approach.
legal and regulatory environment the financial services industry is subject to the potential for increased regulation in the u.s. and abroad. the businesses conducted by s&p capital iq and snl are in certain cases regulated under the u.s. investment advisers act of 1940 (the "investment advisers act") and/or the laws of the states or other jurisdictions in which they conduct business.
certain businesses of s&p capital iq and snl are authorized and regulated in the united kingdom by the financial conduct authority (the "fca"). as such, these businesses are authorized to arrange and advise on investments, and are entitled to exercise a passport right to provide specified cross border services into other european economic area ("eea") states, under and subject to the conditions in the e.u. markets in financial instruments directive ("mifid").
the markets for financial research, investment and advisory services are very competitive. s&p capital iq and snl competes domestically and internationally on the basis of a number of factors, including the quality of its research and advisory services, client service, reputation, price, geographic scope, range of products and services, and technological innovation. for a further discussion of competitive and other risks inherent in our s&p capital iq and snl business, see item 1a, risk factors, in this annual report on form 10-k.
s&p dj indices s&p dj indices is a global index provider that maintains a wide variety of indices to meet an array of investor needs. s&p dj indices' mission is to provide transparent benchmarks to help with decision making, collaborate with the financial community to create innovative products and provide investors with tools to monitor world markets.
•   investment vehicles - such as etfs, which are based on the s&amp;p dow jones indices' benchmarks and generate revenue through fees based on assets and underlying funds;
•   exchange traded derivatives - which generate royalties based on trading volumes of derivatives contracts listed on various exchanges;
•   data and customized index subscription fees - which support index fund management, portfolio analytics and research.
(in millions)                                                                               years ended december 31,                       % change
% of total revenue:
% of total revenue:
operating profit 1                                                 $392                $347                $266               13%               30%
net operating profit                                               $291                $255                $193               14%               32%
% operating margin                                                   66    %             63    %             54    %
% net operating margin                                               49    %             46    %             39    %
1   2014 includes $4 million of professional fees largely related to corporate development activities.
revenue at s&p dj indices increased 8%, primarily driven by higher average levels of assets under management ("aum") for etfs and mutual funds. volumes for exchange-traded derivatives continued to increase for certain products which also contributed to revenue growth. additionally, the year-over-year revenue increase was slightly unfavorably impacted by the refinement of our process for estimating revenue for certain products that favorably impacted 2014 which caused a one-time revenue increase in the prior-year period. ending aum for etfs decreased 2% to $815 billion in 2015 from $832 billion in 2014, primarily due to the flow of investment funds to the developed international equity markets and the impact of lower equity prices. the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates reduced revenue by 1 percentage point.
operating profit grew 13%. excluding the favorable impact of professional fees largely related to corporate development activities recorded in 2014 of 1 percentage point, operating profit increased 12%. this increase was primarily due to revenue growth as expenses remained relatively flat as a result of cost containment measures.
revenue at s&p dj indices increased 12%, primarily driven by higher average levels of aum for etfs and mutual funds. higher volumes for exchange-traded derivatives also contributed to revenue growth. these increases were partially offset by the unfavorable impact of lower over-the-counter derivative trading volumes in 2014 driven by the expiration of a licensing arrangement for commodities indices in june of 2014. aum for etfs rose 25% to $832 billion in 2014 from $668 billion in 2013. the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates reduced revenue by less than 1 percentage point.
operating profit grew 30%. excluding the impact of professional fees largely related to corporate development activities recorded in 2014 of 2 percentage points, operating profit increased 32%. this increase was primarily due revenue growth and the favorable impact of a $26 million non-cash impairment charge recorded in 2013 associated with an intangible asset acquired with the formation of the s&p dow jones indices llc joint venture and a reduction of royalty expenses. the reduction of royalty expenses was the result of purchases of intellectual property rights to certain commodities indices developed by goldman sachs, and broad market indices ("bmi") from citigroup global markets inc. as well as the expiration of a licensing arrangement for commodities indices in june of 2014. these expense reductions were partially offset by an increase in compensation costs related to additional headcount and higher incentive costs. the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates reduced operating profit by 1 percentage point.
industry highlights and outlook s&p dj indices continues to be the leading index provider for the etf market space. in 2015, higher average levels of aum for etfs contributed to revenue growth, however, ending aum for etfs decreased 2% to $815 billion in 2015 from $832 billion in 2014. s&p dj indices will also seek to diversify their portfolio of index offerings through asset class expansion, new geographies, and investment strategies. this group will seek to expand its fixed income offering and grow its local presence in emerging markets.
legal and regulatory environment the financial benchmarks industry is subject to the new pending benchmark regulation in the european union (the "e.u. benchmark regulation") as well as potential increased regulation in other jurisdictions.
the proposed e.u. benchmark regulation has been released for final approval and is expected to be published later this year. the e.u. benchmark regulation will likely require s&p dj indices in due course to obtain registration or authorization in connection with its benchmark activities in europe. this legislation will likely cause additional operating obligations but they are not expected to be material at this time and until the regulation is finalized the exact impact is not certain.
in addition, the european union has recently finalized a package of legislative measures known as mifid ii, which revise and update the existing e.u. markets in financial instruments directive framework. mifid ii will apply in full in all e.u. member states from january 3, 2017. mifid ii includes provisions that, among other things: (i) impose new conditions and requirements on the licensing of benchmarks and provide for non-discriminatory access to exchanges and clearing houses; (ii) modify the categorization and treatment of certain classes of derivatives; (iii) expand the categories of trading venue that are subject to regulation; and (iv) provide for the mandatory trading of certain derivatives on exchanges (complementing the mandatory derivative clearing requirements in the e.u. market infrastructure regulation of 2011). although the mifid ii package is "framework" legislation (meaning that much of the detail of the rules will be set out in subordinate measures to be agreed upon in the period before 2017), it is possible that the introduction of these laws and rules could affect s&p dj indices' ability both to administer and license its indices.
in july of 2013, the international organization of securities commissions ("iosco") issued financial benchmark principles, which are intended to promote the reliability of benchmark determinations, and address governance, benchmark quality and accountability mechanisms, including with regard to the indices published by s&p dj indices. even though the financial benchmark principles are not binding law, s&p dj indices has taken steps to align its governance regime and operations with the financial benchmark principles and engaged an independent auditor to perform a reasonable assurance review of such alignment.
the markets for index providers are very competitive. s&p dj indices competes domestically and internationally on the basis of a number of factors, including the quality of its benchmark indices, client service, reputation, price, range of products and services (including geographic coverage) and technological innovation. for a further discussion of competitive and other risks inherent in our s&p dj indices business, see item 1a, risk factors, in this annual report on form 10-k.
commodities & commercial c&c consists of business-to-business companies specializing in the commodities and commercial markets that deliver their customers access to high-value information, data, analytic services and pricing and quality benchmarks. c&c includes the following brands:
•   platts - provides essential price data, analytics, and industry insight that enable commodities markets to perform with greater transparency and efficiency; and
•   j.d. power - provides essential consumer intelligence to help businesses measure, understand, and improve the key performance metrics that drive growth and profitability.
in the fourth quarter of 2015, we began exploring strategic alternatives for j.d. power, included in our c&c segment. we committed to and initiated an active program to sell j.d. power in its current state that we believe is probable in the next year. as a result, we have classified the assets and liabilities of j.d. power as held for sale in our consolidated balance sheet as of december 31, 2015. the anticipated disposal does not represent a strategic shift that will have a major effect on operations and financial results, therefore, it is not classified as a discontinued operation.
on november 3, 2014, we completed the sale of mcgraw hill construction, which has historically been part of our c&c segment, to symphony technology group for $320 million in cash. accordingly, the results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2014 and all prior periods presented have been reclassified to reflect the business as a discontinued operation. see note 2 - acquisitions and divestitures for further discussion.
the c&c business is driven by the need for high-value information and transparency in a variety of industries. c&c seeks to deliver premier content that is deeply embedded in customer workflows and decision making processes.
•   subscription revenue - subscriptions to our real-time news, market data and price assessments, along with other information products, primarily serving the energy and automotive industry; and
•   non-subscription revenue - primarily from licensing of our proprietary market price data and price assessments to commodity exchanges, syndicated and proprietary research studies, commercial-oriented data and analytics, conference sponsorship, consulting engagements, and events.
as of august 1, 2013, we completed the sale of aviation week and results have been included in c&c's results through that date. see note 2 - acquisitions and divestitures to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
(in millions)                                              years ended december 31,                                % change
% of total revenue:
% of total revenue:
operating profit 1                $357                $290                $280               23       %           3       %
% operating margin                  37    %             32    %             33    %
1   2015 includes $1 million of restructuring charges. 2014 includes $16 million of restructuring charges. 2013 includes $9 million of restructuring charges and a pre-tax gain of $11 million on the sale of aviation week.
revenue grew 9% driven by strength in platts' proprietary content as platts' revenue grew across all regions. this growth was mainly due to continued demand for platts' market data and price assessment products across all commodity sectors, led by petroleum. while petroleum is still the biggest driver, the revenue mix continues to become more diversified as other sectors showed positive annualized contract value growth including natural gas, petrochemicals, metals and agriculture. additionally, growth has been driven by the continued licensing of our proprietary market price data and price assessments to various commodity exchanges. platts' revenue for 2015 was also favorably impacted by the acquisitions of eclipse energy group as and its operating subsidiaries ("eclipse") in july of 2014 and petromedia ltd and its operating subsidiaries ("petromedia") in july of 2015. j.d. power also contributed to the revenue increase driven by an increase in auto consulting engagements in the u.s., growth in the u.s. power information network® ("pin") business and the acquisition of national automobile dealers association's used car guide ("ucg") in july of 2015. the acquisitions of eclipse, petromedia and ucg had a favorable impact on revenue of 3 percentage points. see note 2 - acquisitions and divestitures for further discussion. the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates reduced revenue by 1 percentage point.
operating profit increased 23%. excluding the favorable impact of higher restructuring charges recorded in 2014 of 6 percentage points, operating profit increased 17%. this increase is due to the increase in revenue and the favorable impact of foreign exchange rates of 4 percentage points, partially offset by higher incentive costs and outside consulting fees at platts and higher compensation costs related to additional headcount at j.d. power due to the acquisition of ucg.
revenue increased 6% due to continued demand for platts' proprietary content as platts' revenue grew across all regions. this growth was mainly driven by strength in platts' market data and price assessment products across all commodity sectors, led by petroleum. while petroleum is still the biggest driver, the revenue mix continues to become more diversified as other sectors continued to show positive annualized contract value growth including petrochemicals, natural gas, coal, metals and agriculture. platts' revenue in 2014 was also favorably impacted by the acquisition of eclipse in july of 2014. the acquisition of eclipse had a favorable impact on revenue of less than 1 percentage point. see note 2 - acquisitions and divestitures for further discussion. additionally, growth at j.d. power also contributed to the revenue increase driven by strong demand for auto consulting engagements in the u.s. and singapore and growth in the u.s. pin business. the increases in revenue were partially offset by the unfavorable impact of 3 percentage points related to the sale of aviation week on august 1, 2013 as the results have been included in c&c's results through that date.
operating profit increased 3%. excluding the unfavorable impact of the pre-tax gain on the sale of aviation week recorded in 2013 of 4 percentage points and higher restructuring charges recorded in 2014 as compared to 2013 of 3 percentage points, operating profit increased 10%. this increase is due to the increase in revenue, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates of 1 percentage point, increased costs at platts and j.d. power related to additional headcount, merit increases, and other operating costs to support business growth.
industry highlights and outlook c&c expects to continue to invest in digital capabilities that will enable our brands to become more integrated in our customers' workflows, compete more effectively in the marketplace, and create a foundation for the development of new products and revenue streams. the segment expects to further expand its presence in selected markets and geographies to help drive growth.
high growth in supply and an uncertain pace of demand growth causes volatility in energy prices, which will drive market participant demand for platts' proprietary content, including news, price assessments and analytics. however, if commodity prices remain at levels that are lower than in recent years, this is likely to have an adverse impact on the rate of growth for subscription and conference revenue in some of platts' customer segments. the international energy agency ("iea"), in its first monthly forecast of 2016, predicted that world oil consumption will rise to 95.7 million barrels per day in 2016, a gain of 1.2 million barrels per day compared to 2015. the iea expected non-opec total liquids supply to contract by nearly 600,000 barrels per day in 2016, following growth of 1.4 million barrels per day in 2015. in 2016, platts will continue to invest in technology and customer engagement activities to seek to drive additional revenue growth across all commodity sectors. they will also seek to continue to leverage the capabilities and content from recent acquisitions and expand into adjacent markets. similar to 2015, they expect to continue to introduce a number of new products and price assessments within all commodity sectors. platts completed its first annual assurance review confirming adherence to the iosco principles for oil price reporting agencies (pras) for its oil benchmarks in 2013 and, as of december 2015, had completed its fourth assurance review confirming its alignment with the pra principles for both its oil and non-oil commodity benchmarks. on september 17, 2015, iosco announced that the pras have made the iosco pra principles an "integral part" of their price assessment practices and that iosco saw no need to continue its annual review of the principles' implementation. platts remains committed to ensuring its price assessment processes continue
to fully align with the pra principles across all commodities and will continue to retain an independent accountancy firm to conduct voluntary reasonable assurance reviews of its alignment to the pra principles.
demand for our automotive studies is driven by the performance of the automotive industry. in 2015, global and u.s. light vehicle sales increased approximately 1% and 6%, respectively, compared to 2014, with growth across most primary markets partially offset by decreases from russia, brazil and japan. for 2016, j.d. power projects growth for global and u.s. light vehicles sales of 4% and 2%, respectively. in 2016, j.d. power will strive to grow the core business by strengthening their benchmark studies, leveraging new initiatives to drive operational efficiencies and enhance customer delivery and increasing the distribution of their syndicated studies. international growth will continue to be a key focus in 2016 as they will look to extend product offerings to increase penetration in the asia-pacific region and exploring growth opportunities in target growth markets (china, brazil and mexico).
legal and regulatory environment platts' commodities price assessment and information business is subject to increasing regulatory scrutiny in the u.s. and abroad. as discussed above under the heading "s&p dj indices-legal and regulatory environment", the financial benchmarks industry is subject to the new pending benchmark regulation in the european union (the "e.u. benchmark regulation") as well as potential increased regulation in other jurisdictions. as a result of these measures, as well as measures that could be taken in other jurisdictions outside of europe, platts will likely be required in due course to obtain registration or authorization in connection with its benchmark and price assessment activities in europe and potentially elsewhere.
also as discussed above under the heading "s&p dj indices-legal and regulatory environment", the european union has recently finalized a package of legislative measures known as mifid ii, which may also impact platts' business. although the mifid ii package is "framework" legislation, it is possible that the introduction of these laws and rules could affect platts' ability both to administer and license its price assessments.
in october of 2012, iosco issued its pra principles which set out principles, which are intended to enhance the reliability of oil price assessments referenced in derivative contracts subject to regulation by iosco members. platts has taken steps to align its operations with the pra principles and as recommended by iosco in its final report on the pra principles, has aligned to the pra principles for other commodities for which it publishes benchmarks.
the markets for commodities price assessments and information are very competitive. platts competes domestically and internationally on the basis of a number of factors, including the quality of its assessments and other information it provides to the commodities and related markets, client service, reputation, price, range of products and services (including geographic coverage) and technological innovation. furthermore, sustained downward pressure on oil and other commodities prices and trading activity in those markets could have a material adverse impact on the rate of growth of platts' revenue. for a further discussion of competitive and other risks inherent in our platts business, see item 1a, risk factors, in this annual report on form 10-k.
liquidity and capital resources we continue to maintain a strong financial position. our primary source of funds for operations is cash from our businesses and our core businesses have been strong cash generators. in 2016, cash on hand, cash flows from operations and availability under our existing credit facility are expected to be sufficient to meet any additional operating and recurring cash needs into the foreseeable future. we use our cash for a variety of needs, including among others: ongoing investments in our businesses, strategic acquisitions, share repurchases, dividends, repayment of debt, capital expenditures and investment in our infrastructure.
cash flow overview cash and cash equivalents were $1.5 billion as of december 31, 2015, a decrease of $1.0 billion as compared to december 31, 2014, and consisted of approximately 10% of domestic cash and 90% of cash held abroad. typically, cash held outside the u.s. is anticipated to be utilized to fund international operations or to be reinvested outside of the u.s., as a significant portion of our opportunities for growth in the coming years is expected to be abroad. in the event funds from international operations are needed to fund operations in the u.s., we would be required to accrue for and pay taxes in the u.s. to repatriate these funds.
operating activities from continuing operations            $195                $1,209                  $782
in 2015, free cash flow decreased to $(48.0) million compared to $1.0 billion in 2014. the decrease is primarily due to the decrease in cash provided from operating activities as discussed below. free cash flow is a non-gaap financial measure and reflects our cash flow provided by operating activities less capital expenditures and dividends and other payments paid to noncontrolling interests. capital expenditures include purchases of property and equipment and additions to technology projects. see "mda - reconciliation of non-gaap financial information" below for a reconciliation of cash flow provided by operating activities, the most directly comparable u.s. gaap financial measure, to free cash flow.
operating activities cash provided by operating activities decreased $1.0 billion to $195 million in 2015. the decrease is mainly due to the payment of legal and regulatory settlements in 2015 of $1.6 billion.
cash provided by operating activities increased $427 million to $1.2 billion in 2014. the increase is mainly due to a tax refund received in the first quarter of 2014 related to an overpayment in 2013 and the timing of our estimated tax payment which was made in the first quarter of 2013 as compared to the fourth quarter of 2012. additionally, improved collections in 2014 impacting accounts receivable also contributed to the increase. these increases were partially offset by higher incentive payments in 2014 compared to 2013.
investing activities our cash outflows from investing activities are primarily for acquisitions and capital expenditures, while cash inflows are primarily proceeds from dispositions.
cash used for investing activities increased to $2.5 billion for 2015 from $65 million in 2014, primarily due to the acquisition of snl in september of 2015.
cash used for investing activities decreased to $65 million for 2014 from $130 million in 2013. this was primarily due to higher proceeds from dispositions in 2014 related to the sale of our data center to qts and proceeds from the sale of the company's aircraft. additionally, lower capital expenditures in 2014 compared to 2013 contributed to the decrease. these decreases were partially offset by a higher amount of cash paid for acquisitions in 2014 compared to 2013.
refer to note 2 - acquisitions and divestitures to our consolidated financial statements for further information.
financing activities our cash outflows from financing activities consist primarily of share repurchases, dividends and repayment of debt, while cash inflows are primarily inflows from long-term and short-term debt borrowings and proceeds from the exercise of stock options.
cash provided by financing activities was $1.5 billion in 2015 compared to cash used for financing activities of $462 million in 2014, driven by proceeds from the issuance of senior notes in 2015, partially offset by an increase in cash used for the repurchase of treasury shares.
cash used for financing activities decreased $1.3 billion to $462 million in 2014. this decrease is primarily attributable to a decrease in cash used for share repurchases and the repayment of short-term debt that occurred in the first quarter of 2013.
during 2015, we used cash to repurchase 9.8 million shares for $974 million at an average price paid per share of $98.98, excluding commissions. an additional 0.3 million shares were repurchased in the fourth quarter of 2015 for approximately $26 million, which settled in january of 2016. including these additional shares, we utilized cash to repurchase shares at an average price of $99.00, excluding commissions.
during 2014, we used cash to repurchase 4.6 million shares for $362 million at an average price paid per share of $79.02, excluding commissions. included in the repurchase were 0.5 million shares of the company's common stock from the personal holdings of harold w. mcgraw iii, then chairman of the company's board of directors and former president and ceo of the company ("mr.
mcgraw") the shares were purchased at a discount of 0.35% from the june 24, 2014 new york stock exchange closing price pursuant to a private transaction with mr. mcgraw. we repurchased these shares with cash for $41 million at an average price of $82.66 per share. this transaction was approved by the nominating and corporate governance committee of the company's board of directors after consultation with members of the financial policy committee.
during 2013, we used cash to repurchase 16.8 million shares for $978 million, including commissions. the average price per share, excluding commissions, was $58.36. an additional 0.1 million shares were repurchased in the fourth quarter of 2013 for approximately $10 million, which settled in january of 2014. including these additional shares, we utilized cash to repurchase shares at an average price of $58.52, excluding commissions.
on december 4, 2013, the board of directors approved a new stock repurchase program authorizing the purchase of up to 50 million shares (the "2013 repurchase program"), which was approximately 18% of the total shares of our outstanding common stock at that time. the 2013 repurchase program has no expiration date and purchases under this program may be made from time to time on the open market and in private transactions, depending on market conditions. as of december 31, 2015, 35.5 million shares remained available under the 2013 repurchase program.
discontinued operations cash flows from discontinued operations reflects the classification of mcgraw hill construction and mhe as discontinued operations.
cash used for operating activities from discontinued operations of $129 million in 2015 relates to the tax payment on the gain on sale of mcgraw hill construction. cash provided by operating activities from discontinued operations of $18 million in 2014 relates to mcgraw hill construction and cash used for operating activities of $231 million in 2013 relates both to mhe and mcgraw hill construction.
cash provided by investing activities from discontinued operations decreased to $320 million in 2014 compared to $2.1 billion in 2013 due to lower proceeds received from the sale of mcgraw hill construction compared to the proceeds received from mhe.
cash used for financing activities decreased $25 million in 2014 as there was no impact related to mcgraw hill construction.
additional financing we have the ability to borrow a total of $1.2 billion through our commercial paper program, which is supported by our credit facility described below. commercial paper borrowings outstanding as of december 31, 2015 totaled $143 million with an average interest rate and term of 0.95% and 17 days. as of december 31, 2015, we can borrow approximately $1.1 billion in additional funds through the commercial paper program. there were no commercial paper borrowings outstanding under our credit facility as of december 31, 2014.
on june 30, 2015, we entered into a revolving $1.2 billion five-year credit agreement (our "credit facility") that will terminate on june 30, 2020. this credit facility replaced our $1.0 billion four-year credit facility that was scheduled to terminate on june 19, 2017. the previous credit facility was canceled immediately after the new credit facility became effective. there were no outstanding borrowings under the previous credit facility when it was replaced.
we pay a commitment fee of 10 to 20 basis points for our credit facility, depending on our indebtedness to cash flow ratio, whether or not amounts have been borrowed and currently pay a commitment fee of 15 basis points. the interest rate on borrowings under our credit facility is, at our option, calculated using rates that are primarily based on either the prevailing london inter-bank offered rate, the prime rate determined by the administrative agent or the federal funds rate. for certain borrowings under this credit facility, there is also a spread based on our indebtedness to cash flow ratio added to the applicable rate.
our credit facility contains certain covenants. the only financial covenant requires that our indebtedness to cash flow ratio, as defined in our credit facility, is not greater than 4 to 1, and this covenant level has never been exceeded.
on july 24, 2015, in connection with the acquisition of snl, we entered into a commitment letter. upon receipt of the proceeds from the issuance of $2.0 billion of senior notes on august 18, 2015, we terminated this commitment letter. see note 5 - debt for further information.
on january 22, 2015, fitch ratings revised its ratings outlook from negative to stable and affirmed our bbb+ long-term debt rating and f2 short-term/commercial debt rating. on august 7, 2015, moody's investor service assigned a baa1 long-term debt rating and p-2 commercial paper rating.
dividends on january 27, 2016, the board of directors approved an increase in the quarterly common stock dividend from $0.33 per share to $0.36 per share.
contractual obligations we typically have various contractual obligations, which are recorded as liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets, while other items, such as certain purchase commitments and other executory contracts, are not recognized, but are disclosed herein. for example, we are contractually committed to contracts for information-technology outsourcing, certain enterprise-wide information-technology software licensing and maintenance and make certain minimum lease payments for the use of property under operating lease agreements.
we believe that the amount of cash and cash equivalents on hand, cash flow expected from operations and availability under our credit facility will be adequate for us to execute our business strategy and meet anticipated requirements for lease obligations, capital expenditures, working capital and debt service for 2016.
the following table summarizes our significant contractual obligations and commercial commitments as of december 31, 2015, over the next several years that relate to our continuing operations. additional details regarding these obligations are provided in the notes to our consolidated financial statements, as referenced in the footnotes to the table:
operating leases 2                             136                     229                   150                       162                     677
1   our debt obligations are described in note 5 - debt to our consolidated financial statements.
2   amounts shown include taxes and escalation payments, see note 12 - commitments and contingencies to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion on our operating lease obligations.
3   other consists primarily of commitments for unconditional purchase obligations in contracts for information-technology outsourcing and certain enterprise-wide information-technology software licensing and maintenance.
as of december 31, 2015, we had $120 million of liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits. we have excluded the liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits from our contractual obligations table because reasonable estimates of the timing of cash settlements with the respective taxing authorities are not practicable.
as of december 31, 2015, we have recorded $920 million for our redeemable noncontrolling interest in our s&p dow jones indices llc partnership discussed in note 8 - equity to our consolidated financial statements.  specifically, this amount relates to the put option under the terms of the operating agreement of s&p dow jones indices llc, whereby, after december 31, 2017, cme group and cme group index services llc ("cgis") will have the right at any time to sell, and we are obligated to buy, at least 20% of their share in s&p dow jones indices llc. we have excluded this amount from our contractual obligations table because we are uncertain as to the timing and the ultimate amount of the potential payment we may be required to make.
we make contributions to our pension and postretirement plans in order to satisfy minimum funding requirements as well as additional contributions that we consider appropriate to improve the funded status of our plans. during 2015, we contributed $15 million and $8 million to our domestic and international retirement and postretirement plans, respectively. expected employer contributions in 2016 are $7 million and $9 million for our domestic and international retirement and postretirement plans, respectively. in 2016, we may elect to make additional non-required contributions depending on investment performance and the pension plan status. see note 6 - employee benefits to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
off-balance sheet arrangements as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, we did not have any relationships with unconsolidated entities, such as entities often referred to as specific purpose or variable interest entities where we are the primary beneficiary, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. as such we are not exposed to any financial liquidity, market or credit risk that could arise if we had engaged in such relationships.
reconciliation of non-gaap financial information free cash flow is a non-gaap financial measure and reflects our cash flow provided by operating activities less capital expenditures and dividends and other payments paid to noncontrolling interests. capital expenditures include purchases of property and equipment and additions to technology projects. our cash flow provided by operating activities is the most directly comparable u.s. gaap financial measure to free cash flow. additionally, we have considered certain items in evaluating free cash flow, which are included in the table below.
we believe the presentation of free cash flow and free cash flow excluding certain items allows our investors to evaluate the cash generated from our underlying operations in a manner similar to the method used by management. we use free cash flow to conduct and evaluate our business because we believe it typically presents a more conservative measure of cash flows since capital expenditures and dividends and other payments paid to noncontrolling interests are considered a necessary component of ongoing operations. free cash flow is useful for management and investors because it allows management and investors to evaluate the cash available to us to service debt, make strategic acquisitions and investments, repurchase stock and fund ongoing operation and working capital needs.
the presentation of free cash flow and free cash flow excluding certain items are not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with u.s. gaap. free cash flow, as we calculate it, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures employed by other companies. the following table presents a reconciliation of our cash flow provided by operating activities to free cash flow excluding the impact of the items below:
(in millions)                                                                                       years ended december 31,                % change
cash provided by operating activities                                    $195                $1,209                $782             (84)%        55%
capital expenditures                                                     (139    )              (92    )           (117    )
payment of legal and regulatory settlements                             1,624                    35                   -
tax benefit from legal settlements                                       (250    )                -                   -
critical accounting estimates our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap. the preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. unless otherwise indicated, all discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations relate to our continuing operations.
on an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and assumptions, including those related to revenue recognition, allowance for doubtful accounts, valuation of long-lived assets, goodwill and other intangible assets, pension plans, incentive compensation and stock-based compensation, income taxes, contingencies and redeemable noncontrolling interests. we base our estimates on historical experience, current developments and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under these circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about carrying values of assets and liabilities that cannot readily be determined from other sources. there can be no assurance that actual results will not differ from those estimates.
management considers an accounting estimate to be critical if it required assumptions to be made that were uncertain at the time the estimate was made and changes in the estimate or different estimates could have a material effect on our results of operations.
management has discussed the development and selection of our critical accounting estimates with the audit committee of our board of directors. the audit committee has reviewed our disclosure relating to them in this md&a.
we believe the following critical accounting policies require us to make significant judgments and estimates in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements:
revenue recognition revenue is recognized as it is earned when services are rendered. we consider amounts to be earned once evidence of an arrangement has been obtained, services are performed, fees are fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. revenue relating to products that provide for more than one deliverable is recognized based upon the relative fair value to the customer of each deliverable as each deliverable is provided. revenue relating to agreements that provide for more than one service is recognized based upon the relative fair value to the customer of each service component as each component is earned. if the fair value to the customer for each service is not objectively determinable, we make our best estimate of the services' stand alone selling price and recognize revenue as earned as the services are delivered. the allocation of consideration received from multiple element arrangements that involve initial assignment of ratings and the future surveillance of ratings is determined through an analysis that considers cash consideration that would be received for instances when the service components are sold separately. in such cases, we defer portions of rating fees that we estimate will be attributed to future surveillance and recognize the deferred revenue ratably over the estimated surveillance periods. advertising revenue is recognized when the page is run. subscription income is recognized over the related subscription period.
for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, no significant changes have been made to the underlying assumptions related to estimates of revenue or the methodologies applied. based on our current outlook these assumptions are not expected to significantly change in 2016.
allowance for doubtful accounts the allowance for doubtful accounts reserve methodology is based on historical analysis, a review of outstanding balances and current conditions. in determining these reserves, we consider, amongst other factors, the financial condition and risk profile of our customers, areas of specific or concentrated risk as well as applicable industry trends or market indicators. the impact on operating profit for a one percentage point change in the allowance for doubtful accounts is approximately $10 million.
for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, we made no material changes in our assumptions regarding the determination of the allowance for doubtful accounts. based on our current outlook these assumptions are not expected to significantly change in 2016.
accounting for the impairment of long-lived assets (including other intangible assets)
we evaluate long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. upon such an occurrence, recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by comparing the carrying amount of an asset to current forecasts of undiscounted future net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. if the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized equal to the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. for long-lived assets held for sale, assets are written down to fair value, less cost to sell. fair value is determined based on market evidence, discounted cash flows, appraised values or management's estimates, depending upon the nature of the assets.
on july 31, 2014, we completed the sale of the company's aircraft to harold w. mcgraw iii, then chairman of the company's board of directors and former president and ceo of the company for a purchase price of $20 million. during the second quarter of 2014, we recorded a non-cash impairment charge of $6 million within other (income) loss in our consolidated statement of income as a result of the pending sale. see note 13 - related party transactions to our consolidated financial statements for further information.
on june 30, 2014, we completed the sale of our data center to quality technology services, llc ("qts") which owns, operates, and manages data centers. net proceeds from the sale of $58 million were received in july of 2014. the sale includes all of the facilities and equipment on the south campus of our east windsor, new jersey location, inclusive of the rights and obligations associated with an adjoining solar power field. the sale resulted in an expense of $3 million recorded within other (income) loss in our consolidated statement of income, which is in addition to the non-cash impairment charge of $36 million we recorded in the fourth quarter of 2013 to adjust the value facilities and associated infrastructure classified as held for sale to their fair value.
during the fourth quarter of 2013, we also incurred a $26 million non-cash impairment charge associated with an intangible asset acquired through the formation of our s&p dow jones indices llc joint venture.
goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets goodwill represents the excess of purchase price and related costs over the value assigned to the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets of businesses acquired. as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, the carrying value of goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets was $3.6 billion and $2.1 billion, respectively. the increase was primarily due to the acquisition of snl in september of 2015. see note 2 - acquisitions and divestitures to our consolidated financial statements for further information.
goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite lives are not amortized, but instead are tested for impairment annually during the fourth quarter each year or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired.
goodwill as part of our annual impairment test of our four reporting units, we initially perform a qualitative analysis evaluating whether any events and circumstances occurred that provide evidence that it is more likely than not that the fair value of any of our reporting units is less than its carrying amount. our qualitative assessment included, but was not limited to, consideration of macroeconomic conditions, industry and market conditions, cost factors, cash flows, changes in key company personnel and our share price. if, based on our evaluation of the events and circumstances that occurred during the year we do not believe that it is more likely than not that the fair value of any of our reporting units is less than its carrying amount, no quantitative impairment test is performed. conversely, if the results of our qualitative assessment determine that it is more likely than not that the fair value of any of our reporting units is less than its respective carrying amount we perform a two-step quantitative impairment test. for 2015, based on our qualitative assessments, we determined that it is more likely than not that our reporting units' fair value was greater than their respective carrying amounts.
if the fair value of the reporting unit is less than the carrying value, a second step is performed which compares the implied fair value of the reporting unit's goodwill to the carrying value of the goodwill. the implied fair value of the goodwill is determined based on the difference between the fair value of the reporting unit and the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities of the reporting unit. if the implied fair value of the goodwill is less than the carrying value, the difference is recognized as an impairment charge.
indefinite-lived intangible assets we evaluate the recoverability of indefinite-lived intangible assets by first performing a qualitative analysis evaluating whether any events and circumstances occurred that provide evidence that it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived asset is impaired. if, based on our evaluation of the events and circumstances that occurred during the year we do not believe that it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived asset is impaired, no quantitative impairment test is performed. conversely, if the results of our qualitative assessment determine that it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived asset is impaired a quantitative impairment test is performed. if necessary, the impairment test is performed by comparing the estimated fair value of the intangible asset to its carrying value. if the indefinite-lived intangible asset carrying value exceeds its fair value, an impairment analysis is performed using the income approach. the fair value of loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. significant judgments inherent in these analyses include estimating the amount and timing of future cash flows and the selection of appropriate discount rates, royalty rates and long-term growth rate assumptions. changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value for this indefinite-lived intangible asset and could result in an impairment charge, which could be material to our financial position and results of operations.
we performed our impairment assessment of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets at our s&p ratings, s&p capital iq and snl, s&p dj indices and c&c operating segments and concluded that no impairment existed for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013.
retirement plans and postretirement healthcare and other benefits our employee pension and other postretirement benefit costs and obligations are dependent on assumptions concerning the outcome of future events and circumstances, including compensation increases, long-term return on pension plan assets, healthcare cost trends, discount rates and other factors. in determining such assumptions, we consult with outside actuaries and other advisors where deemed appropriate. in accordance with relevant accounting standards, if actual results differ from our assumptions, such differences are deferred and amortized over the estimated remaining lifetime of the plan participants. while we believe that the assumptions used in these calculations are reasonable, differences in actual experience or changes in assumptions could affect the expense and liabilities related to our pension and other postretirement benefits.
the following is a discussion of some significant assumptions that we make in determining costs and obligations for pension and other postretirement benefits:
•   healthcare cost trend assumptions are based on historical market data, the near-term outlook and an assessment of likely long-term trends.
•   the expected return on assets assumption is calculated based on the plan's asset allocation strategy and projected market returns over the long-term.
our discount rate and return on asset assumptions used to determine the net periodic pension and postretirement benefit cost on our u.s. retirement plans are as follows:
weighted-average healthcare cost rate                                                   7.00    %      7.00    %      7.00    %
1   at the end of 2015, we changed our approach used to measure service and interest costs on all of our retirement plans. for 2015 and prior periods presented, we measured service and interest costs utilizing the single weighted-average discount rate derived from the yield curve used to measure the benefit obligation. for 2016, we elected to measure service and interest costs by applying the specific spot rates along that yield curve to the plans' liability cash flows. we believe this new approach provides a more precise measurement of service and interest costs by aligning the timing of the plans' liability cash flows to the corresponding spot rates on the yield curve. this change does not affect the measurement of our benefit obligation. we have accounted for this change as a change in accounting estimate that is inseparable from a change in accounting principle and, accordingly, have accounted for it on a prospective basis. we expect pension and postretirement medical costs to decrease by approximately $13 million in 2016 as a result of this change.
in addition to the assumptions in the above table, assumed mortality is also a key assumption in determining benefit obligations. effective december 31, 2014, the company updated the assumed mortality rates to reflect life expectancy improvements.
stock-based compensation stock-based compensation expense is measured at the grant date based on the fair value of the award and is recognized over the requisite service period, which typically is the vesting period. stock-based compensation is classified as both operating-related expense and selling and general expense in our consolidated statements of income.
we use a lattice-based option-pricing model to estimate the fair value of options granted. the following assumptions were used in valuing the options granted:
risk-free average interest rate                            0.2 - 1.9%                0.1 - 2.9%                  0.1 - 2.9%
volatility                                                   21 - 39%                  18 - 41%                    29 - 45%
because lattice-based option-pricing models incorporate ranges of assumptions, those ranges are disclosed. these assumptions are based on multiple factors, including historical exercise patterns, post-vesting termination rates, expected future exercise patterns and the expected volatility of our stock price. the risk-free interest rate is the imputed forward rate based on the u.s. treasury yield at the date of grant. we use the historical volatility of our stock price over the expected term of the options to estimate the expected volatility. the expected term of options granted is derived from the output of the lattice model and represents the period of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding.
income taxes deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to be applied to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. we recognize liabilities for uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken in income tax returns. accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits are recognized in interest expense and operating expense, respectively.
judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes, deferred tax assets and liabilities and unrecognized tax benefits. in determining the need for a valuation allowance, the historical and projected financial performance of the operation that is recording a net deferred tax asset is considered along with any other pertinent information.
we file income tax returns in the u.s. federal jurisdiction, various states, and foreign jurisdictions, and we are routinely under audit by many different tax authorities. we believe that our accrual for tax liabilities is adequate for all open audit years based on our assessment of many factors including past experience and interpretations of tax law. this assessment relies on estimates and assumptions and may involve a series of complex judgments about future events. it is possible that examinations will be settled prior to december 31, 2016. if any of these tax audit settlements do occur within that period we would make any necessary adjustments to the accrual for unrecognized tax benefits. until formal resolutions are reached between us and the tax authorities, the determination of a possible audit settlement range with respect to the impact on unrecognized tax benefits is not practicable. on the basis of present information, it is our opinion that any assessments resulting from the current audits will not have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements.
we have determined that the undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries are permanently reinvested within those foreign operations. accordingly, we have not provided deferred income taxes on these indefinitely reinvested earnings. a future distribution by the foreign subsidiaries of these earnings could result in additional tax liability, which may be material to our future reported results, financial position and cash flows.
for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, we made no material changes in our assumptions regarding the determination of the provision for income taxes. however, certain events could occur that would materially affect our estimates and assumptions regarding deferred taxes. changes in current tax laws and applicable enacted tax rates could affect the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, thereby impacting our income tax provision.
contingencies we are subject to a number of lawsuits and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business. we recognize a liability for such contingencies when both (a) information available prior to issuance of the financial statements indicates that it is probable that a liability had been incurred at the date of the financial statements and (b) the amount of loss can reasonably be estimated. we continually assess the likelihood of any adverse judgments or outcomes to our contingencies, as well as potential amounts or ranges of probable losses, and recognize a liability, if any, for these contingencies based on an analysis of each matter with the assistance of outside legal counsel and, if applicable, other experts. because many of these matters are resolved over long periods of time, our estimate of liabilities may change due to new developments, changes in assumptions or changes in our strategy related to the matter. when we accrue for loss contingencies and the reasonable estimate of the loss is within a range, we record its best estimate within the range. we disclose an estimated possible loss or a range of loss when it is at least reasonably possible that a loss may have been incurred.
redeemable noncontrolling interest the fair value component of the redeemable noncontrolling interest in s&p dj indices business is based on a combination of an income and market valuation approach. our income and market valuation approaches may incorporate level 3 measures for instances when observable inputs are not available, including assumptions related to expected future net cash flows, long-term growth rates, the timing and nature of tax attributes, and the redemption features.
recent accounting standards see note 1 - accounting policies, to the consolidated financial statements for a detailed description of recent accounting standards. we do not expect these recent accounting standards to have a material impact on our results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity in future periods.