item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
introduction this md&a, which should be read in conjunction with our financial statements, provides additional information on our businesses, current developments, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. it is organized as follows:
•   overview. this section provides a general description of our business, which we believe is important in understanding the results of our operations, financial condition and potential future trends.
•   strategy. this section provides a description of our strategy on a business segment basis and a discussion of recent developments, expansions and acquisitions.
•   results of operations. this section provides an analysis of our results of operations presented on a business segment basis. in addition, a brief description of transactions and other items that affect the comparability of the results is provided.
•   financial liquidity and capital resources. this section provides an analysis of our cash flows and our outstanding debt and commitments. included in the analysis of outstanding debt is a discussion of the amount of financial capacity available to fund our ongoing operations and future commitments, as well as a discussion of other financing arrangements.
•   critical accounting estimates. this section identifies those accounting policies that are considered important to our results of operations and financial condition, require significant judgment and involve significant management estimates. our significant accounting policies, including those considered to be critical accounting policies, are summarized in note 1 of the notes to the financial statements.
overview we are a leading international beverage alcohol company with a broad portfolio of consumer-preferred high-end imported and craft beer brands, premium wine and spirits brands and other select beverage alcohol products. we are the third-largest producer and marketer of beer for the u.s. market and the world's leading premium wine company. we are the largest multi-category supplier of beverage alcohol in the u.s., the leading producer and marketer of wine in canada, and a leading supplier of wine from new zealand and italy to our core north american markets.
our internal management financial reporting consists of two business divisions:  (i)  beer and (ii)  wine and spirits, and we report our operating results in three segments:  (i)  beer, (ii)  wine and spirits, and (iii)  corporate operations and other. in the beer segment, our portfolio consists of high-end imported and craft beer brands. we have an exclusive perpetual brand license to import, market and sell in the u.s. our mexican beer portfolio. in the
wine and spirits segment, we sell a large number of wine brands across all categories - table wine, sparkling wine and dessert wine - and across all price points - popular, premium and luxury categories, primarily within the $5 to $25 price range at u.s. retail - complemented by certain premium spirits brands. amounts included in the corporate operations and other segment consist of costs of executive management, corporate development, corporate finance, human resources, internal audit, investor relations, legal, public relations and information technology. the amounts included in the corporate operations and other segment are general costs that are applicable to the consolidated group and are therefore not allocated to the other reportable segments. all costs reported within the corporate operations and other segment are not included in our chief operating decision maker's evaluation of the operating income performance of the other reportable segments. the business segments reflect how our operations are managed, how resources are allocated, how operating performance is evaluated by senior management and the structure of our internal financial reporting.
strategy our business strategy in the beer segment focuses on strengthening our position in the high-end of the u.s. beer market, and includes the following:
•   continued focus on growing our mexican beer portfolio in the u.s. through expanding distribution for key brands, as well as new product development and innovation within the existing portfolio of brands;
•   completion of the required expansion of our nava brewery from 10 million hectoliters production capacity to 20 million hectoliters production capacity by december 31, 2016, with a goal to complete the expansion in june 2016;
•   completion of an additional 7.5 million hectoliters production capacity expansion of the nava brewery, from 20 million to 25 million by summer of calendar 2017 and from 25 million to 27.5 million by early calendar 2018;
•   construction of the new, state-of-the-art mexicali brewery; and
see "expansions and acquisitions" below for additional discussion regarding certain of these activities.
our business strategy in the wine and spirits segment is centered on continued focus on consumer-preferred premium wine brands, complemented by premium spirits. in this segment, we continue to focus on the premiumization of our branded wine and spirits portfolio. in markets where it is feasible, we have a consolidated u.s. distribution network in order to obtain dedicated distributor selling resources which focus on our u.s. wine and spirits portfolio to drive organic growth. this consolidated u.s. distribution network currently represents about 70% of our branded wine and spirits volume in the u.s. throughout the terms of these contracts, we generally expect shipments on an annual basis to these distributors to essentially equal the distributors' shipments to retailers. in addition, we dedicate a large share of our sales and marketing resources to our u.s. focus brands as they represent a majority of our u.s. wine and spirits revenue and profitability, and generally have strong positions in their respective price categories.
marketing, sales and distribution of our products are managed on a geographic basis in order to fully leverage leading market positions. in addition, market dynamics and consumer trends vary across each of our markets. within our primary market in the u.s., we offer a range of beverage alcohol products across the imported beer, craft beer, branded wine and spirits categories, with separate distribution networks utilized for our imported and craft beer portfolio and our wine and spirits portfolio. within our next largest market, canada, we offer a range of beverage alcohol products primarily across the branded wine category. the environment for our products is competitive in each of our markets.
we remain committed to our long-term financial model of growing sales, expanding margins and increasing cash flow in order to achieve earnings per share growth, reduce borrowings and pay quarterly cash dividends.
recent developments potential canadian wine business initial public offering in april 2016, we announced our plan to evaluate the merits of executing an initial public offering for a portion of our canadian wine business in order to create better visibility to this business and additional capital to develop higher growth, higher margin opportunities across our businesses. a decision regarding whether to pursue a potential initial public offering is expected to be made during calendar 2016.
prisoner acquisition in april 2016, we signed a definitive agreement to acquire prisoner for approximately $285 million, subject to customary closing conditions and adjustments. this acquisition, which includes a portfolio of five fast-growing, higher-margin, super-luxury wine brands, aligns with our portfolio premiumization strategy and strengthens our position in the super-luxury wine category. the results of operations of prisoner will be reported in the wine and spirits segment and will be included in our consolidated results of operations from the date of acquisition.
expansions and acquisitions beer segment construction of mexicali brewery in january 2016, we announced details related to the construction of the mexicali brewery. initially, the mexicali brewery will be built to provide 10 million hectoliters production capacity with the ability to scale to 20 million hectoliters in the future. we expect to complete construction of the 10 million hectoliters production capacity by calendar year-end 2020, with the first 5 million hectoliters production capacity expected to be completed by calendar year-end 2019.
ballast point acquisition in december 2015, we acquired ballast point for $998.5 million, net of cash acquired. the transaction primarily included the acquisition of goodwill, trademarks and property, plant and equipment. this acquisition provides us with a high-growth premium platform that will enable us to compete in the fast-growing craft beer category, further strengthening our position in the high-end u.s. beer market. the results of operations of ballast point are reported in the beer segment and have been included in our consolidated results of operations from the date of acquisition.
glass production plant acquisition in december 2014, we completed the formation of an equally-owned joint venture with owens-illinois, the world's largest glass container manufacturer, and the acquisition of a state-of-the-art glass production plant that is located adjacent to our nava brewery in mexico. the joint venture owns and operates the glass production plant which provides bottles exclusively for our nava brewery. the glass production plant currently has one operational glass furnace and plans are in place to expand it to four furnaces by early calendar 2018. when fully operational with four furnaces, this facility is expected to supply approximately 50% of our glass requirements for the nava brewery. we have determined that we are the primary beneficiary of this vie and accordingly, the results of operations of the joint venture are reported in the beer segment and have been included in our consolidated results of operations from the date of acquisition. in addition, we also purchased a high-density warehouse, land and rail infrastructure at the same site.
beer business acquisition in june 2013, we completed the beer business acquisition for an aggregate purchase price of $5,226.4 million. the beer business acquisition resulted in the acquisition of:
•   all of the equity interests of a company which owns and operates the nava brewery and of a company which provides personnel and services for the operation and maintenance of the nava brewery; and
•   an irrevocable, fully-paid license to produce in mexico (or worldwide under certain circumstances) and exclusively import, market and sell modelo's mexican beer portfolio sold in the u.s. and guam as of the date of the acquisition, and certain extensions.
the beer business acquisition positioned us as the third-largest producer and marketer of beer for the u.s. market and the largest multi-category supplier of beverage alcohol in the u.s.
in connection with the beer business acquisition, we are required to build out and expand the nava brewery from 10 million hectoliters to a nominal capacity of at least 20 million hectoliters of packaged beer annually by december 31, 2016. in addition, an interim supply agreement and a transition services agreement were entered into in association with the beer business acquisition. the interim supply agreement obligates the supplier to provide us with a supply of product not produced by the nava brewery and the transition services agreement provided for certain specified services and production materials, both for a specified period of time. the associated agreements provide, among other things, that the united states will have approval rights, in its sole discretion, for amendments or modifications to the associated agreements as well as a right of approval, in its sole discretion, of any extension of the term of the interim supply agreement beyond three years. while we remain on track with all nava brewery expansion activity, we have extended the interim supply agreement in order to support the robust growth levels of our mexican beer portfolio and continue a smooth transition as we ramp up incremental capacity. this agreement is expected to continue through june 2017.
the results of operations of the beer business acquisition are reported in the beer segment and are included in our consolidated results of operations from the date of acquisition. it is a significant acquisition that has had and will continue to have a material impact on our future results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
in october 2014, we announced an incremental 5 million hectoliter expansion of our nava brewery that will increase production capacity from 20 million hectoliters to 25 million hectoliters when completed. we currently expect this incremental expansion to be completed by the summer of calendar 2017.
in january 2016, we announced an additional incremental 2.5 million hectoliter expansion of our nava brewery that will increase production capacity to 27.5 million hectoliters when completed. we currently expect this incremental expansion to be completed by early calendar 2018.
wine and spirits segment meiomi acquisition in august 2015, we acquired meiomi, which primarily included the acquisition of the meiomi trademark, related inventories and certain grape supply contracts. the acquisition of this higher-margin, luxury growth brand has complemented our existing portfolio and further strengthened our position in the u.s. pinot noir category. the results of operations of meiomi are reported in the wine and spirits segment and are included in our consolidated results of operations from the date of acquisition.
for additional information on these acquisitions, refer to note 2 of the notes to the financial statements.
results of operations references to organic throughout the following discussion exclude the impact of (i)  beer acquired in the acquisition of ballast point (on a consolidated and segment basis), (ii)  branded wine acquired in the acquisition of meiomi (on a consolidated and segment basis) and (iii)  beer acquired in the beer business acquisition on a consolidated basis, as appropriate. prior to the beer business acquisition, the results of operations of the beer segment were eliminated in consolidation as our preexisting 50% equity interest in crown imports was accounted for under the equity method of accounting.
financial highlights financial highlights for fiscal 2016:
•   our beer segment continued to drive improvement within our results of operations, combined with improvement in the wine and spirits segment.
•   our net sales increased 9% primarily due to strong consumer demand within the mexican beer portfolio and net sales of branded wine acquired in the acquisition of meiomi.
•   operating income increased 18% primarily due to strong consumer demand within the mexican beer portfolio, lower cost of product sold across all segments and benefits from the acquisition of meiomi, partially offset by increased marketing spend.
comparable adjustments management excludes items that affect comparability from its evaluation of the results of each operating segment as these comparable adjustments are not reflective of core operations of the segments. segment operating performance and segment management compensation are evaluated based on core segment operating income (loss). as such, the performance measures for incentive compensation purposes for segment management do not include the impact of these items.
as more fully described herein and in the related notes to the financial statements, the comparable adjustments that impacted comparability in our results for each period are as follows:
cost of product sold net gain (loss) on undesignated commodity derivative contracts      $(48.1     )          $(32.7     )        $1.5
amortization of favorable interim supply agreement                   (31.7     )           (28.4     )        (6.0     )
flow through of inventory step-up                                    (18.4     )               -             (11.0     )
settlements of undesignated commodity derivative contracts            29.5                   4.4              (0.5     )
total cost of product sold                                           (68.7     )           (59.5     )       (16.0     )
impairment of goodwill and intangible assets                      -                     -                          (300.9     )
gain on remeasurement to fair value of equity method investment   -                     -                         1,642.0
loss on write-off of debt issuance costs                          (1.1        )         (4.4        )                   -
comparable adjustments                                            $(77.1      )         $(87.2      )            $1,269.3
cost of product sold undesignated commodity derivative contracts net gain (loss) on undesignated commodity derivative contracts represents a net gain (loss) from the changes in fair value of undesignated commodity derivative contracts. the net gain (loss) is reported outside of segment operating results until such time that the underlying exposure is recognized in the segment operating results. at settlement, the net gain (loss) from the changes in fair value of the undesignated commodity derivative contracts is reported in the appropriate operating segment, allowing the results of our operating segments to reflect the economic effects of the commodity derivative contracts without the resulting unrealized mark to fair value volatility.
favorable interim supply agreement in connection with the beer business acquisition, a temporary supply agreement was negotiated under a favorable pricing arrangement for the required volume of beer needed to fulfill expected u.s. demand in excess of the nava brewery's capacity. amortization of favorable interim supply agreement reflects amounts associated with non-nava brewery product purchased from the date of acquisition which has been sold to our u.s. customers during the respective period.
inventory step-up in connection with acquisitions, the allocation of purchase price in excess of book value for certain inventory on hand at the date of acquisition is referred to as inventory step-up. inventory step-up represents an assumed manufacturing profit attributable to the acquired company prior to acquisition. flow through of inventory step-up was primarily associated with the meiomi acquisition (fiscal 2016) and the beer business acquisition (fiscal 2014).
selling, general and administrative expenses restructuring and related charges restructuring and related charges consist primarily of employee termination benefit costs recognized in connection with our plan initiated in may 2015 to streamline and simplify processes, and shift resources and investment to long-term, profitable growth opportunities across the business (fiscal 2016).
transaction, integration and other acquisition-related costs transaction, integration and other acquisition-related costs were primarily associated with the june 2013 beer business acquisition (fiscal 2016, fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014) and the december 2014 glass production plant acquisition (fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015), and the august 2015 meiomi acquisition (fiscal 2016).
other gains (losses) consist primarily of a gain from an adjustment to a certain guarantee originally recorded in connection with a prior divestiture (fiscal 2015), a net gain on the sale of and the write-down of certain property, plant and equipment (fiscal 2015), and a prior period correction of previously unrecognized deferred compensation costs that were associated with certain employment agreements (fiscal 2014).
impairment of goodwill and intangible assets impairment losses consist of impairments of goodwill and certain trademarks related to our wine and spirits' canadian reporting unit.
gain on remeasurement to fair value of equity method investment prior to the beer business acquisition, we accounted for our investment in crown imports under the equity method of accounting. in applying the acquisition method of accounting, our preexisting 50% equity interest was remeasured to its estimated fair value resulting in the recognition of a gain in connection with the beer business acquisition.
earnings (losses) from unconsolidated investments earnings from unconsolidated investments consist of dividend income from a retained interest in a previously divested business (fiscal 2016).
net sales increased $520.4 million due to increases in beer's net sales of $434.0 million (driven predominately by volume growth within our mexican beer portfolio) and wine and spirits' net sales of $86.4 million (due largely to net sales of branded wine acquired in the acquisition of meiomi).
the increase in beer's net sales is primarily due to (i)  the volume growth within our mexican beer portfolio, which benefited from continued consumer demand and increased marketing spend; (ii)  a favorable impact from pricing in select markets and (iii)  net sales of beer acquired in the acquisition of ballast point of $27.2 million.
(1)   depletions represent distributor shipments of our respective branded products to retail customers, based on third-party data, including acquired brands from the date of acquisition and for the comparable prior year period.
the increase in wine and spirits' net sales is primarily due to (i)  net sales of branded wine acquired in the acquisition of meiomi of $73.8 million, (ii)  organic branded wine and spirits volume growth (due partly to the overlap of a planned reduction in inventory levels by one of our exclusive distributors in the u.s. for fiscal 2015); and (iii)  favorable product mix shift (predominantly within the u.s. organic branded wine portfolio); partially offset by (i)  an unfavorable year-over-year foreign currency translation impact and (ii)  the unfavorable overlap of the recognition of a contractually required payment for fiscal 2015 from the distributor noted above equal to the approximate profit lost on the reduced sales associated with the inventory reduction.
gross profit fiscal 2016         fiscal 2015          % increase
comparable adjustments            (68.7     )         (59.5     )         (15      %)
consolidated gross profit      $2,942.3            $2,578.6                14       %
gross profit increased $363.7 million primarily due to increases in beer of $310.2 million and wine and spirits of $62.7 million. the increase in beer is primarily due to (i)  the volume growth within our mexican beer portfolio, (ii)  the favorable impact from pricing in select markets and (iii)  lower organic cost of product sold. the increase in wine and spirits is primarily due to (i)  branded wine acquired in the acquisition of meiomi, (ii)  lower organic cost of product sold and (iii)  higher organic branded wine volume; partially offset by the unfavorable year-over-year foreign currency translation impact.
gross profit as a percent of net sales increased to 44.9% for fiscal 2016 compared with 42.8% for fiscal 2015 primarily due to (i)  lower beer and wine and spirits' cost of product sold, (ii)  the favorable impact from beer pricing in select markets and (iii)  the acquisitions of meiomi and ballast point.
comparable adjustments                                             31.8                    23.3                36       %
selling, general and administrative expenses increased $98.8 million primarily due to increases in beer of $63.9 million, corporate operations and other of $16.4 million and wine and spirits of $10.0 million.
the increases in beer and wine and spirits are both primarily attributable to an increase in marketing spend due largely to planned investment behind our mexican beer and branded wine and spirits portfolios. the increase in corporate operations and other is due to higher general and administrative expenses primarily attributable to (i)  an increase in compensation and benefits driven primarily by higher annual management incentive compensation expense and an increase in employer payroll taxes related to employee equity award exercise activity during fiscal 2016, and (ii)  higher consulting and information technology expenses supporting the growth of the business.
selling, general and administrative expenses as a percent of net sales remained relatively flat at 18.0% for fiscal 2016 as compared to 17.9% for fiscal 2015.
operating income fiscal 2016             fiscal 2015          % increase
comparable adjustments                (100.5     )             (82.8     )         (21      %)
consolidated operating income       $1,765.1                $1,500.2                18       %
operating income increased $264.9 million primarily due to increases in beer and wine and spirits of $246.3 million and $52.7 million, respectively. the increases for both segments are primarily attributable to (i)  organic volume growth and lower cost of product sold and (ii)  benefits from the acquisitions of meiomi (wine and spirits) and ballast point (beer), partially offset by increased marketing spend supporting the growth of the businesses.
earnings from unconsolidated investments earnings from unconsolidated investments increased to $51.1 million for fiscal 2016 from $21.5 million for fiscal 2015, an increase of $29.6 million. this increase is primarily attributable to an increase in comparable adjustments for fiscal 2016.
interest expense interest expense decreased to $313.9 million for fiscal 2016 from $337.7 million for fiscal 2015, a decrease of $23.8 million, or (7%). this decrease was primarily due to lower average interest rates.
provision for income taxes our effective tax rate for fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015 was 29.3% and 29.1%, respectively. for fiscal 2016, our effective tax rate was lower than the federal statutory rate of 35% primarily due to a decrease in uncertain tax positions and lower effective tax rates applicable to our foreign businesses. for fiscal 2015, our effective tax rate was lower than the federal statutory rate primarily due to lower effective tax rates applicable to our foreign businesses.
for additional information, refer to note 12 of the notes to the financial statements.
we expect our effective tax rate for the next fiscal year to be in the range of 28% to 31%. we continue to assess whether certain earnings of foreign subsidiaries may be permanently reinvested.
net income attributable to cbi as a result of the above factors, net income attributable to cbi increased to $1,054.9 million for fiscal 2016 from $839.3 million for fiscal 2015, an increase of $215.6 million, or 26%.
net sales increased $1,160.3 million primarily due to $941.1 million of net sales of products acquired in the beer business acquisition, combined with organic volume growth within our mexican beer portfolio.
net sales for beer increased $353.0 million primarily due to volume growth within our mexican beer portfolio which benefited from continued consumer demand and increased advertising spend, combined with a favorable impact from pricing in select markets. in addition, fiscal 2015 net sales were favorably impacted by increased shipment volumes in connection with a return of wholesaler inventories in the u.s. to more historic levels.
in august 2014, we announced a voluntary product recall of select packages in the u.s. and guam containing 12-ounce clear glass bottles of our corona extra beer that may contain small particles of glass (the "product recall"). the product recall was a precautionary step after routine inspections in our quality control laboratory detected defects in certain bottles that could cause small particles of glass to break off and fall into the bottle. the potentially affected bottles came from a glass plant run by a third party manufacturer that supplied us with bottles. the third-party manufacturer contractually agreed to reimburse us for all costs associated with the product recall; accordingly, our results of operations for fiscal 2015 do not reflect any costs associated with the product recall.
(1)   depletions represent distributor shipments of our respective branded products to retail customers, based on third-party data, including acquired brands from the date of acquisition and for the comparable prior year period.
net sales for wine and spirits decreased $6.1 million primarily due to (i)  lower branded wine volume (predominantly in the u.s. due largely to a planned reduction in inventory levels by one of our exclusive distributors), (ii)  an unfavorable year-over-year foreign currency translation impact, (iii)  lower nonbranded net sales and (iv)  higher branded wine promotional spend; partially offset by (i)  favorable product mix shift predominantly within the u.s. branded wine and spirits portfolio, (ii)  the recognition of contractually required payments from the distributor noted above equal to the approximate profit lost on the reduced sales associated with the inventory reduction, (iii)  the recognition of certain contractually required distributor performance payments and (iv)  branded spirits volume growth.
gross profit fiscal 2015         fiscal 2014          % increase
comparable adjustments                 (59.5     )         (16.0     )          nm consolidation and eliminations             -              (241.5     )         100       %
consolidated gross profit           $2,578.6            $1,991.7                29       %
nm = not meaningful gross profit increased $586.9 million primarily due to $443.5 million of gross profit from the beer business acquisition and organic beer growth (driven largely by the organic volume growth and the favorable impact from pricing in select markets).
beer increased $333.7 million primarily due to incremental gross profit from the brewery purchase, the volume growth and the favorable impact from pricing in select markets.
wine and spirits increased $55.2 million primarily due to (i)  the favorable product mix shift for the branded wine and spirits portfolio, (ii)  lower cost of product sold and (iii)  the distributor performance payments; partially offset by (i)  the higher promotional spend, (ii)  lower branded wine volume and (iii)  an unfavorable year-over-year foreign currency translation impact.
gross profit as a percent of net sales increased to 42.8% for fiscal 2015 compared with 40.9% for fiscal 2014 primarily due to the items discussed above, partially offset by the increase in comparable adjustments.
comparable adjustments                                             23.3                  55.7                58       %
selling, general and administrative expenses increased $183.3 million primarily due to $134.2 million from the beer business acquisition and an increase in organic beer selling, general and administrative expenses.
beer increased $88.8 million primarily due to increases in general and administrative expenses of $44.5 million and advertising expenses of $44.1 million. the increase in general and administrative expenses is predominantly driven by higher compensation and benefit costs and higher information technology costs supporting the growth of the mexican beer portfolio, combined with an overlap of prior year foreign currency transaction gains with current year foreign currency transaction losses. the increase in advertising expenses is due largely to investment behind our mexican beer portfolio.
wine and spirits increased $18.7 million primarily due to increases in general and administrative expenses of $11.0 million and advertising expenses of $8.4 million. the increase in general and administrative expenses is predominantly attributable to higher compensation and benefit costs and higher consulting expenses supporting the wine and spirits' branded portfolio. the increase in advertising expenses is due largely to a planned investment behind our branded wine and spirits portfolio.
corporate operations and other increased $9.3 million due to higher general and administrative expenses primarily attributable to the growth of our business.
selling, general and administrative expenses as a percent of net sales decreased to 17.9% for fiscal 2015 as compared with 18.4% for fiscal 2014 primarily due to the beer business acquisition and the associated lower fixed overhead and the decrease in comparable adjustments, partially offset by the increase in organic beer selling, general and administrative expenses.
operating income fiscal 2015             fiscal 2014          % increase
comparable adjustments                 (82.8     )           1,269.4              (107   %)
consolidated operating income       $1,500.2                $2,437.7               (38   %)
operating income decreased $937.5 million primarily due to the significant decrease in comparable adjustments, partially offset by growth in our reportable segments as a result of the factors discussed above.
earnings from unconsolidated investments earnings from unconsolidated investments decreased to $21.5 million for fiscal 2015 from $87.8 million for fiscal 2014, a decrease of $66.3 million, or (76%). this decrease is primarily due to lower equity in earnings of crown imports as a result of the beer business acquisition and the consolidation of crown imports' results of operations from the date of acquisition.
interest expense interest expense increased to $337.7 million for fiscal 2015 from $323.2 million for fiscal 2014, an increase of $14.5 million, or 4%. the increase was driven largely by higher average borrowings, partially offset by a lower weighted average interest rate on outstanding borrowings, both primarily due to the issuance of the may 2013 senior notes and borrowings under our senior credit facility in connection with the financing for the beer business acquisition.
provision for income taxes our effective tax rate for fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014 was 29.1% and 11.8%, respectively. our effective tax rate for fiscal 2015 benefited primarily from lower effective tax rates applicable to our foreign businesses. our effective tax rate for fiscal 2014 was favorably impacted by the beer business acquisition, primarily attributable to the recognition of the nontaxable gain on the remeasurement to fair value of our preexisting 50% equity interest in crown imports of $1,642.0 million, partially offset by the write-off of nondeductible goodwill of $278.7 million.
net income attributable to cbi as a result of the above factors, net income attributable to cbi decreased to $839.3 million for fiscal 2015 from $1,943.1 million for fiscal 2014, a decrease of $1,103.8 million, or (57%).
financial liquidity and capital resources general our ability to consistently generate cash flow from operating activities is one of our most significant financial strengths. our strong cash flows enable us to invest in our people and our brands, make appropriate capital investments, provide a quarterly cash dividend program, and from time-to-time, repurchase shares of our common stock and make strategic acquisitions that we believe will enhance stockholder value. our primary source of liquidity has been cash flow from operating activities. our principal use of cash in our operating activities is for purchasing and carrying inventories and carrying seasonal accounts receivable. historically, we have used cash flow from operating activities to repay our short-term borrowings and fund capital expenditures. we will continue to use our short-term borrowings, including our accounts receivable securitization facilities, to support our working capital requirements and capital expenditures.
we have maintained adequate liquidity to meet working capital requirements, fund capital expenditures and repay scheduled principal and interest payments on debt. absent deterioration of market conditions, we believe that cash flows from operating activities and financing activities, primarily short-term borrowings, will provide adequate resources to satisfy our working capital, scheduled principal and interest payments on debt, anticipated dividend payments and anticipated capital expenditure requirements for both our short-term and long-term capital needs, including (i)  our nava brewery and glass production plant expansions and (ii)  our mexicali brewery construction.
net cash provided by operating activities                         $1,413.7            $1,081.0              $826.2
effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents          (9.3     )          (2.5     )          (7.0     )
operating activities fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015
net cash provided by operating activities increased $332.7 million for fiscal 2016. this increase resulted primarily from (i)  higher cash provided by beer (largely due to strong volume growth in the mexican beer portfolio as well as a reduction in prepaid value-added taxes predominantly attributable to timing) and (ii)  lower income tax payments. the lower income tax payments within cash flows from operating activities are primarily due to an increase in tax benefits on employee equity award exercise and vesting activity, partially offset by an increase in income taxes payable largely attributable to higher taxable income driven by beer.
net cash provided by operating activities increased $254.8 million for fiscal 2015. this increase resulted primarily from an increase in cash provided by beer due largely to the timing of the prior year beer business acquisition combined with the strong growth in the mexican beer portfolio for fiscal 2015, partially offset by an increase in beer inventory levels to support the growth of the mexican beer portfolio.
net cash used in investing activities increased $1,191.5 million for fiscal 2016, primarily due to the august and december 2015 acquisitions of meiomi and ballast point, respectively.
net cash used in investing activities decreased $3,847.9 million for fiscal 2015. this decrease resulted primarily from the beer business acquisition for fiscal 2014, partially offset by increased purchases of property, plant and equipment for fiscal 2015 primarily in connection with the beer business acquisition and the associated nava brewery expansion projects.
•   fiscal 2016 net proceeds from notes payable of $360.6 million compared with fiscal 2015 net proceeds from notes payable of $13.1 million;
•   fiscal 2016 excess tax benefits from stock-based payment awards of $203.4 million compared with $78.0 million for fiscal 2015 due to increased fiscal 2016 employee equity award exercise and vesting activity;
•   fiscal 2015 payment of delayed purchase price arrangement of $543.3 million in connection with the june 2013 beer business acquisition; and
•   fiscal 2015 principal payments of long-term debt for the repayment of our december 2007 senior notes of $500.0 million;
partially offset by:
•   fiscal 2016 proceeds from issuance of long-term debt of $610.0 million primarily from the issuance of the december 2015 senior notes (used to fund a portion of the purchase price for the acquisition of ballast point) and from term loan borrowings under the 2015 credit agreement (used to fund a portion of the purchase price for the acquisition of meiomi) compared with fiscal 2015 proceeds from issuance of long-term debt of $905.0 million primarily from the issuance of the november 2014 senior notes (used primarily to redeem our december 2007 senior notes); and
•   payment of quarterly cash dividends.
•   fiscal 2015 proceeds from issuance of long-term debt of $905.0 million primarily from the issuance of the november 2014 senior notes (used primarily to redeem our december 2007 senior notes) compared with fiscal 2014 proceeds from issuance of long-term debt of $3,725.0 million from term loan borrowings under the 2013 credit agreement and the issuance of the may 2013 senior notes (used to fund a portion of the beer business acquisition);
•   fiscal 2015 principal payments of long-term debt for the repayment of the december 2007 senior notes of $500.0 million; and
•   fiscal 2015 payment of delayed purchase price arrangement of $543.3 million in connection with the june 2013 beer business acquisition;
partially offset by:
•   fiscal 2015 proceeds from noncontrolling interests of $115.0 million in connection with the formation of a vie for which we are the primary beneficiary.
debt total debt outstanding as of february 29, 2016, amounted to $8,081.2 million, an increase of $784.7 million from february 28, 2015. this increase was due largely to the issuance of the $400.0 million december 2015 senior notes and an increase in borrowings under our revolving credit facilities of $355.9 million.
the majority of our outstanding borrowings as of february 29, 2016, consisted of fixed-rate senior unsecured notes, with maturities ranging from calendar 2016 to calendar 2025, and variable-rate senior secured term loan facilities under our 2015 credit agreement, with maturities ranging from calendar 2020 to calendar 2021.
in march 2016, we entered into the 2016 restatement agreement, which resulted in the creation of a new $700.0 million european term a-1 loan facility and an increase in the european revolving credit commitment under the revolving credit facility by $425.0 million to $1.0 billion. proceeds from borrowings under the 2016 credit agreement were used to refinance (i)  outstanding obligations under the 2015 credit agreement and (ii)  short-term borrowings under our accounts receivable securitization facilities, and for other general corporate purposes.
we had the following borrowing capacity available under our senior credit facilities and our accounts receivable securitization facilities:
remaining borrowing capacity february 29,                   april 19,
the financial institutions participating in our senior credit facilities and our accounts receivable securitization facilities have complied with prior funding requests and we believe such financial institutions will comply with any future funding requests. however, there can be no assurances that any particular financial institution will continue to do so.
as of february 29, 2016, we also have additional credit arrangements totaling $424.1 million, with $157.1 million outstanding under these arrangements. these arrangements primarily support the financing needs of our domestic and foreign subsidiary operations.
we have entered into various interest rate swap agreements to manage our exposure to the volatility of the interest rates associated with our variable-rate senior secured term loan facilities. as a result of these hedges, as of february 29, 2016, we have fixed our interest rates on (i)  $500.0 million of our floating libor rate debt at an average rate of 2.8% (exclusive of borrowing margins) through september 1, 2016, and (ii)  $100.0 million of our floating libor rate debt at an average rate of 1.2% (exclusive of borrowing margins) through july 1, 2020.
we and our subsidiaries are subject to covenants that are contained in our senior credit facility, including those restricting the incurrence of additional indebtedness (including guarantees of indebtedness), additional liens, mergers and consolidations, the payment of dividends, the making of certain investments, prepayments of certain debt, transactions with affiliates, agreements that restrict our non-guarantor subsidiaries from paying dividends, and dispositions of property, in each case subject to numerous conditions, exceptions and thresholds. as of february 29, 2016, the financial covenants are limited to a minimum interest coverage ratio and a maximum net debt coverage ratio, both as defined in the 2015 credit agreement. as of february 29, 2016, the minimum interest coverage ratio was 2.5x and the maximum net debt coverage ratio was 5.5x.
our indentures relating to our outstanding senior notes contain certain covenants, including, but not limited to:  (i)  a limitation on liens on certain assets, (ii)  a limitation on certain sale and leaseback transactions and (iii)  restrictions on mergers, consolidations and the transfer of all or substantially all of our assets to another person.
as of february 29, 2016, we were in compliance with all of our covenants under both our 2015 credit agreement and our indentures, and have met all debt payment obligations.
for a complete discussion and presentation of all borrowings and available sources of borrowing, refer to note 11 of the notes to the financial statements.
common stock dividends on april 5, 2016, our board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.40 per share of class a common stock, $0.36 per share of class b convertible common stock and $0.36 per share of class 1 common stock payable on may 24, 2016, to stockholders of record of each class on may 10, 2016. we expect to return approximately $320 million to stockholders in fiscal 2017 through cash dividends.
we currently expect to pay quarterly cash dividends on our common stock in the future, but such payments are subject to approval of our board of directors and are dependent upon our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements and other factors, including those set forth under item 1a "risk factors" of this annual report on form 10-k.
share repurchase programs our board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to $1.0 billion of our class a common stock and class b convertible common stock under the 2013 authorization. shares repurchased under this authorization have become treasury shares.
as of february 29, 2016, total shares repurchased under this authorization are as follows:
class a common shares repurchase authorization         dollar value of shares repurchased               number of shares repurchased
share repurchases under the 2013 authorization may be accomplished at management's discretion from time to time based on market conditions, our cash and debt position, and other factors as determined by management. shares may be repurchased through open market or privately negotiated transactions. we may fund future share repurchases with cash generated from operations, proceeds from borrowings under the accounts receivable securitization facilities or proceeds from revolver borrowings under our senior credit facility. any repurchased shares will become treasury shares.
for additional information, refer to note 14 of the notes to the financial statements.
contractual obligations and commitments the following table sets forth information about our contractual obligations outstanding at february 29, 2016. it brings together data for easy reference from our balance sheet and notes to the financial statements. for a detailed discussion of the items noted in the following table, refer to notes 10, 11, 12 and 13 of the notes to the financial statements.
operating leases                                                                            355.3                    48.8                      72.8                    55.1                   178.6
(1)   interest rates on long-term debt obligations range from 1.9% to 7.3% as of february 29, 2016. interest payments on long-term debt obligations include amounts associated with our outstanding interest rate swap agreements to fix libor interest rates on $600.0 million of our floating libor rate debt. interest payments on long-term debt do not include interest related to capital lease obligations or certain foreign credit arrangements, which represent approximately 0.6% of our total long-term debt, as amounts are not material.
(2)   other long-term liabilities include $17.8 million associated with expected payments for unrecognized tax benefit liabilities as of february 29, 2016, $0.6 million of which is expected to be paid in the less than one year period. the payments are reflected in the period in which we believe they will ultimately be settled based on our experience in these matters. other long-term liabilities do not include payments for unrecognized tax benefit liabilities of $12.6 million due to the uncertainty of the timing of future cash flows associated with these unrecognized tax benefit liabilities. in addition, other long-term liabilities do not include expected payments for interest and penalties associated with unrecognized tax benefit liabilities as amounts are not material. for a detailed discussion of these items, refer to note 12 of the notes to the financial statements.
(3)   total purchase obligations consist primarily of $5,412.7 million for contracts to purchase certain raw materials and supplies over the next twelve fiscal years, $784.8 million for contracts to purchase equipment and services over the next four fiscal years and $503.3 million for contracts to purchase beer finished goods over the next two fiscal years. for a detailed discussion of our purchase obligations, refer to note 13 of the notes to the financial statements.
off-balance sheet arrangements we do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that either have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors.
capital expenditures during fiscal 2016, we incurred $891.3 million for capital expenditures, including $800.3 million for the beer segment primarily for the mexico beer expansion projects. management reviews the capital expenditure program periodically and modifies it as required to meet current business needs. we plan to spend from $1.25 billion to $1.35 billion for capital expenditures for fiscal 2017, including from $1.15 billion to $1.25 billion for the beer segment associated primarily with the mexico beer expansion projects. the remaining amounts consist of improvements of existing operating facilities and replacements of existing equipment and/or buildings. in total, over the next five fiscal year periods, we expect to spend approximately $3 billion for capital expenditures associated with the mexico beer expansion projects. upon completion, the total spend from fiscal 2014 through fiscal 2021 for the mexico beer expansion projects is estimated to approximate $4.5 billion.
effects of inflation and changing prices our results of operations and financial condition have not been significantly affected by inflation and changing prices. we intend to pass along rising costs through increased selling prices, subject to normal
competitive conditions. there can be no assurances, however, that we will be able to pass along rising costs through increased selling prices. in addition, we continue to identify on-going cost savings initiatives.
critical accounting estimates our significant accounting policies are more fully described in note 1 of our notes to the financial statements. however, certain of our accounting policies are particularly important to the portrayal of our financial position and results of operations and require the application of significant judgment by management; as a result, they are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty. in applying those policies, management uses its judgment to determine the appropriate assumptions to be used in the determination of certain estimates. those estimates are based on our historical experience, our observance of trends in the industry, information provided by our customers and information available from other outside sources, as appropriate. on an ongoing basis, we review our estimates to ensure that they appropriately reflect changes in our business. our critical accounting estimates include:
•   goodwill and other intangible assets. we account for goodwill and other intangible assets by classifying intangible assets into three categories: (i) intangible assets with definite lives subject to amortization, (ii) intangible assets with indefinite lives not subject to amortization and (iii) goodwill. for intangible assets with definite lives, impairment testing is required if conditions exist that indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. for intangible assets with indefinite lives and for goodwill, impairment testing is required at least annually or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that these assets might be impaired. we perform annual impairment tests and re-evaluate the useful lives of other intangible assets with indefinite lives at the annual impairment test measurement date of january 1 or when circumstances arise that indicate a possible impairment might exist. the guidance for goodwill impairment testing allows an entity to assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances leads to a determination that it is more likely than not that the estimated fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount or to proceed directly to performing the two-step impairment test. in the first step, the estimated fair value of each reporting unit is compared to the carrying value of the reporting unit, including goodwill. the estimate of fair value of the reporting unit is generally calculated based on an income approach using the discounted cash flow method supplemented by the market approach. if the estimated fair value of the reporting unit is less than the carrying value of the reporting unit, a second step is performed to determine the amount of goodwill impairment we should record. in the second step, an implied fair value of the reporting unit's goodwill is determined by allocating the reporting unit's fair value to all of its assets and liabilities other than goodwill (including any unrecognized intangible assets). the resulting implied fair value of the goodwill is compared to the carrying value of the goodwill. the amount of impairment charge for goodwill is equal to the excess of the carrying value of the goodwill over the implied fair value of the goodwill. our reporting units include the beer segment and u.s., canada, new zealand and italy for the wine and spirits segment. in estimating the fair value of the reporting units, management must make assumptions and projections regarding such items as future cash flows, future revenues, future earnings and other factors. the assumptions used in the estimate of fair value are based on historical trends and the projections and assumptions that are used in current strategic operating plans. these assumptions reflect management's estimates of future economic and competitive conditions and are, therefore, subject to change as a result of changing market conditions. if these estimates or their related assumptions change in the future, we may be required to record an impairment loss for these assets. the recording of any resulting impairment loss could have a material adverse impact on our financial statements.
in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, we performed our annual goodwill impairment analysis. no indication of impairment was noted for any of our reporting units, as the estimated fair value of each of our reporting units with goodwill exceeded their carrying value. based on this analysis, of all of our reporting units, the reporting unit with the lowest amount of estimated fair value in excess of its carrying value was the wine and spirits' u.s. reporting unit by approximately 43%. in fiscal 2015, as a result of our annual goodwill impairment analysis, we concluded that there were no indications of
impairment for any of our reporting units. in the second quarter of fiscal 2014, we recorded an impairment loss of $278.7 million in connection with the wine and spirits' canadian reporting unit.
the most significant assumptions used in the discounted cash flows calculation to determine the estimated fair value of our reporting units in connection with impairment testing are: (i)  the discount rate, (ii)  the expected long-term growth rate and (iii)  the annual cash flow projections. as of january 1, 2016, if we used a discount rate that was 50 basis points higher or used an expected long-term growth rate that was 50 basis points lower or used annual cash flow projections that were 100 basis points lower in our impairment testing of goodwill, then the changes individually would not have resulted in the carrying value of the respective reporting unit's net assets, including its goodwill, exceeding its estimated fair value, which would indicate the potential for impairment and the requirement to measure the amount of impairment, if any.
our other intangible assets consist primarily of customer relationships and trademarks obtained through business acquisitions. customer relationships are amortized over their estimated useful lives. the trademarks that were determined to have indefinite useful lives are not amortized. the guidance for indefinite lived intangible asset impairment testing allows an entity to assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances indicates that it is more likely than not that the indefinite lived intangible asset is impaired or to proceed directly to performing the quantitative impairment test. our trademarks are evaluated for impairment by comparing the carrying value of the trademarks to their estimated fair value. the estimated fair value of trademarks is calculated based on an income approach using the relief from royalty method. the estimate of fair value is then compared to the carrying value of each trademark. if the estimated fair value is less than the carrying value of the trademark, then an impairment charge is recorded by us to reduce the carrying value of the trademark to its estimated fair value. in estimating the fair value of the trademarks, management must make assumptions and projections regarding future cash flows based upon future revenues and other factors. the assumptions used in the estimate of fair value are consistent with historical trends and the projections and assumptions that are used in current strategic operating plans. these assumptions reflect management's estimates of future economic and competitive conditions and are, therefore, subject to change as a result of changing market conditions. if these estimates or their related assumptions change in the future, we may be required to record an impairment loss for these assets. the recording of any resulting impairment loss could have a material adverse impact on our financial statements.
in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, we performed our annual review of indefinite lived intangible assets for impairment. no indication of impairment was noted for any of our indefinite lived intangible assets as a result of our review. no indication of impairment was noted for any of our indefinite lived intangible assets for fiscal 2015. in the second quarter of fiscal 2014, we recorded an impairment loss of $22.2 million in connection with certain trademarks associated with the wine and spirits' canadian business.
the most significant assumptions used in the relief from royalty method to determine the estimated fair value of intangible assets with indefinite lives in connection with impairment testing are:  (i)  the estimated royalty rate, (ii)  the discount rate, (iii)  the expected long-term growth rate and (iv)  the annual revenue projections. as of january 1, 2016, if we used a royalty rate that was 50 basis points lower or used a discount rate that was 50 basis points higher or used an expected long-term growth rate that was 50 basis points lower or used annual revenue projections that were 100 basis points lower in our impairment testing of intangible assets with indefinite lives, then each change individually would not have resulted in any unit of accounting's carrying value exceeding its estimated fair value.
•   accounting for promotional activities. sales reflect reductions attributable to consideration given to customers in various customer incentive programs, including pricing discounts on single transactions, volume discounts, promotional and advertising allowances, coupons and rebates. certain customer incentive programs require management to estimate the cost of those programs. the accrued liability for these programs is determined through analysis of programs offered, historical trends, expectations
regarding customer and consumer participation, sales and payment trends, and experience with payment patterns associated with similar programs that have been offered previously. if assumptions included in our estimates were to change or market conditions were to change, then material incremental reductions to revenue could be required, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial statements.
•   accounting for income taxes. we estimate our income tax expense, deferred tax assets and liabilities and reserves for unrecognized tax benefits based upon various factors including, but not limited to, historical pretax operating income, future estimates of pretax operating income, differences between book and tax treatment of items of income and expense, and tax planning strategies. we are subject to income taxes in canada, luxembourg, mexico, new zealand, the u.s. and other jurisdictions. we recognize our deferred tax assets and liabilities based upon the expected future tax outcome of amounts recognized in our results of operations. if necessary, we record a valuation allowance on deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that they will not be realized. we believe that all tax positions are fully supported; however, we record tax liabilities in accordance with the fasb's guidance for income tax accounting. we recognize a tax benefit from an uncertain tax position when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination. due to the complexity of some of these uncertainties, the ultimate resolution may result in a payment that is materially different from our current estimate of the tax liabilities. in addition, changes in existing tax laws or rates could significantly change our current estimate of our tax liabilities. these differences will be reflected as increases or decreases to income tax expense in the period in which they are determined. changes in current estimates, if significant, could have a material adverse impact on our financial statements.
accounting guidance not yet adopted accounting guidance adopted for fiscal 2016 did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. for information on accounting guidance not yet adopted, refer to note 21 in our notes to the financial statements.