item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our historical financial statements and notes included in part iv of this annual report. also, the partnership files a separate annual report on form 10-k with the sec.
overview financial presentation targa resources corp. is a publicly traded delaware corporation formed in october 2005. our common stock is listed on the nyse under the symbol "trgp." in this annual report, unless the context requires otherwise, references to "we," "us," "our," the "company," or "targa" are intended to mean our consolidated business and operations.
we own all of the general partner interest, incentive distribution rights ("idrs") and outstanding common units in the partnership, a delaware limited partnership, that is a leading united states provider of midstream natural gas and ngl services, with a growing presence in crude oil gathering and petroleum terminaling. common units of the partnership were listed on the nyse under the symbol "ngls" prior to our acquisition of all of the outstanding common units not already owned by us on february 17, 2016. preferred units of the partnership are listed on the nyse under the symbol "ngls pra."
our primary business objective is to increase our cash available for dividends to our stockholders by assisting the partnership in executing its business strategy. we may potentially facilitate the partnership's growth through various forms of financial support, including, but not limited to, making loans, making capital contributions in exchange for yielding or non-yielding equity interests or providing other financial support to the partnership to support its ability to make distributions. we also may potentially enter into other economic transactions intended to increase our ability to make cash available for dividends over time. in addition, we may potentially acquire assets that could be candidates for acquisition by the partnership, potentially after operational or commercial improvement or further development.
an indirect subsidiary of ours is the general partner of the partnership. because we control the general partner, under gaap we must reflect our ownership interest in the partnership on a consolidated basis. accordingly, the partnership's financial results are included in our consolidated financial statements even though the distribution or transfer of partnership assets are limited by the terms of the partnership agreement, as well as restrictive covenants in the partnership's lending agreements. the limited partner interests in the partnership not owned by us on certain dates are reflected in our results of operations as net income attributable to noncontrolling interests. therefore, throughout this discussion, we make a distinction where relevant between financial results of the partnership versus those of us as a standalone parent including our non-partnership subsidiaries.
the partnership files its own separate annual report. the financial results presented in our consolidated financial statements will differ from the consolidated financial statements of the partnership primarily due to the effects of:
·   certain administrative assets and liabilities incumbent as a provider of operational and support services to the partnership;
·   certain non-operating assets and liabilities that we retained;
·   partnership distributions applicable to our general partner interest, idrs and investment in partnership common units. while these are eliminated when preparing our consolidated financial statements, they nonetheless are the primary source of cash flow that supports the payment of dividends to our stockholders.
our operations currently, we have no separate, direct operating activities apart from those conducted by the partnership. as such, our cash inflows will primarily consist of cash distributions from our interests in the partnership. the partnership is required to distribute all available cash at the end of each quarter after establishing reserves to provide for the proper conduct of its business or to provide for future distributions.
on february 17, 2016, we completed the previously announced transactions contemplated by the trc/trp merger agreement, pursuant to which we acquired indirectly all of our outstanding common units that we and our subsidiaries did not already own. upon the terms and conditions set forth in the merger agreement, merger sub merged with and into trp, with trp continuing as the surviving entity and as a subsidiary of trc.
at the effective time of the trc/trp merger, each outstanding trp common unit not owned by us or our subsidiaries was converted into the right to receive 0.62 shares of our common stock. no fractional shares were issued in the trc/trp merger, and trp common unitholders instead received cash in lieu of fractional shares.
as we control the partnership, the changes in our ownership interest in the partnership will be accounted for as an equity transaction and no gain or loss will be recognized in our consolidated statements of income resulting from the trc/trp merger. in addition, the tax effects of the trc/trp merger are reported as adjustments to our additional paid-in capital.
the partnership's operations the partnership is a leading provider of midstream natural gas and ngl services in the united states, with a growing presence in crude oil gathering and petroleum terminaling. in connection with these business activities, the partnership buys and sells natural gas, ngls and ngl products, crude oil, condensate and refined products.
the partnership is engaged in the business of:
·   gathering, compressing, treating, processing and selling natural gas;
·   storing, fractionating, treating, transporting and selling ngls and ngl products, including services to lpg exporters;
the partnership reports its operations in two divisions: (i) gathering and processing, consisting of two reportable segments - (a) field gathering and processing and (b) coastal gathering and processing; and (ii) logistics and marketing, consisting of two reportable segments - (a) logistics assets and (b) marketing and distribution. the operating margin results of its hedging activities are reported in other.
the partnership's gathering and processing division includes assets used in the gathering of natural gas produced from oil and gas wells and processing this raw natural gas into merchantable natural gas by extracting ngls and removing impurities and assets used for crude oil gathering and terminaling. the field gathering and processing segment's assets are located in the permian basin of west texas and southeast new mexico; the eagle ford shale in south texas; the barnett shale in north texas; the anadarko, ardmore, and arkoma basins in oklahoma and south central kansas; and the williston basin in north dakota. the coastal gathering and processing segment's assets are located in the onshore and near offshore regions of the louisiana gulf coast and the gulf of mexico.
the partnership's logistics and marketing division is also referred to as its downstream business. the partnership's downstream business includes all the activities necessary to convert mixed ngls into ngl products and provides certain value-added services such as the fractionation, storage, terminaling, transportation, exporting, distribution and marketing of ngls and ngl products; the storing and terminaling of refined petroleum products and crude oil; and certain natural gas supply and marketing activities in support of the partnership's other businesses, as well as transporting natural gas and ngls.
the partnership's logistics assets segment is involved in transporting, storing, and fractionating mixed ngls; storing, terminaling, and transporting finished ngls, including services for exporting lpgs; and storing and terminaling of refined petroleum products. these assets are generally connected to and supplied in part by the partnership's gathering and processing segments and are predominantly located in mont belvieu and galena park, texas, in lake charles, louisiana and in tacoma, washington.
the partnership's marketing and distribution segment covers activities required to distribute and market raw and finished ngls and all natural gas marketing activities. it includes (1) marketing the partnership's own ngl production and purchasing ngl products for resale in selected united states markets; (2) providing lpg balancing services to refinery customers; (3) transporting, storing and selling propane and providing related propane logistics services to multi-state retailers, independent retailers and other end-users; (4) providing propane, butane and services to lpg exporters; and (5) marketing natural gas available to the partnership from its gathering and processing division and the purchase and resale and other value added activities related to third-party natural gas in selected united states markets.
other contains the results (including any hedge ineffectiveness) of the partnership's commodity hedging activities included in operating margin and the mark-to-market gains/losses related to derivative contracts that were not designated as cash-flow hedges.
trc/trp merger on february 17, 2016, trc completed the previously announced transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, by and among us, our general partner, trp and spartan merger sub llc, a subsidiary of trc ("merger sub") pursuant to which trc acquired indirectly all of the partnership's outstanding common units that trc and its subsidiaries did not already own. upon the terms and conditions set forth in the merger agreement, merger sub merged with and into trp, with trp continuing as the surviving entity and as a subsidiary of trc.
at the effective time of the trc/trp merger, each outstanding trp common unit not owned by trc or its subsidiaries was converted into the right to receive 0.62 trc shares. no fractional trc shares were issued in the trc/trp merger, and trp common unitholders instead received cash in lieu of fractional trc shares.
2015 developments atlas mergers on february 27, 2015, targa completed the atlas mergers. in connection with the atlas mergers, apl changed its name to "targa pipeline partners lp," which we refer to as tpl, and atls changed its name to "targa energy lp."
tpl is a provider of natural gas gathering, processing and treating services primarily in the anadarko, ardmore, arkoma and permian basins located in the southwestern and mid-continent regions of the united states and in the eagle ford shale play in south texas. the atlas mergers add tpl's woodford/scoop, mississippi lime, eagle ford and additional permian assets to the partnership's existing operations. in total, tpl adds 2,053 mmcf/d of processing capacity and 12,220 miles of additional pipeline. the results of tpl are reported in our field gathering and processing segment.
pursuant to the idr giveback amendment entered into in conjunction with the atlas mergers, idrs of $9.375 million were allocated to common unitholders for each quarter of 2015 commencing with the first quarter of 2015. the idr giveback amendment covers sixteen quarters following the completion of the atlas mergers on february 27, 2015 and resulted in reallocation of idr payments to common unitholders -in the amount of $9.375 million per quarter for 2015, and will result in reallocation of idr payments to common unitholders in the amount of $6.25 million in the first quarter of 2016.
logistics and marketing segment expansion cedar bayou fractionator train 5
in july 2014, the partnership approved construction of a 100 mbbl/d fractionator at cbf. the 100 mbbl/d expansion will be fully integrated with the partnership's existing gulf coast ngl storage, terminaling and delivery infrastructure, which includes an extensive network of connections to key petrochemical and industrial customers as well as the partnership's lpg export terminal at galena park on the houston ship channel. construction has been underway and is continuing and the partnership expects completion of construction in second quarter of 2016. construction of the expansion has proceeded without disruption to existing operations, and we estimate that total growth capital expenditures net to our 88% interest for the expansion and the related infrastructure enhancements at mont belvieu should approximate $340 million.
channelview splitter on december 27, 2015, targa terminals and noble entered into the splitter agreement under which targa terminals will build and operate a 35,000 barrel per day crude and condensate splitter at targa terminals' channelview terminal on the houston ship channel ("channelview splitter"). the channelview splitter will have the capability to split approximately 35,000 barrels per day of condensate into its various components, including naphtha, kerosene, gas oil, jet fuel, and liquefied petroleum gas and will provide segregated storage for the crude, condensate and components. the channelview splitter is expected to be completed by early 2018, and has an estimated total cost of approximately $130 million to $150 million. the partnership's current total project capital expenditure estimate is higher than in the original announcement in march 2014 because of changes in project scope and anticipated increases in costs for engineering, procurement and construction services and/or materials, including labor costs. as contemplated by the december 2014 agreement, the splitter agreement completes and terminates the december 2014 agreement while retaining the partnership's economic benefits from that agreement.
field gathering and processing segment expansion badlands little missouri 3
in the first quarter of 2015, the partnership completed the 40 mmcf/d little missouri 3 plant expansion in mckenzie county, north dakota, that increased capacity to 90 mmcf/d.
permian basin buffalo plant in april 2014, tpl announced plans to build a new plant and expand the gathering footprint of its westtx system. this project includes the laying of a new high pressure gathering line into martin and andrews counties of texas, as well as incremental compression and a new 200 mmcf/d cryogenic processing plant, known as the buffalo plant, which is now expected to be completed during the second quarter of 2016. total net growth capital expenditures for the buffalo plant should approximate $105 million.
eagle ford shale natural gas processing joint venture in october 2015, the partnership announced that it entered into joint venture agreements with sanchez to construct the raptor plant and approximately 45 miles of associated pipelines. the partnership expects to invest approximately $125 million of growth capital expenditures related to the joint ventures, and assuming full contribution from sanchez, will have a 50% interest in the plant and the approximately 45 miles of high pressure gathering pipelines that will connect sanchez's catarina gathering system to the plant. the partnership will hold all of the transportation capacity on the pipeline and the gathering joint venture receives fees for transportation.
the raptor plant will accommodate the growing production from sanchez's premier eagle ford shale acreage position in dimmit, la salle and webb counties, texas and from other third party producers. the plant and high pressure gathering lines are supported by long-term, firm, fee-based contracts and acreage dedications with sanchez. the partnership will manage construction and operations of the plant and high pressure gathering lines, and the plant is expected to begin operations in early 2017. prior to the plant being placed in-service, the partnership will benefit from sanchez natural gas volumes that will be processed at our silver oak facilities in bee county, texas.
in addition to the major projects in process noted above, the partnership potentially has other growth capital expenditures in 2016 related to the continued build out of its gathering and processing infrastructure and logistics capabilities. in the current depressed market environment, the partnership will evaluate these potential projects based on return profile, capital requirements and strategic need and may choose to defer projects depending on expected activity levels.
accounts receivable securitization facility the securitization facility provides up to $225.0 million of borrowing capacity at libor market index rates plus a margin through december 9, 2016. under the securitization facility, targa midstream services llc ("tms"), a consolidated subsidiary of the partnership, contributes receivables to targa gas marketing llc ("tgm"), a consolidated subsidiary of the partnership, and tgm and  another consolidated subsidiary of the partnership (targa liquids marketing and trade llc ("tlmt")) sell or contribute receivables, without recourse, to another of its consolidated subsidiaries (targa receivables llc or "trllc"), a special purpose consolidated subsidiary created for the sole purpose of the securitization facility. trllc, in turn, sells an undivided percentage ownership in the eligible receivables to a third-party financial institution. receivables up to the amount of the outstanding debt under the securitization facility are not available to satisfy the claims of the creditors of tlmt, tms, tgm or the partnership. any excess receivables are eligible to satisfy the claims of creditors of tlmt, tms, tgm or the partnership. as of december 31, 2015, total funding under the securitization facility was $219.3 million.
distributions during 2015, the partnership paid cash distributions of $3.28 per unit, an increase of approximately six percent compared with the $3.09 per unit paid during 2014. in january 2016, the general partner declared a cash distribution of $0.825 per unit ($3.30 on an annualized basis) for the fourth quarter 2015, an increase of approximately two percent compared with the $ 0.81 per unit declared in january 2015.
other financing activities in connection with the closing of the atlas mergers, we entered into the trc credit agreement, dated as of february 27, 2015, among us, each lender from time to time party thereto and bank of america, n.a. as administrative agent, collateral agent, swing line lender and letter of credit issuer. the trc credit agreement provides for a new five year revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount up to $670 million and a seven year term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of $430 million. we used the net proceeds from the term loan issuance and the revolving credit facility to fund cash components of the atls merger, including cash merger consideration and approximately $160 million related to change of control payments made by atls, cash settlements of equity awards and transaction fees and expenses. in march 2015, we repaid $188.0 million of the term loan and wrote off $3.3 million of the discount and $5.7 million of debt issuance costs. in june 2015, we repaid $82.0 million of the term loan and wrote off $1.4 million of the discount and $2.4 million of debt issuance costs. the write-off of the discount and debt issuance costs are reflected as loss from financing activities on the consolidated statements of operations.
in january 2015, the partnership and targa resources partners finance corporation (collectively, the "partnership issuers") issued $1.1 billion in aggregate principal amount of 5% notes resulting in approximately $1,089.8 million of net proceeds after costs, which were used together with borrowings under the trp revolver, to fund the apl notes tender offers and the change of control offer.
in february 2015, the partnership amended the trp revolver to increase available commitments to $1.6 billion from $1.2 billion while retaining the partnership's right to request up to an additional $300.0 million in commitment increases. the partnership used proceeds from borrowings under the credit facility to fund some of the cash components of the apl merger, including $701.4 million for the repayments of the apl revolver and $28.8 million related to change of control payments. in connection with the 58,614,157 common units issued in the atlas mergers in february 2015, we contributed an additional $52.4 million to the partnership to maintain our 2% general partner interest.
in may 2015, the partnership entered into the may 2015 eda, pursuant to which it may sell through its sales agents, at its option, up to an aggregate of $1.0 billion of common units. during the year ended december 31, 2015, the partnership issued 7,377,380 common units under its edas, receiving proceeds of $316.1 million (net of commissions). as of december 31, 2015, approximately $4.2 million of capacity and $835.6 million of capacity remain under the may 2014 and may 2015 edas. during the year ended december 31, 2015 we contributed $6.5 million to the partnership to maintain our 2% general partner interest. pursuant to the trc/trp merger agreement, trc has agreed to cause the trp common units to be delisted from the nyse and deregistered under the exchange act. as a result of the completion of the trc/trp merger, the trp common units are no longer publicly traded.
in may 2015, the partnership issuers issued $342.1 million aggregate principal amount of the trp 65⁄8% notes to holders of the 2020 apl notes, which were validly tendered for exchange.
in september 2015, the partnership issuers issued $600.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 63⁄4% notes resulting in approximately $595.0 million of net proceeds after costs, which were used to reduce borrowings under the trp revolver and for general partnership purposes.
in october 2015, the partnership completed an offering of 4,400,000 preferred units at a price of $25.00 per unit. the partnership sold an additional 600,000 preferred units pursuant to the exercise of the underwriters' overallotment option. the partnership received net proceeds after costs of approximately $121.1 million. the partnership used the net proceeds from this offering to reduce borrowings under the trp revolver and for general partnership purposes. as of december 31, 2015, the partnership has paid $1.5 million in distributions to its preferred unitholders. see note 11 - partnership units and related matters. the preferred units remain outstanding as limited partner interests in trp and continue to trade on the nyse under the symbol "ngls pra."
in december 2015, the partnership repurchased on the open market a portion of its various series of outstanding senior notes paying $14.3 million plus accrued interest to repurchase $17.9 million of the outstanding balances. the december 2015 senior note repurchases resulted in a $3.6 million gain on debt repurchase and a write-off of $0.1 million in related deferred debt issuance costs.
apl merger financing activities apl senior notes tender offers in january 2015, the partnership commenced cash tender offers for any and all of the outstanding fixed rate senior secured notes to be acquired in the apl merger, referred to as the apl notes tender offers, which totaled $1.55 billion.
the results of the apl notes tender offers were:
senior notes     outstanding                amount              premium              accrued               total tender      % tendered          note balance note balance              tendered               paid               interest                 offer                              after tender paid                  payments                               offers
in connection with the apl notes tender offers, on february 27, 2015, the supplemental indentures governing the 43⁄4% senior notes due 2021 (the "2021 apl notes") and the 57⁄8% senior notes due 2023 (the "2023 apl notes") of tpl and targa pipeline finance corporation (formerly known as atlas pipeline finance corporation) (together, the "apl issuers"), became operative. these supplemental indentures eliminated substantially all of the restrictive covenants and certain events of default applicable to the 2021 apl notes and the 2023 apl notes that were not accepted for payment.
not having achieved the minimum tender condition on the 65⁄8% senior notes due 2020 of the apl issuers (the "2020 apl notes"), the partnership made a change of control offer, referred to as the change of control offer, for any and all of the 2020 apl notes in advance of, and conditioned upon, the consummation of the apl merger. in march 2015, holders representing $4.8 million of the outstanding 2020 apl notes tendered their notes requiring a payment of $5.0 million, which included the change of control premium and accrued interest.
payments made under the apl notes tender offers and change of control offer totaling $1,168.8 million are presented as financing activities for the partnership in the consolidated statements of cash flows.
recent accounting pronouncements in may 2014, the financial accounting standards board ("fasb") issued accounting standard update ("asu") no. 2014-09, revenue from contracts with customers (topic 606), which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in topic 605, revenue recognition, and most industry-specific guidance. the update also creates a new subtopic 340-40, other assets and deferred costs - contracts with customers, which provides guidance for the incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer and those costs incurred in fulfilling a contract with a customer that are not in the scope of another topic. the new revenue standard requires that entities should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entities expect to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. to achieve that core principle, the standard requires a five step process of identifying the contracts with customers, identifying the performance obligations in the contracts, determining the transaction price, allocating the transaction price to the performance obligations, and recognizing revenue when, or as, the performance obligations are satisfied. the amendment also requires enhanced disclosures regarding the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers.
the revenue recognition standard is effective for the annual period beginning december 15, 2017, and for annual and interim periods thereafter. earlier adoption is permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2016, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. we must retroactively apply the new revenue recognition standard to transactions in all prior periods presented, but will have a choice between either (1) restating each prior period presented or (2) presenting a cumulative effect adjustment in the period the amendment is adopted. we expect to adopt this guidance on january 1, 2018 and are continuing to evaluate the impact on our revenue recognition practices.
in november 2014, the fasb issued asu 2014-16, derivatives and hedging (topic 815): determining whether the host contract in a hybrid financial instrument issued in the form of a share is more akin to debt or to equity (a consensus of the fasb emerging issues task force). the amendments in this update clarify how current gaap should be interpreted in evaluating the economic characteristics and risks of a host contract in a hybrid financial instrument that is issued in the form of a share. these amendments have been adopted, with no material impact on our consolidated financial statements or results of operations.
in february 2015, the fasb issued asu 2015-02, consolidation (topic 810): amendments to the consolidation analysis. the amendments in this update are intended to simplify the consolidation evaluation for reporting organizations that are required to evaluate whether they should consolidate certain legal entities and modify the evaluation of whether limited partnerships and similar legal entities are variable interest entities or voting interest entities. our analysis of the amendments indicates that we will continue to consolidate the partnership upon the adoption of this guidance in the first quarter of 2016. we are currently evaluating the effect of the amendments by revisiting our consolidation model for each of our less-than-wholly owned subsidiaries and do not expect the amendments to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements or related disclosures.
in april 2015, the fasb issued asu 2015-03, interest - imputation of interest (subtopic 835-30): simplifying the presentation of debt issuance costs. the amendments in this update require that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability (other than revolving credit facilities) be presented in the consolidated balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. this update deals solely with financial statement display matters; recognition and measurement of debt issuance costs are unaffected. unamortized debt issuance costs of $42.7 million and $29.9 million for term loans and notes were included in other long-term assets on the consolidated balance sheets as of december 31, 2015 and december 31, 2014. in august 2015, the fasb issued asu 2015-15, interest - imputation of interest (subtopic 835-30): presentation and subsequent measurement of debt issuance costs associated with line-of-credit arrangements. the amendment clarifies asu 2015-03 and provides that an entity may defer and present debt issuance costs for a line-of-credit or other revolving credit facility arrangement as an asset and subsequently amortize the deferred debt issuance costs ratably over the term of the arrangement, regardless of whether there are any outstanding borrowings on the arrangement. unamortized debt issuance costs of $14.4 million and $8.4 million for revolving credit facilities were included in other long-term assets on the consolidated balance sheets as of december 31, 2015 and december 31, 2014. we will continue to include debt issuance costs for our line-of-credit and revolving credit facility arrangements in other long-term assets upon adoption of asu 2015-03. these amendments are effective for us on january 1, 2016.
in july 2015, the fasb issued asu 2015-11, inventory (topic 303): simplifying the measurement of inventory. topic 303 currently requires inventory to be measured at the lower of cost or market, where market could be replacement cost, net realizable value or net realizable value less a normal profit margin. the amendments in this update require that all inventory, excluding inventory that is measured using the last-in, first-out method or the retail inventory method, be measured at the lower of cost or net realizable value. net realizable value is defined as the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal and transportation. these amendments have been adopted, with no impact on our consolidated financial statements or results of operations.
in september 2015, the fasb issued asu 2015-16, business combinations (topic 805): simplifying the accounting for measurement-period adjustments. topic 805 currently requires that adjustments to provisional amounts recorded in a business combination be recognized retrospectively as if the accounting had been completed at the acquisition date. the amendments in this update require that an acquirer recognize these measurement-period adjustments in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined, with the effect on earnings of changes in depreciation, amortization or other income effects, if any, as a result of the change to the provisional amounts, calculated as if the accounting had been completed at the acquisition date. the amendments require disclosure of the amount recorded in current-period earnings that would have been recorded in previous reporting periods if the adjustment to the provisional amounts had been recognized as of the acquisition date. the amendments are effective for us in 2016, with early adoption permitted. we adopted the amendments on september 30, 2015 and have recognized the measurement-period adjustments for the atlas mergers determined in the three months ended december 31, 2015 in current period earnings. see note 4 - business acquisitions for additional information regarding the nature and amount of the measurement-period adjustments.
in november 2015, the fasb issued asu 2015-17, income taxes (topic 740): balance sheet classification of deferred taxes. the amendments in this update require that deferred tax asset and liabilities be classified as noncurrent on the consolidated balance sheet. we adopted these amendments retrospectively on december 31, 2015. as a result, we have revised our december 31, 2014 consolidated balance sheet to reclassify $0.1 million of current deferred income tax assets to noncurrent and $0.6 million  of current deferred tax liabilities to noncurrent.
in february 2016, the fasb issued asu 2016-02, leases (topic 842). the amendments in this update require, among other things, that lessees recognize the following for all leases (with the exception of short-term leases) at the commencement date: (1) a lease liability, which is a lessee's obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease, measured on a discounted basis; and (2) a right-of-use asset, which is an asset that represents the lessee's right to use, or control the use of, a specified asset for the lease term. lessees and lessors must apply a modified retrospective transition approach for leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements. we expect to adopt the amendments in the first quarter of 2019 and are currently evaluating the impacts of the amendments to our financial statements and accounting practices for leases.
factors that significantly affect the partnership's results the partnership's results of operations are substantially impacted by changes in commodity prices, the volumes that move through its gathering, processing and logistics assets, contract terms, the impact of hedging activities and the cost to operate and support assets.
(2)   ngl prices are based on quarterly weighted average prices and annual averages of prices from mont belvieu non-tet monthly commercial index prices. illustrative targa ngl contains 37% ethane, 35% propane, 10% natural gasoline, 6% isobutane and 12% normal butane.
(3)   crude oil prices are based on quarterly weighted average prices and annual averages of daily prices from west texas intermediate commercial index prices as measured on the nymex.
(4)   prices for the first quarter of 2016 are based on the monthly average price for january 2016.
volumes in the partnership's gathering and processing operations, plant inlet volumes, crude oil volumes and capacity utilization rates generally are driven by wellhead production and the partnership's competitive and contractual position on a regional basis and more broadly by the impact of prices for oil, natural gas and ngls on exploration and production activity in the areas of the partnership's operations. the factors that impact the gathering and processing volumes also impact the total volumes that flow to the downstream business. in addition, fractionation volumes are also affected by the location of the resulting mixed ngls, available pipeline capacity to transport ngls to the partnership's fractionators and its competitive and contractual position relative to other fractionators.
contract terms, contract mix and the impact of commodity prices because of the potential for significant volatility of natural gas and ngl prices, the contract mix of the partnership's gathering and processing division, other than fee-based contracts in badlands and other gathering and processing business units and certain other gathering and processing services, can have a material impact on its profitability, especially those contracts that create direct exposure to changes in energy prices by paying the partnership for gathering and processing services with a portion of the commodities handled ("equity volumes").
contract terms in the gathering and processing division are based upon a variety of factors, including natural gas and crude quality, geographic location, competitive dynamics and the pricing environment at the time the contract is executed, and customer requirements. the partnership's gathering and processing contract mix and, accordingly, its exposure to crude, natural gas and ngl prices may change as a result of producer preferences, competition and changes in production as wells decline at different rates or are added, its expansion into regions where different types of contracts are more common and other market factors. for example, the partnership's badlands and southtx crude and natural gas contracts are essentially 100% fee-based.
the contract terms and contract mix of the partnership's downstream business can also have a significant impact on the partnership's results of operations. during periods of low relative demand for available fractionation capacity, rates were low and frac-or-pay contracts were not readily available. the current demand for fractionation services has grown resulting in increases in fractionation fees and contract term. in addition, reservation fees are required. increased demand for export services also supports fee-based contracts. contracts in the logistics assets segment are primarily fee-based arrangements while the marketing and distribution segment includes both fee-based and percent-of-proceeds contracts.
impact of the partnership's commodity price hedging activities the partnership has hedged the commodity price risk associated with a portion of its expected natural gas, ngl and condensate equity volumes through 2018 by entering into financially settled derivative transactions. these transactions include swaps, futures, and purchased puts (or floors) and calls (or caps) to hedge additional expected equity commodity volumes without creating volumetric risk. the partnership may buy calls in connection with swap positions to create a price floor with upside. the partnership intends to continue managing its exposure to commodity prices in the future by entering into derivative transactions. the partnership actively manages the downstream business product inventory and other working capital levels to reduce exposure to changing ngl prices. for additional information regarding the partnership's hedging activities, see "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk- commodity price risk."
operating expenses variable costs such as fuel, utilities, power, service and repairs can impact the partnership's results as volumes fluctuate through its systems. continued expansion of existing assets will also give rise to additional operating expenses, which will affect the partnership's results. the employees supporting the partnership's operations are employees of targa resources llc, a delaware limited liability company, and an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of us. the partnership reimburses us for the payment of certain operating expenses, including compensation and benefits of operating personnel assigned to the partnership's assets.
general and administrative expenses we perform centralized corporate functions for the partnership, such as legal, accounting, treasury, insurance, risk management, health, safety, environmental, information technology, human resources, credit, payroll, internal audit, taxes engineering and marketing. other than our direct costs of being a separate public reporting company, these costs are reimbursed by the partnership. see "item 13. certain relationships and related transactions, and director independence."
general trends and outlook we expect the midstream energy business environment to continue to be affected by the following key trends: demand for the partnership's products and services, commodity prices, volatile capital markets and increased regulation. these expectations are based on assumptions made by us and information currently available to us. to the extent our underlying assumptions about or interpretations of available information prove to be incorrect, the partnership's actual results may vary materially from our expected results.
demand for the partnership's services fluctuations in energy prices can affect production rates and investments by third parties in the development of oil and natural gas reserves. generally, drilling and production activity will increase as energy prices increase. the recent substantial decline in oil, condensate, ngl and natural gas prices has led many exploration and production companies to reduce planned capital expenditures for drilling and production activities during 2016. in the partnership's field gathering and processing areas of operation, producers have reduced and are likely to continue to reduce their drilling activity to varying degrees, which may lead to lower oil, condensate, ngl and natural gas volume growth in the near term and reduced demand for the partnership's services. producer activity generates demand in the partnership's downstream business for fractionation and other fee-based services, which may decrease in the near term. as prices have declined, demand for the partnership's international export, storage and terminaling services has remained relatively constant, as demand for these services is based on a number of domestic and international factors.
commodity prices there has been, and we believe there will continue to be, significant volatility in commodity prices and in the relationships among ngl, crude oil and natural gas prices. in addition, the volatility and uncertainty of natural gas, crude oil and ngl prices impact drilling, completion and other investment decisions by producers and ultimately supply to the partnership's systems. notably, beginning in the fourth quarter of 2014 and continuing in 2015, there has been a significant decline in commodity prices. we can not predict how long this decline in commodity prices will extend. see "item 1a. risk factors - the partnership's cash flow is affected by supply and demand for natural gas and ngl products and by natural gas, ngl, crude oil and condensate prices, and decreases in these prices could adversely affect its results of operations and financial condition."
the partnership's operating income generally improves in an environment of higher natural gas, ngl and condensate prices, and where the spread between ngl prices and natural gas prices widens primarily as a result of its percent-of-proceeds contracts. the partnership's processing profitability is largely dependent upon pricing and the supply of and market demand for natural gas, ngls and condensate. pricing and supply are beyond its control and have been volatile. in a declining commodity price environment, without taking into account the partnership's hedges, the partnership will realize a reduction in cash flows under its percent-of-proceeds contracts proportionate to average price declines. due to the recent volatility in commodity prices, we are uncertain of what pricing and market demand for oil, condensate, ngls and natural gas will be throughout 2016, and, as a result, demand for the services that we provide may decrease. across the partnership's operations and particularly in the partnership's downstream business, the partnership benefits from long-term fee-based arrangements for its services, regardless of the actual volumes processed or delivered. the significant level of margin we derive from fee-based arrangements combined with the partnership's hedging arrangements helps to mitigate the partnership's exposure to commodity price movements. for additional information regarding the partnership's hedging activities, see "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk-commodity price risk."
volatile capital markets the partnership continuously considers and enters into discussions regarding potential acquisitions and growth projects, and identifies appropriate private and public capital sources for funding potential acquisitions and growth projects. any limitations on the partnership's access to capital may impair its ability to execute this strategy. if the cost of such capital becomes too expensive, the partnership's ability to develop or acquire strategic and accretive assets may be limited. the partnership may not be able to raise the necessary funds on satisfactory terms, if at all. the primary factors influencing the partnership's cost of borrowing include interest rates, credit spreads, covenants, underwriting or loan origination fees and similar charges it pays to lenders. these factors may impair the partnership's ability to execute its acquisition and growth strategy.
in addition, the partnership is experiencing increased competition for the types of assets it contemplates purchasing or developing. current economic conditions and competition for asset purchases and development opportunities could limit its ability to fully execute its acquisition and growth strategy.
increased regulation additional regulation in various areas has the potential to materially impact the partnership's operations and financial condition. for example, increased regulation of hydraulic fracturing and increased ghg emission regulations used by producers may cause reductions in supplies of natural gas, ngls, and crude oil from producers. please read "item 1a. risk factors-increased regulation of hydraulic fracturing could result in reductions or delays in drilling and completing new oil and natural gas wells, which could adversely impact the partnership's revenues by decreasing the volumes of natural gas, ngls or crude oil through its facilities and reducing the utilization of its assets." similarly, the forthcoming rules and regulations of the cftc may limit the partnership's ability or increase the cost to use derivatives, which could create more volatility and less predictability in its results of operations.
how we evaluate our operations our consolidated operations include the operations of the partnership due to our ownership and control of the general partner. we currently have no direct operating activities separate from those conducted by the partnership. our financial results differ from the partnership's due to the financial effects of: noncontrolling interests in the partnership, our separate debt obligations, certain non-operating costs associated with assets and liabilities that we retained and were not included in asset conveyances to the partnership, and certain general and administrative costs applicable to us as a separate public company. we monitor these non-partnership financial items to ensure proper reflection of the partnership and non-partnership results.
distributable cash flow management's primary measure of analyzing our performance is the non-gaap measure distributable cash flow.
we define distributable cash flow as distributions due to us from the partnership, less our specific general and administrative costs as a separate public reporting entity, the interest carrying costs associated with our debt and taxes attributable to our earnings. it excludes transaction costs related to acquisitions, losses on debt redemptions and amendments and non-cash interest expense. distributable cash flow is a significant performance metric used by us and by external users of our financial statements, such as investors, commercial banks, research analysts and others to compare basic cash flows generated by us to the cash dividends we expect to pay our shareholders. using this metric, management and external users of our financial statements can quickly compute the coverage ratio of estimated cash flows to planned cash dividends. distributable cash flow is also an important financial measure for our shareholders since it serves as an indicator of our success in providing a cash return on investment. specifically, this financial measure indicates to investors whether or not we are generating cash flow at a level that can sustain or support an increase in our quarterly dividend rates. distributable cash flow is also a quantitative standard used throughout the investment community because the share value is generally determined by the share's yield (which in turn is based on the amount of cash dividends the entity pays to a shareholder).
the economic substance behind our use of distributable cash flow is to measure the ability of our assets to generate cash flow sufficient to pay dividends to our investors.
the gaap measure most directly comparable to distributable cash flow is net income. distributable cash flow should not be considered as an alternative to gaap net income. distributable cash flow is not a presentation made in accordance with gaap and has important limitations as an analytical tool. investors should not consider distributable cash flow in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under gaap. because distributable cash flow excludes some, but not all, items that affect net income and is defined differently by different companies in our industry, our definition of distributable cash flow may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies, thereby diminishing its utility.
our non-gaap financial measures management compensates for the limitations of distributable cash flow as an analytical tool by reviewing the comparable gaap measure, understanding the differences between the measures and incorporating these insights into its decision making process.
targa resources corp. distributable cash flow distributions declared by targa resources partners lp associated with:
total distributions declared by targa resources partners lp                            243.2                                       190.8                 149.0
income (expenses) of trc non-partnership general and administrative expenses                                                     (8.1          )                             (8.2   )              (8.4   )
(2)   excludes $4.7 million of non-cash current tax expense arising from amortization of deferred long-term tax assets from drop down gains realized for tax purposes and paid in 2010 for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013.
(3)   current period portion of amount established at our ipo to fund taxes on deferred gains related to drop down transactions that were treated as sales for income tax purposes.
reconciliation of net income (loss) of targa resources corp. to distributable cash flow net income (loss) of targa resources corp.                                                        $(151.4   )             $423.0                 $201.3
less: net (income) loss of targa resources partners lp                                               59.3                 (505.1   )             (258.6   )
transaction costs related to business acquisitions (1)                                                8.1                      -                      -
(1)   the definition of distributable cash flow was revised in 2015 to adjust for transaction costs related to business acquisitions and non-cash interest expense.
(2)   excludes $4.7 million of non-cash current tax expense arising from amortization of deferred long-term tax assets from drop down gains realized for tax purposes and paid in 2010 for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013.
(3)   current period portion of amount established at our ipo to fund taxes on deferred gains related to drop down transactions that were treated as sales for income tax purposes.
how we evaluate the partnership's operations the partnership's profitability of its business segments is a function of the difference between: (i) the revenues the partnership receives from its operations, including fee-based revenues from services and revenues from the natural gas, ngls, crude oil and condensate the partnership sells, and (ii) the costs associated with conducting the partnership's operations, including the costs of wellhead natural gas, crude oil and mixed ngls that the partnership purchases as well as operating, general and administrative costs and the impact of commodity hedging activities. because commodity price movements tend to impact both revenues and costs, increases or decreases in the partnership's revenues alone are not necessarily indicative of increases or decreases in its profitability. the partnership's contract portfolio, the prevailing pricing environment for crude oil, natural gas and ngls, and the volumes of crude oil, natural gas and ngl throughput on its systems are important factors in determining its profitability. the partnership's profitability is also affected by the ngl content in gathered wellhead natural gas, supply and demand for its products and services, utilization of its assets and changes in its customer mix.
the partnership's profitability is also impacted by fee-based revenues. the partnership's growth strategy, based on expansion of existing facilities as well as third-party acquisitions of businesses and assets, has increased the percentage of our revenues that are fee-based. fixed fees for services such as fractionation, storage, terminaling and crude oil gathering are not directly tied to changes in market prices for commodities.
management uses a variety of financial measures and operational measurements to analyze the partnership's performance. these include: (1) throughput volumes, facility efficiencies and fuel consumption, (2) operating expenses, (3) capital expenditures and (4) the following non-gaap measures: gross margin, operating margin, adjusted ebitda and distributable cash flow.
throughput volumes, facility efficiencies and fuel consumption the partnership's profitability is impacted by its ability to add new sources of natural gas supply and crude oil supply to offset the natural decline of existing volumes from oil and natural gas wells that are connected to its gathering and processing systems. this is achieved by connecting new wells and adding new volumes in existing areas of production, as well as by capturing crude oil and natural gas supplies currently gathered by third-parties. similarly, the partnership's profitability is impacted by its ability to add new sources of mixed ngl supply, typically connected by third-party transportation, to its downstream business' fractionation facilities. the partnership fractionates ngls generated by its gathering and processing plants, as well as by contracting for mixed ngl supply from third-party facilities.
in addition, the partnership seeks to increase operating margin by limiting volume losses, reducing fuel consumption and by increasing efficiency. with its gathering systems' extensive use of remote monitoring capabilities, the partnership monitors the volumes received at the wellhead or central delivery points along its gathering systems, the volume of natural gas received at its processing plant inlets and the volumes of ngls and residue natural gas recovered by its processing plants. the partnership also monitors the volumes of ngls received, stored, fractionated and delivered across its logistics assets. this information is tracked through its processing plants and downstream business facilities to determine customer settlements for sales and volume related fees for service and helps the partnership increase efficiency and reduces fuel consumption.
as part of monitoring the efficiency of its operations, the partnership measures the difference between the volume of natural gas received at the wellhead or central delivery points on its gathering systems and the volume received at the inlet of its processing plants as an indicator of fuel consumption and line loss. the partnership also tracks the difference between the volume of natural gas received at the inlet of the processing plant and the ngls and residue gas produced at the outlet of such plant to monitor the fuel consumption and recoveries of its facilities. similar tracking is performed for its crude oil gathering and logistics assets. these volume, recovery and fuel consumption measurements are an important part of the partnership's operational efficiency analysis and safety programs.
operating expenses operating expenses are costs associated with the operation of specific assets. labor, contract services, repair and maintenance, utilities and ad valorem taxes comprise the most significant portion of the partnership's operating expenses. these expenses, other than fuel and power, generally remain relatively stable and independent of the volumes through its systems, but fluctuate depending on the scope of the activities performed during a specific period.
capital expenditures capital projects associated with growth and maintenance projects are closely monitored. return on investment is analyzed before a capital project is approved, spending is closely monitored throughout the development of the project, and the subsequent operational performance is compared to the assumptions used in the economic analysis performed for the capital investment approval. the partnership has seen a substantial increase in its total capital spent since 2010 and currently has significant internal growth projects.
gross margin the partnership defines gross margin as revenues less purchases. it is impacted by volumes and commodity prices as well as by the partnership's contract mix and commodity hedging program. the partnership defines gathering and processing gross margin as total operating revenues from (1) the sale of natural gas, condensate, crude oil and ngls and (2) natural gas and crude oil gathering and service fee revenues less product purchases, which consist primarily of producer payments and other natural gas and crude oil purchases. logistics assets gross margin consists primarily of service fee revenue. gross margin for marketing and distribution equals total revenue from service fees, ngl and natural gas sales, less cost of sales, which consists primarily of ngl and natural gas purchases, transportation costs and changes in inventory valuation. the gross margin impacts of cash flow hedge settlements are reported in other.
operating margin the partnership defines operating margin as gross margin less operating expenses. operating margin is an important performance measure of the core profitability of the partnership's operations.
management reviews business segment gross margin and operating margin monthly as a core internal management process. we believe that investors benefit from having access to the same financial measures that management uses in evaluating the partnership's operating results. gross margin and operating margin provide useful information to investors because they are used as supplemental financial measures by management and by external users of the partnership's financial statements, including investors and commercial banks, to assess:
·   the financial performance of the partnership's assets without regard to financing methods, capital structure or historical cost basis;
·   the partnership's operating performance and return on capital as compared to other companies in the midstream energy sector, without regard to financing or capital structure; and
·   the viability of acquisitions and capital expenditure projects and the overall rates of return on alternative investment opportunities.
gross margin and operating margin are non-gaap measures. the gaap measure most directly comparable to gross margin and operating margin is net income. gross margin and operating margin are not alternatives to gaap net income and have important limitations as analytical tools. investors should not consider gross margin and operating margin in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of the partnership's results as reported under gaap. because gross margin and operating margin exclude some, but not all, items that affect net income and are defined differently by different companies in our industry, the partnership's definition of gross margin and operating margin may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies, thereby diminishing their utility.
management compensates for the limitations of gross margin and operating margin as analytical tools by reviewing the comparable gaap measures, understanding the differences between the measures and incorporating these insights into its decision-making processes.
adjusted ebitda the partnership defines adjusted ebitda as net income attributable to targa resources partners lp before: interest; income taxes; depreciation and amortization; impairment of goodwill; gains or losses on debt repurchases, redemptions, amendments, exchanges and early debt extinguishments and asset disposals; risk management activities related to derivative instruments including the cash impact of hedges acquired in the apl merger; non-cash compensation on partnership equity grants; transaction costs related to business acquisitions; earnings/losses from unconsolidated affiliates net of distributions, distributions from preferred interests and the noncontrolling interest portion of depreciation and amortization expenses. adjusted ebitda is used as a supplemental financial measure by the partnership and by external users of its financial statements such as investors, commercial banks and others. the economic substance behind the partnership's use of adjusted ebitda is to measure the ability of its assets to generate cash sufficient to pay interest costs, support its indebtedness and make distributions to its investors.
adjusted ebitda is a non-gaap financial measure. the gaap measures most directly comparable to adjusted ebitda are net cash provided by operating activities and net income attributable to targa resources partners lp. adjusted ebitda should not be considered as an alternative to gaap net cash provided by operating activities or gaap net income. adjusted ebitda has important limitations as an analytical tool. investors should not consider adjusted ebitda in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of the partnership's results as reported under gaap. because adjusted ebitda excludes some, but not all, items that affect net income and net cash provided by operating activities and is defined differently by different companies in the partnership's industry, the partnership's definition of adjusted ebitda may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies, thereby diminishing its utility.
management compensates for the limitations of adjusted ebitda as an analytical tool by reviewing the comparable gaap measures, understanding the differences between the measures and incorporating these insights into its decision-making processes.
distributable cash flow the partnership defines distributable cash flow as net income attributable to targa resources partners lp plus depreciation and amortization, impairment of goodwill; deferred taxes and amortization of debt issuance costs included in interest expense, adjusted for non-cash risk management activities related to derivative instruments including the cash impact of hedges acquired in the apl merger; debt repurchases, redemptions, amendments, exchanges and early debt extinguishments, non-cash compensation on partnership equity grants, changes in fair value of contingent consideration and mandatorily redeemable preferred interests, transaction costs related to business acquisitions, earnings/losses from unconsolidated affiliates net of distributions and asset disposals and less maintenance capital expenditures (net of any reimbursements of project costs). this measure includes any impact of noncontrolling interests.
distributable cash flow is a significant performance metric used by the partnership and by external users of the partnership's financial statements, such as investors, commercial banks and research analysts, to compare basic cash flows generated by the partnership (prior to the establishment of any retained cash reserves by the board of directors of its general partner) to the cash distributions the partnership expects to pay the partnership's limited partners. using this metric, the partnership's management and external users of its financial statements can quickly compute the coverage ratio of estimated cash flows to cash distributions. distributable cash flow is also an important financial measure for the partnership's limited partners since it serves as an indicator of the partnership's success in providing a cash return on investment. specifically, this financial measure indicates to investors whether or not the partnership is generating cash flow at a level that can sustain or support an increase in the partnership's quarterly distribution rates. distributable cash flow is also a quantitative standard used throughout the investment community with respect to publicly-traded partnerships and limited liability companies because the value of a unit of such an entity is generally determined by the unit's yield (which in turn is based on the amount of cash distributions the entity pays to a limited partner).
distributable cash flow is a non-gaap financial measure. the gaap measure most directly comparable to distributable cash flow is net income attributable to targa resources partners lp. distributable cash flow should not be considered as an alternative to gaap net income attributable to targa resources partners lp. it has important limitations as an analytical tool. investors should not consider distributable cash flow in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of the partnership's results as reported under gaap. because distributable cash flow excludes some, but not all, items that affect net income and is defined differently by different companies in the partnership's industry, the partnership's definition of distributable cash flow may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies, thereby diminishing its utility.
management compensates for the limitations of distributable cash flow as an analytical tool by reviewing the comparable gaap measure, understanding the differences between the measures and incorporating these insights into its decision-making processes.
the partnership's non-gaap financial measures the following tables reconcile the non-gaap financial measures of the partnership used by management to the most directly comparable gaap measures for the periods indicated:
reconciliation of targa resources partners lp gross margin and operating margin to net net income (loss):
operating expenses                                                                                                      (504.6   )               (433.0   )              (376.2   )
operating margin                                                                                                       1,281.0                  1,136.6                   801.5
provisional goodwill impairment                                                                                         (290.0   )                    -                       -
gain (loss) on sale or disposition of assets                                                                               8.0                      4.8                    (3.9   )
change in contingent consideration                                                                                         1.2                        -                    15.3
reconciliation of net income (loss) to adjusted ebitda net income (loss) attributable to targa resources partners lp                                $(27.4   )            $467.7                $233.5
provisional goodwill impairment                                                               290.0                     -                     -
(gain) loss on sale or disposition of assets                                                   (8.0   )              (4.8   )               3.9
change in contingent consideration                                                             (1.2   )                 -                 (15.3   )
transaction costs related to business acquisitions (1)                                         19.2                     -                     -
risk management activities                                                                     64.8                   4.7                  (0.5   )
noncontrolling interests adjustment (2)                                                       (69.7   )             (14.0   )             (12.6   )
targa resources partners lp adjusted ebitda                                                $1,191.2                $970.3                $635.2
(1)   the definition of adjusted ebitda was revised in 2014 to exclude non-cash compensation on equity grants and in 2015 to exclude earnings from unconsolidated investments net of distributions and transaction costs related to business acquisitions.
(2)   noncontrolling interest portion of depreciation and amortization expenses and impairment of goodwill.
reconciliation of net cash provided by targa resources partners lp operating activities to adjusted ebitda:
net cash provided by operating activities                                                                              $1,083.9                $838.5                $411.4
transaction costs related to business acquisitions (2)                                                                     19.2                     -                     -
changes in operating assets and liabilities which used (provided) cash:
targa resources partners lp adjusted ebitda                                                                            $1,191.2                $970.3                $635.2
(1)   includes amortization of debt issuance costs, discount and premium.
(2)   the definition of adjusted ebitda was revised in 2014 to exclude non-cash compensation on equity grants and in 2015 to exclude earnings from unconsolidated investments net of distributions and transaction costs related to business acquisitions.
(3)   includes accretion expense associated with asset retirement obligations, gain or loss on financing activities, noncontrolling interest portion of depreciation and amortization expenses, and impairment of goodwill.
reconciliation of net income (loss) to distributable cash flow:
net income (loss) attributable to targa resources partners lp              $(27.4   )            $467.7                $233.5
provisional goodwill impairment                                             290.0                     -                     -
deferred income tax expense (benefit)                                        (0.2   )               1.6                   0.9
change in redemption value of other long term liabilities                   (30.6   )                 -                     -
change in contingent consideration                                           (1.2   )                 -                 (15.3   )
(gain) loss on sale or disposition of assets                                 (8.0   )              (4.8   )               3.9
risk management activities                                                   64.8                   4.7                  (0.5   )
maintenance capital expenditures                                            (97.9   )             (79.1   )             (79.9   )
transactions costs related to business acquisitions (2)                      19.2                     -                     -
targa resources partners lp distributable cash flow                        $867.8                $763.2                $446.3
(1)   includes amortization of debt issuance costs, discount and premium.
(2)   the definition of distributable cash flow was revised in 2014 to exclude non-cash compensation on equity grants and in 2015 to exclude earnings from unconsolidated investments net of distributions and transaction costs related to business acquisitions.
(3)   includes the noncontrolling interests portion of maintenance capital expenditures, depreciation and amortization expenses and impairment of goodwill.
financial information - partnership versus non-partnership as a supplement to the financial statements included in this annual report, we present the following tables, which segregate our consolidated balance sheets, results of operations and statement of cash flows between partnership and non-partnership activities. partnership results are presented the same basis reported in the partnership's annual report on form 10-k. except when otherwise noted, the remainder of this management's discussion and analysis refers to these disaggregated results.
resources                 resources              partnership                 resources                 resources              partnership corp.               partners lp                                              corp.               partners lp consolidated                                                                 consolidated
assets from risk management activities                              92.2                      92.2                        -                      44.4                      44.4                        -
long-term assets from risk management activities                    34.9                      34.9                        -                      15.8                      15.8                        -
liabilities from risk management activities                          5.2                       5.2                        -                       5.2                       5.2                        -
long-term liabilities from risk management activities                2.4                       2.4                        -                         -                         -                        -
the major non-partnership balance sheet items relate to:
(1)   corporate assets consisting of cash and prepaid insurance.
(2)   other long-term assets primarily consists of investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries, long-term debt issuance costs and long-term pre-paid tax assets related to gains on 2010 drop-down transactions recognized as sales of assets for tax purposes.
(4)   receivable related to intercompany billings arising from our providing management, commercial, operational, financial and administrative services to the partnership.
(6)   long-term liabilities related to trc incentive compensation plans and deferred rent related to the headquarters' office lease.
results of operations - partnership versus non-partnership year ended december 31,
resources               resources          partnership                    resources               resources          partnership                   resources               resources            partnership corp.                partners                                             corp.                partners                                            corp.                partners consolidated                      lp                                      consolidated                      lp                                     consolidated                      lp
operating expenses                                                            504.6                   504.6                       -                     433.1                   433.0          0.1                               376.3                   376.2                    0.1
provisional goodwill impairment                                               290.0                   290.0                       -                         -                       -                      -                         -                       -                      -
other operating (income) expense                                               (7.1   )                (7.1   )                   -                      (3.0   )                (3.0   )                  -                       9.6                     9.6                      -
the major non-partnership results of operations relate to:
(1)   amortization of aoci related to versado hedges dropped down to the partnership, and aoci related to terminated hedges (fully amortized during 2013).
(5)   includes losses recorded on debt repurchases, redemptions, amendments and exchanges related to trp debt obligations.
(8)   trc noncontrolling interests in the net income of the partnership.
statements of cash flows - partnership versus non-partnership year ended december 31,
resources                resources             partnership                  resources                resources             partnership                  resources                resources            partnership corp.                 partners                                              corp.                 partners                                              corp.                 partners consolidated                       lp                                       consolidated                       lp                                       consolidated                       lp
cash flows from operating activities net income (loss)                                                                                       $(151.4   )               $(59.3   )              $(92.1   )                 $423.0                   $505.1                  $(82.1   )                 $201.3                   $258.6                 $(57.3   )
adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities:
provisional goodwill impairment                                                                           290.0                    290.0                       -                          -                        -                       -                          -                        -                      -
accretion of asset retirement obligations                                                                   5.3                      5.3                       -                        4.5                      4.4                     0.1                        4.0                      3.9                    0.1
change in redemption value of other long-term liabilities                                                 (30.6   )                (30.6   )                   -                          -                        -                       -                          -                        -                      -
equity (earnings) loss of unconsolidated affiliates                                                         2.5                      2.5                       -                      (18.0   )                (18.0   )                   -                      (14.8   )                (14.8   )                  -
risk management activities (5)                                                                             71.1                     71.1                       -                        4.7                      4.7                    (0.0   )                   (0.3   )                 (0.5   )                0.2
(gain) loss on sale of assets                                                                              (8.0   )                 (8.0   )                   -                       (4.8   )                 (4.8   )                   -                        3.9                      3.9                      -
changes in operating assets and liabilities (6)                                                            89.9                     95.8                    (5.9   )                  (50.7   )                (51.8   )                 1.1                     (144.5   )               (160.4   )               15.9
net cash provided by (used in) operating activities                                                     1,034.7                  1,083.9                   (49.2   )                  761.8                    838.5                   (76.7   )                  382.7                    411.4                  (28.7   )
business acquisitions, net of cash acquired (7)                                                        (1,574.4   )               (828.7   )              (745.7   )                      -                        -                       -                          -                        -                      -
return of capital from unconsolidated affiliate                                                             1.2                      1.2                       -                        5.7                      5.7                       -                          -                        -                      -
issuance of senior notes                                                                                1,700.0                  1,700.0                       -                      800.0                    800.0                       -                      625.0                    625.0                      -
redemption of senior notes                                                                                (14.3   )                (14.3   )                   -                     (259.8   )               (259.8   )                   -                     (183.2   )               (183.2   )                  -
redemption of apl senior notes                                                                         (1,168.8   )             (1,168.8   )                   -                          -                        -                       -                          -                        -                      -
proceeds from issuance of senior term loan                                                                422.5                        -                   422.5                          -                        -                       -                          -                        -                      -
proceeds from sale of common and preferred units of the partnership (8)                                   443.6                    503.7                   (60.1   )                  412.7                    420.4                    (7.7   )                  524.7                    535.5                  (10.8   )
repurchase of common units under partnership compensation plans                                            (5.5   )                 (5.5   )                   -                       (4.8   )                 (4.8   )                   -                          -                        -                      -
payment of distribution equivalent rights                                                                  (2.8   )                 (2.8   )                   -                       (1.6   )                 (1.6   )                   -                          -                        -                      -
proceeds from sale of common stock                                                                        336.8                        -                   336.8                          -                        -                       -                          -                        -                      -
repurchase of common stock                                                                                 (3.3   )                    -                    (3.3   )                   (2.6   )                    -                    (2.6   )                  (13.3   )                    -                  (13.3   )
excess tax benefit from stock-based awards                                                                  1.1                        -                     1.1                        1.0                        -                     1.0                        1.6                        -                    1.6
net change in cash and cash equivalents                                                                    59.2                     63.1                    (3.9   )                   14.3                     14.8                    (0.5   )                   (9.6   )                (10.5   )                0.9
cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period                                                             81.0                     72.3                     8.7                       66.7                     57.5                     9.2                       76.3                     68.0                    8.3
cash and cash equivalents, end of period                                                                 $140.2                   $135.4                    $4.8                      $81.0                    $72.3                    $8.7                      $66.7                    $57.5                   $9.2
the major non-partnership cash flow items relate to:
(6)   see balance sheets - partnership versus non-partnership for a description of the non-partnership operating assets and liabilities.
(7)   cash consideration of trc merger with atls.
consolidated results of operations the following table and discussion is a summary of our consolidated results of operations:
($ in millions, except operating statistics and price amounts)
revenues sales of commodities                                                         $5,465.4                   $7,595.2                  5,728.0                   $(2,129.8    )             28    %              $1,867.2                  75   %
fees from midstream services                                                  1,193.2                    1,021.3                    586.7                       171.9                  17    %                 434.6                  57   %
operating expenses                                                              504.6                      433.1                    376.3                        71.5                  17    %                  56.8                  87   %
operating margin (2)                                                          1,281.0                    1,136.5                    801.2                       144.5                  13    %                 335.3                  70   %
provisional goodwill impairment                                                 290.0                          -                        -                       290.0                  nm                          -                  nm other operating (income) expenses                                                (7.1    )                  (3.0    )                 9.6                        (4.1    )            137    %                 (12.6    )             nm income from operations                                                          159.3                      640.5                    368.2                      (481.2    )             75    %                 272.3                  57   %
income tax (expense) benefit                                                    (39.6    )                 (68.0    )               (48.2    )                   28.4                  42    %                 (19.8    )             71   %
operating statistics:
(1)   gross margin is a non-gaap financial measure and is discussed under "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - how we evaluate the partnership's operations."
(2)   operating margin is a non-gaap financial measure and is discussed under "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - how we evaluate the partnership's operations."
(3)   plant natural gas inlet represents the volume of natural gas passing through the meter located at the inlet of a natural gas processing plant, other than in badlands, where it represents total wellhead gathered volume.
(5)   these volume statistics are presented with the numerator as the total volume sold during the quarter and the denominator as the number of calendar days during the quarter.
(6)   export volumes represent the quantity of ngl products delivered to third-party customers at our galena park marine terminal that are destined for international markets.
revenues from commodity sales declined as the effect of significantly lower commodity prices ($6,318.1 million) exceeded the favorable impacts of inclusion of ten months of operations of tpl ($1,260.5 million), other volume increases ($2,934.0 million), and favorable hedge settlements ($84.2 million). fee-based and other revenues increased due to the inclusion of tpl's fee revenue ($179.7 million), which were partially offset by lower export fees.
offsetting lower commodity revenues was a commensurate reduction in product purchases due to significantly lower commodity costs ($3,280.0 million). 2015 also included product purchases related to tpl's operations ($1,106.1 million).
the higher gross margin in 2015 was attributable to inclusion of tpl operations, increased throughput related to other system expansions in our field gathering and processing segment, recognition of a renegotiated commercial contract and increased terminaling and storage fees, partially offset by lower fractionation and export margin in our logistics and marketing segments. higher operating expenses are due to the inclusion of tpl's operations ($101.6 million), which more than offset the cost savings generated throughout our other operating areas ($30.0 million). see "-results of operations-by reportable segment" for additional information regarding changes in gross margin and operating margin on a segment basis.
the increase in depreciation and amortization expenses reflects the impact of tpl, the planned increased amortization of the badlands intangible assets and growth investments placed in service after 2014, including the international export expansion project, continuing development at badlands and other system expansions. during 2015, we recorded an additional $32.6 million charge to depreciation to reflect an impairment of certain gas processing facilities and associated gathering systems in the coastal gathering and processing segment as a result of reduced forecasted processing volumes due to current market conditions and processing spreads in louisiana.
higher general and administrative expense are due to the inclusion of tpl general and administrative costs ($32.1 million), which was partially offset by other general and administrative reductions ($18.1 million), primarily from lower compensation and related costs.
the increase in other operating gains during 2015 was primarily related to higher gains on sales of assets.
during 2015, we recognized a provisional loss of $290.0 million associated with the provisional impairment of goodwill in our field and gathering segment.
the increase in net interest expense primarily reflects higher borrowings attributable to the apl mergers and lower capitalized interest associated with major capital projects compared to 2014. these factors were partially offset by the change in the non-cash redemption value ($30.6 million) of the mandatorily redeemable preferred interests in the partnership's westtx and westok joint ventures acquired in the atlas mergers.
during 2015, the loss on financing activities was due primarily to the repayment of $270.0 million of the trc term loan, which resulting in a write-off of $5.7 million of unamortized discounts and $7.2 million of deferred debt issuance costs associated with this repayment. these charges were partially offset by the partnership's $3.6 million gain on repurchase of debt, partially offset by $0.7 million expenses incurred for the apl notes exchange offer. in 2014, the loss on financing activities was due to the partnership's redemption of its 77⁄8% senior notes.
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests decreased due to lower earnings in 2015 at our joint ventures: cedar bayou fractionators, vesco, and versado. the inclusion of noncontrolling interest from tpl's centrahoma joint venture, which included their portion of the goodwill impairment, also decreased the net income attributable to noncontrolling interests.
our effective tax rate has not changed period over period. the decrease in 2015 current income tax expense is primarily due to the reduction of taxable income as a result of increased depreciation and amortization deductions from the atlas mergers, including the tax amortization of the special gp interest. the increase in deferred taxes is primarily attributable to book/tax differences in depreciation and amortization of atlas fixed assets.
higher revenues, including the impact of hedging (a $29.4 million decrease to revenues), were primarily due to higher ngl volumes ($1,778.6 million), higher fee-based and other revenues ($438.1 million) and higher natural gas commodity sales prices ($201.4 million), partially offset by lower ngl and condensate prices ($65.6 million).
higher gross margin in 2014 reflects increased export activities and higher fractionation fees in our logistics and marketing segments and increased field gathering and processing throughput volumes associated with system expansions and increased producer activity, as well as higher natural gas prices. this significant growth in our asset base brought a higher level of operating expenses in 2014. see "-results of operations-by reportable segment" for additional information regarding changes in gross margin and operating margin on a segment basis.
the increase in depreciation and amortization expenses reflects increased amortization of the badlands intangible assets and higher depreciation related to major organic investments placed in service, including continuing development at badlands, the international export expansion project, high plains and longhorn plants, cbf train 4 and other system expansions.
general and administrative expenses were slightly lower due to the effect of lower non-cash expenses related to periodic valuations of unvested long term incentive plan awards, which offset increases in other overhead costs.
the increase in other operating income primarily relates to an insurance settlement in 2014 compared to losses on asset disposals recorded in 2013.
the increase in interest expense reflects higher outstanding borrowings and lower capitalized interest allocated to our major expansion projects, partially offset by lower overall interest rates.
losses from financing activities reflect premiums paid and the write-off of associated unamortized debt issuance costs related to the redemptions of our 77⁄8% notes in 2014 and the outstanding balance of the 111⁄4% notes and $100 million of our 63⁄8% notes in 2013.
other expense in 2014 was primarily attributable to transaction costs related to the pending atlas mergers. in 2013 we recorded a gain from the elimination of a contingent consideration liability associated with the badlands acquisition.
results of operations-by reportable segment we have segregated the following segment operating margins between partnership and trc non-partnership activities.
field                 coastal               logistics           marketing               other              trc non-               consolidated gathering             gathering             assets              and                                        partnership            operating and                   and                                       distribution                                                      margin processing            processing
results of operations of the partnership - by reportable segment gathering and processing segments field gathering and processing
operating expenses                                    275.5              190.9              165.2                  84.6                  44   %              25.7                  16   %
operating margin                                     $484.8             $372.3             $270.5                $112.5                  30   %            $101.8                  38   %
operating statistics (1):
(1)   segment operating statistics include the effect of intersegment amounts, which have been eliminated from the consolidated presentation. for all volume statistics presented, the numerator is the total volume sold during the quarter and the denominator is the number of calendar days during the quarter, including the volumes related to plants acquired in the apl merger.
(2)   plant natural gas inlet represents our undivided interest in the volume of natural gas passing through the meter located at the inlet of a natural gas processing plant.
(5)   includes wellhead gathered volumes moved from sand hills via pipeline to saou for processing.
(6)   operations acquired as part of the apl merger effective february 27, 2015.
(9)   average realized prices exclude the impact of hedging activities presented in other.
the increase in gross margin was primarily due to the inclusion of the tpl volumes along with other volume increases partially offset by significantly lower commodity prices. the increases in plant inlet volumes at saou, sand hills (see footnote (5) above) and versado were driven by system expansions and by increased producer activity which increased available supply across our areas of operation partially offset by reduced producer activity and volumes in north texas. 2015 benefited from a full year operations of the longhorn plant in north texas, the high plains plant in saou and the little missouri 3 plant in badlands. badlands crude oil and natural gas volumes increased significantly due to plant and system expansion and increased producer activity.
excluding the addition of operating expenses for tpl, operating expenses for other areas were significantly lower, even with system expansions, due to focused cost reduction efforts.
gross margin improvements in our field gathering and processing segment were fueled by throughput increases and higher natural gas sales prices partially offset by lower ngl and condensate sales prices and the impact of severe cold weather in the first quarter of 2014. the increase in plant inlet volumes was driven by system expansions and by increased producer activity which increased available supply across our areas of operation. gross margin in 2014 also benefited from the second quarter start-up of commercial operations at the longhorn plant in north texas and the high plains plant in saou. badlands crude oil and natural gas volumes increased significantly due to producer activities and system expansion. higher ngl sales reflect similar factors.
higher operating expenses were primarily driven by volume growth and system expansions and included additional labor costs, ad valorem taxes and compression and system maintenance expenses.
gross operating statistics compared to actual reported the table below provides a reconciliation between gross operating statistics and the actual reported operating statistics for the field gathering and processing segment:
operating statistics:
(3)                                               (3)                                      adjustment                     reported
(1)   plant natural gas inlet represents the volume of natural gas passing through the meter located at the inlet of a natural gas processing plant.
(3)   for these volume statistics presented, the numerator is the total volume sold during the year and the denominator is the number of calendar days during the year, other than for the volumes related to the apl merger, for which the denominator is 306 days.
(5)   timing adjustment made to the pro forma statistics to adjust for the actual reported statistics based on the full period.
(6)   operations acquired as part of the apl merger effective february 27, 2015.
(7)   operating results for the westtx undivided interest assets are presented on a pro-rata net basis in our reported financials.
(8)   versado is a consolidated subsidiary and its financial results are presented on a gross basis in our reported financials.
(9)   southok includes the centrahoma joint venture, of which tpl owns 60% and other plants which are owned 100% by tpl. centrahoma is a consolidated subsidiary and its financial results are presented on a gross basis in our reported financials.
coastal gathering and processing
operating expenses                               39.5                   46.2                   46.9                 (6.7   )              15   %             (0.7   )               1   %
operating margin                                $30.3                  $77.6                  $85.4         $(47.3         )              61   %            $(7.8   )               9   %
operating statistics (1):
(1)   segment operating statistics include intersegment amounts, which have been eliminated from the consolidated presentation. for all volume statistics presented, the numerator is the total volume during the applicable reporting period and the denominator is the number of calendar days during the applicable reporting period.
(2)   plant natural gas inlet represents the volume of natural gas passing through the meter located at the inlet of a natural gas processing plant.
the decrease in coastal gathering and processing gross margin was primarily due to lower ngl prices, a less favorable frac spread and lower throughput volumes partially offset by new volumes at lou and vesco with higher average gpm.
operating expenses decreased primarily due to reduced volumes and lower plant run-time due to current market conditions.
the decrease in coastal gathering and processing gross margin was primarily due to lower ngl sales prices, less favorable frac spreads and lower throughput volumes partially offset by new volumes at vesco with higher gpm and the availability of short-term higher gpm off-system volumes at lou. the overall decrease in plant inlet volumes was largely attributable to the decline of leaner off-system supply volumes and the idling of the big lake plant in november 2014 due to market conditions. gross ngl production at vesco during 2013 was impacted by a third-party ngl takeaway pipeline volume constraint.
operating expenses were relatively flat.
logistics and marketing segments logistics assets
operating expenses (1)                    174.4              168.2              125.9               6.2                   4   %           42.3                  34   %
operating margin                         $439.5             $445.1             $282.3             $(5.6   )               1   %         $162.8                  58   %
operating statistics mbbl/d(2):
(1)   fractionation and treating contracts include pricing terms composed of base fees and fuel and power components which vary with the cost of energy. as such, the logistics segment results include effects of variable energy costs that impact both gross margin and operating expenses.
(2)   segment operating statistics include intersegment amounts, which have been eliminated from the consolidated presentation. for all volume statistics presented, the numerator is the total volume sold during the year and the denominator is the number of calendar days during the year.
(3)   fractionation volumes reflect those volumes delivered and settled under fractionation contracts.
logistics assets gross margin was flat due to the recognition of the renegotiated commercial arrangements related to our channelview splitter project and increased terminaling and storage activities offset by lower lpg export and fractionation margins. slightly higher lpg export volumes (which are reflected in both the logistics assets and marketing and distribution segments), averaged 183 mbbl/d in 2015 compared to 177 mbbl/d last year.
fractionation gross margin was lower due to the variable effects of fuel and power, which are largely reflected in lower operating expenses (see footnote (1) above), and by a decrease in supply volume. terminaling and storage volumes increased due to higher customer throughput.
operating expenses increased due to lower system product gains and higher maintenance, partially offset by lower fuel and power expense and lower export-related costs.
logistics assets gross margin was significantly higher due to increased lpg export activity and increased fractionation activities, despite the increasing impact of ethane rejection. lpg export volumes, which benefit both the logistics assets and marketing and distribution segments, averaged 177 mbbl/d in 2014 compared to 67 mbbl/d for 2013. this increase was driven by phase i of our international export expansion project coming on-line in september 2013 and phase ii coming on-line during the second quarter and third quarter of 2014. higher fractionation volumes were primarily due to cbf train 4, which became operational in the third quarter of 2013. treating volumes improved in 2014 compared to 2013 due to higher customer throughput. terminaling and storage activity also increased, and capacity reservation fees were higher.
higher operating expenses reflect the expansion of our export and fractionation facilities, and increased fuel and power costs. partially offsetting these factors were higher system product gains in 2014.
marketing and distribution
operating expenses                   41.6               48.4               43.3                (6.8   )              14   %              5.1                  12   %
operating margin                   $242.2             $249.6             $141.9         $(7.4         )               3   %           $107.7                  76   %
operating statistics (1):
(1)   segment operating statistics include intersegment amounts, which have been eliminated from the consolidated presentation. for all volume statistics presented, the numerator is the total volume sold during the applicable reporting period and the denominator is the number of calendar days during the applicable reporting period.
marketing and distribution gross margin decreased primarily due to a lower price environment and the expiration and recognition of a contract settlement in 2014. the lower gross margin was partially offset by higher lpg export margin, higher marketing gains and higher terminal activity. slightly higher lpg export volumes are reflected in both the logistics assets and marketing and distribution segments.
operating expenses decreased due to lower barge expense and lower terminal expense.
marketing and distribution gross margin increased primarily due to higher lpg export activity (which benefits both logistics assets and marketing and distribution segments), higher wholesale and ngl marketing activities, higher terminal activity, higher barge utilization including an increased barge fleet, and increased refinery services. gross margin was partially offset by lower truck utilization and a reduced benefit associated with a contract settlement.
operating expenses increased primarily due to higher terminal activity, higher barge and railcar utilization partially offset by lower truck utilization.
operating margin         $84.2          $(8.0     )         $21.4                   $92.2         $(29.4            )
other contains the results (including any hedge ineffectiveness) of commodity derivative activities included in operating margin and mark-to-market gain/losses related to derivative contracts that were not designated as cash-flow hedges. eliminations of inter-segment transactions are reflected in the corporate and eliminations column. the primary purpose of our commodity risk management activities is to mitigate a portion of the impact of commodity prices on our operating cash flow. we have hedged the commodity price associated with a portion of our expected (i) natural gas equity volumes in field gathering and processing operations and (ii) ngl and condensate equity volumes predominately in field gathering and processing as well as in the lou portion of the coastal gathering and processing operations that result from percent of proceeds or liquid processing arrangements by entering into derivative instruments. because we are essentially forward-selling a portion of our plant equity volumes, these hedge positions will move favorably in periods of falling commodity prices and unfavorably in periods of rising commodity prices.
the following table provides a breakdown of the change in other operating margin:
ineffectiveness (3)                                                                0.9                                                             0.1                                                                      0.1
(1)   the price spread is the differential between the contracted derivative instrument pricing and the price of the corresponding settled commodity transaction.
(2)   mark-to-market income (loss) associated with derivative contracts that are not designated as hedges for accounting purposes.
(3)   ineffectiveness primarily relates to certain crude hedging contracts and certain acquired hedges of apl that do not qualify for hedge accounting.
as part of the atlas mergers, outstanding apl derivative contracts with a fair value of $102.1 million as of the acquisition date were novated to the partnership and included in the acquisition date fair value of assets acquired. derivative settlements of $67.9 million related to these novated contracts were received during the year ended december 31, 2015 and were reflected as a reduction of the acquisition date fair value of the apl derivative assets acquired, with no effect on results of operations.
our liquidity and capital resources we have no separate, direct operating activities apart from those conducted by the partnership. as such, our ability to finance our operations, including payment of dividends to our common stockholders, funding capital expenditures and acquisitions, or to meet our indebtedness obligations, will depend on cash inflows from future cash distributions to us from our interests in the partnership. the partnership is required to distribute all available cash, defined in the partnership agreement, at the end of each quarter after establishing reserves to provide for the proper conduct of its business or to provide for future distributions. see "part ii - other information- item 1a. risk factors" in our annual report. as of february 15, 2016, our interest in the partnership consisted of the following:
·   a 2% general partner interest, which we hold through our 100% ownership interest in the general partner of the partnership;
·   all of the outstanding idrs;
·   16,309,594 of the 184,899,602 outstanding common units of the partnership, representing a 8.8% outstanding common units of the partnership; and
as a result of the trc/trp merger, which was completed on february 17, 2016, we own all of the outstanding trp common units. we issued 114,637,753 of our common shares to trp unitholders as a result of this transaction.
our future cash flows will consist of distributions to us from our interests in the partnership. these cash distributions to us should provide sufficient resources to fund our operations, long-term debt obligations, and tax obligations for at least the next twelve months. based on the anticipated levels of distributions from the partnership that we expect to receive, we also expect that we will be able to fund the projected quarterly cash dividends to our stockholders for the next twelve months.
the impact on us of changes in the partnership's distribution levels will vary depending on several factors, including the partnership's total outstanding partnership interests on the record date for the distribution and the aggregate cash distributions made by the partnership. if the partnership increases distributions we would expect to increase dividends to our stockholders, although the timing and amount of such increased dividends, if any, will not necessarily be comparable to the timing and amount of the increase in distributions made by the partnership. in addition, the level of distributions we receive and of dividends we pay to our stockholders may be affected by the various risks associated with an investment in us and the underlying business of the partnership. please read "part ii- item 1a. risk factors" for more information about the risks that may impact your investment in us.
our non-partnership liquidity as of january 31, 2016 was:
total availability under trc's credit facility                           670.0
less: outstanding borrowings under trc's credit facility                (452.0   )
subsequent event.
on february 18, 2018, we announced that we had entered into an agreement for the issuance and sale of $500 million of our 9.5% series a preferred stock (the "preferred stock"). the preferred stock can be redeemed in whole or in part at our option after five years. the preferred stock is also convertible into our common stock beginning in 2028. in association with the issuance of the preferred stock, we also agreed to issue approximately 7,020,000 warrants with a strike price of $18.88 per common share and 3,385,000 warrants with a strike price of $25.11 per common share. the warrants have a seven year term and can be exercised commencing six months after closing. we expect to use the net proceeds from the sale of the preferred stock to repay indebtedness and for general corporate purposes. we expect this transaction to close in march 2016.
the partnership's liquidity and capital resources the partnership's ability to finance its operations, including funding capital expenditures and acquisitions, meeting its indebtedness obligations, refinancing its indebtedness and meeting its collateral requirements, will depend on its ability to generate cash in the future. the partnership's ability to generate cash is subject to a number of factors, some of which are beyond its control. these include weather, commodity prices (particularly for natural gas and ngls) and ongoing efforts to manage operating costs and maintenance capital expenditures, as well as general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors.
the partnership's main sources of liquidity and capital resources are internally generated cash flow from operations, borrowings under the trp revolver, borrowings under the securitization facility, the issuance of additional preferred units and access to public equity and private capital and debt markets. the capital markets continue to experience volatility. the partnership's exposure to current credit conditions includes its credit facilities, cash investments and counterparty performance risks. the partnership continually monitors its liquidity and the credit markets, as well as events and circumstances surrounding each of the lenders to the trp revolver and securitization facility.
the partnership's liquidity as of january 31, 2016 was:
total commitments under the trp revolver                               1,600.0
total availability under the securitization facility                     225.0
less: outstanding borrowings under the trp revolver                     (380.0   )
outstanding borrowings under the securitization facility                (225.0   )
outstanding letters of credit under the trp revolver                     (13.0   )
other potential capital resources include:
·   the partnership's right to request an additional $300 million in commitment increases under the trp revolver, subject to the terms therein. the trp revolver matures on october 3, 2017.
a portion of the partnership's capital resources may be allocated to letters of credit to satisfy certain counterparty credit requirements. these letters of credit reflect the partnership's non-investment grade status, as assigned by moody's and s&p. they also reflect certain counterparties' views of its financial condition and ability to satisfy its performance obligations, as well as commodity prices and other factors.
working capital working capital is the amount by which current assets exceed current liabilities. on a consolidated basis at the end of any given month, accounts receivable and payable tied to commodity sales and purchases are relatively balanced with receivables from ngl customers offset by plant settlements payable to producers. the factors that typically cause overall variability in the partnership's reported total working capital are: (1) the partnership's cash position; (2) liquids inventory levels and valuation, which the partnership closely manages; (3) changes in the fair value of the current portion of derivative contracts; and (4) major structural changes in the partnership's asset base or business operations, such as acquisitions or divestitures and certain organic growth projects.
the partnership's working capital increased $21.7 million excluding the increase in current debt obligations. the major items contributing to this increase were increased cash balances, an increase in our net risk management working capital asset position due to changes in the forward prices of commodities, and decreased payables to parent due to lower compensation and related costs. partially offsetting these items were an increase in interest accruals related to new borrowings, decreased commodity activity and inventories due to falling prices, and increased accruals for other goods and services.
based on the partnership's anticipated levels of operations and absent any disruptive events, we believe the partnership's internally generated cash flow, borrowings available under the trp revolver and the securitization facility and proceeds from debt offerings should provide sufficient resources to finance its operations, capital expenditures, long-term debt obligations, collateral requirements and minimum quarterly cash distributions for at least the next twelve months.
the non-partnership working capital decreased $3.8 million. this change was the result of general business operations.
we have incurred tax liabilities as a result of our sales of assets to the partnership. we have sufficient liquidity to satisfy the $38.8 million tax liability expected to be paid over the next nine years.
cash flow cash flow from operating activities targa                   targa                trc - non-
resources               resources             partnership corp.                  partners consolidated                 lp
the following table displays the partnership versus non-partnership's operating cash flows using the direct method as a supplement to the presentation in the consolidated financial statements:
targa                   targa                trc-non                     targa                   targa                trc-non resources               resources            partnership                 resources               resources            partnership corp.                partners                                            corp.                partners consolidated                      lp                                     consolidated                      lp
cash flows from operating activities:
cash received from customers                                        $6,820.9                $6,820.9                     $-                  $8,769.4                $8,769.5                  $(0.1   )
operating expenses                                                     448.9                   448.9                      -                     402.6                   402.5                    0.1
interest paid, net of amounts capitalized (2)                          214.1                   193.1                   21.0                     133.8                   131.0                    2.8
income taxes paid, net of refunds                                       13.8                     3.4                   10.4                      73.4                     2.7                   70.7
net cash provided by operating activities                           $1,034.7                $1,083.9                 $(49.2   )                $761.8                  $838.5                 $(76.7   )
targa                    targa           trc-non resources                resources           partnership corp.                 partners consolidated                       lp cash flows from operating activities:                                                                           (in millions)
cash received from customers                                        $6,388.0                 $6,388.3           $(0.3           )
operating expenses                                                     377.4                    377.3           0.1
interest paid, net of amounts capitalized (2)                          121.7                    119.1           2.6
income taxes paid, net of refunds                                       35.7                      2.3           33.4
net cash provided by operating activities                             $382.7                   $411.4           $(28.7          )
(2)   net of capitalized interest paid of $13.2 million, $16.1 and $8.0 million included in investing activities for 2015, 2014 and 2013.
cash flow from operating activities - partnership lower commodity prices were the primary contributor to decreased cash collections and payments for product purchases in 2015 compared to 2014. derivatives were a net inflow in 2015 versus a net outflow in 2014 reflecting lower commodity prices paid to counterparties compared to the fixed price the partnership received on those derivative contracts. higher cash outlay for general and administrative expenses in 2015 versus 2014 were mainly due to the addition of general and administrative costs for tpl. other cash payments during 2015 reflect transaction costs related to the atls mergers.
higher natural gas prices, sales and logistics fees related to export activities and higher ngl production volumes contributed to increased cash collections in 2014 compared to 2013, as well as higher cash payments to producers for commodity products. the change in cash received related to derivatives reflects a net outflow in 2014 compared to a net inflow in 2013 due to the prices paid to counterparties compared to the fixed price the partnership received on those derivative contracts. lower cash general and administrative expenses were mainly due to the lower cash settlements on trc long term incentive plan costs in 2014 versus 2013. the increase in other cash payments during 2014 reflects transaction costs incurred in advance of the atls mergers.
cash flow from operating activities - trc-non partnership trc-non partnership had higher cash outlays for general and administrative expenses in 2015 versus 2014 related to the timing of intercompany reimbursements between us and our subsidiaries. the increase in interest paid for the non-partnership is due to the additional debt issuances during the first quarter of 2015. the decrease in taxes paid is primarily due to the reduction of taxable income as a result of increased depreciation and amortization deduction from the atlas mergers, including the tax amortization of the special gp interest. the increase in other cash payments is related to transaction costs of the atlas mergers.
trc-non partnership had higher cash outlays for general and administrative expenses in 2014 versus 2013 related to the timing of intercompany reimbursements between us and our subsidiaries. the increase in taxes paid is primarily due to increase of taxable income in 2014 over 2013.
resources                  resources               partnership corp.                     partners consolidated                    lp
cash flow from investing activities - partnership the increase in net cash used in investing activities for 2015 compared to 2014 was primarily due to the $828.7 million outlays for the cash portion of atlas mergers along with a $55.0 million increase in capital expenditures and an $11.7 million increase in investments in unconsolidated affiliates.
the decrease in net cash used in investing activities for 2014 compared to 2013 was primarily due to lower cash outlays for capital expansion projects of $251.4 million.
cash flow from investing activities - trc non partnership the increase in net cash used in investing activities for 2015 compared to 2014 was primarily due to cash outlays for the atlas mergers. cash paid for atls net of cash acquired was $745.7 million.
resources                resources              partnership corp.                   partners consolidated                  lp
cash flow from financing activities - partnership the increase in net cash provided by financing activities for 2015 compared to 2014 was primarily due to increased net borrowings under the partnership's debt facilities ($1,954.0 million) offset by payment to settle the tender for apl's senior notes ($1,168.8 million). the partnership's contribution from noncontrolling interests increased by $78.4 million due to the cash calls for capital expansion. contribution from the general partner and proceeds from equity offerings increased in 2015 ($83.3 million), offset by an increase in distributions to owners ($239.8 million).
the decrease in net cash provided by financing activities for 2014 compared to 2013 was primarily due to lower net borrowings under the partnership's debt facilities ($448.2 million), an increase in distributions to owners ($98.1 million), and a decrease in proceeds from equity offerings ($115.1 million).
cash flow financing activities - non-partnership the increase in net cash used in financing activities for 2015 compared to 2014 was primarily due to cash borrowings for the atls merger: the issuance of the term loan and borrowings under our senior secured credit facility ($914.5 million) and proceeds from equity offerings ($335.5 million), which were offset by repayments of the term loan and on our senior secured credit facility ($424.0 million). dividends paid to common shareholders in 2015 increased $66 million.
the increase in net cash provided by financing activities for 2014 compared to 2013 was primarily due to an increase in distributions received of $42.9 million, an increase in net borrowings under our senior secured revolving credit facility of $16.0 million, partially offset by an increase in dividends paid of $25.2 million.
for the three        date paid                      cash             limited               general                 incentive             distributions              declared                  dividend months ended         or to be paid          distribution             partner               partner              distribution                  to targa               per trc               declared to per limited               units              interest                    rights                 resources                common                    common partner unit                                                                                     corp. (1)                 share              shareholders
capital requirements the partnership's capital requirements relate to capital expenditures are classified as expansion expenditures, which include business acquisitions, or maintenance expenditures. expansion capital expenditures improve the service capability of the existing assets, extend asset useful lives, increase capacities from existing levels, add capabilities, reduce costs or enhance revenues, and fund acquisitions of businesses or assets. maintenance capital expenditures are those expenditures that are necessary to maintain the service capability of the partnership's existing assets, including the replacement of system components and equipment, that are worn, obsolete or completing their useful life, and expenditures to remain in compliance with environmental laws and regulations.
capital expenditures:
consideration for business acquisitions                                                       $5,024.2                     $-                         $-
non-cash value of acquisition (1)                                                             (3,449.8    )                 -                          -
business acquisitions, net of cash acquired                                                    1,574.4                      -                          -
maintenance                                                                                       97.9                   79.1                       79.9
gross capital expenditures                                                                       777.2                  747.8                    1,034.5
decrease (increase) in capital project payables and accruals                                      43.8                   19.0                       (0.4   )
cash outlays for capital projects                                                                817.2                  762.2                    1,013.6
(1)   includes the special gp interest and non-cash value of consideration (see note 4 - business acquisitions of the "consolidated financial statements").
the partnership currently estimates that it will invest $525 million or less in growth capital expenditures for announced projects in 2016. given the partnership's objective of growth through expansions of existing assets, other internal growth projects, and acquisitions, it anticipates that over time that it will invest significant amounts of capital to grow and acquire assets. future expansion capital expenditures may vary significantly based on investment opportunities. the partnership expects to fund future capital expenditures with funds generated from its operations, borrowings under the trp revolver and the securitization facility and proceeds from issuances of additional equity and debt securities. major organic growth projects for 2016 are discussed in "item 1. business - organic growth projects."
credit facilities and long-term debt the following table summarizes our debt obligations as of december 31, 2015 (in millions):
we consolidate the debt of the partnership with that of our own; however, we do not have the contractual obligation to make interest or principal payments with respect to the debt of the partnership. our debt obligations do not restrict the ability of the partnership to make distributions to us. trc's credit agreement has restrictions and covenants that may limit our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders. see note 9 - debt obligations of the "consolidated financial statements" beginning on page f-1 of this annual report for more information of the restrictions and covenants in trc's credit agreement.
compliance with debt covenants as of december 31, 2015, both we and the partnership were in compliance with the covenants contained in our various debt agreements.
trc credit agreement atls merger financing activities in connection with the closing of the atlas mergers, we entered into the trc credit agreement. the trc credit agreement includes a new five year revolving credit facility that replaced the previous credit facility due october 3, 2017. in 2015, we incurred a charge of $0.2 million related to a write-off of debt issuance costs associated with the previous credit facility as a result of a change in syndicate members under the new trc credit agreement.
the trc credit agreement provides for a new five year revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount up to $670 million and a seven year variable rate term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of $430 million. this facility was issued at a 1.75% discount. the outstanding term loans are eurodollar rate loans with an interest rate of libor (with a libor floor of 1%) plus an applicable rate of 4.75%. we used the net proceeds from the term loan issuance and the revolving credit facility to fund cash components of the atls merger, including cash merger consideration and approximately $160.2 million related to change of control payments made by atls, cash settlements of equity awards and transaction fees and expenses. in march 2015, we repaid $188.0 million of the term loan and wrote off $3.3 million of the discount and $5.7 million of debt issuance costs. in june 2015, we repaid $82.0 million of the term loan and wrote off $1.4 million of the discount and $2.4 million of debt issuance costs. the write-off of the discount and debt issuance costs are reflected as loss from financing activities on the consolidated statements of operations for the year ended december 31, 2015.
we are required to pay a commitment fee ranging from 0.375% to 0.5% (dependent upon the company's stand-alone leverage ratio) on the daily average unused portion of the trc credit agreement. additionally, issued and undrawn letters of credit bear interest at an applicable ranging from 2.75% to 3.5% (dependent upon the company's stand-alone leverage ratio).
the trc credit agreement is secured by substantially all of the company's assets. the trc credit agreement requires us to maintain a stand-alone leverage ratio (the ratio of stand-alone funded indebtedness to stand-alone adjusted ebitda) of no more than (i) 4.50 to 1.00 for the fiscal quarter ending march 31, 2016 through the fiscal quarter ending december 31, 2016 and (ii) 4.00 to 1.00 for each fiscal quarter ending thereafter. the trc credit agreement restricts our ability to make dividends to shareholders if, on a pro forma basis after giving effect to such dividend, (a) any default or event of default has occurred and is continuing or (b) we are not in compliance with our stand-alone leverage ratio as of the last day of the most recent test period. in addition, the trc credit agreement includes various covenants that may limit, among other things, our ability to incur indebtedness, grant liens, make investments, repay or amend the terms of certain other indebtedness, merge or consolidate, sell assets, and engage in transactions with affiliates.
the partnership's senior secured credit facility in october 2012, the partnership entered into a second amended and restated credit agreement that amended and replaced its variable rate senior secured credit facility due july 2015 to provide the trp revolver due october 3, 2017 (the "original agreement"). the original agreement had an available commitment of $1.2 billion and allowed the partnership to request up to an additional $300.0 million in commitment increases.
in february 2015, the partnership entered into the first amendment, waiver and incremental commitment agreement (the "first amendment") that amended its original agreement. the first amendment increased available commitments to $1.6 billion from $1.2 billion while retaining the partnership's ability to request up to an additional $300.0 million in commitment increases. in addition, the first amendment amended certain provisions of the existing trp revolver and designated each of tpl and its subsidiaries as an "unrestricted subsidiary." the partnership used proceeds from borrowings under the credit facility to fund some of the cash components of the apl merger, including $701.4 million for the repayments of the apl revolver and $28.8 million related to change of control payments.
the trp revolver bears interest, at the partnership's option, either at the base rate or the eurodollar rate. the base rate is equal to the highest of: (i) bank of america's prime rate; (ii) the federal funds rate plus 0.5%; or (iii) the one-month libor rate plus 1.0%, plus an applicable margin ranging from 0.75% to 1.75% (dependent on the partnership's ratio of consolidated funded indebtedness to consolidated adjusted ebitda). the eurodollar rate is equal to libor rate plus an applicable margin ranging from 1.75% to 2.75% (dependent on the partnership's ratio of consolidated funded indebtedness to consolidated adjusted ebitda).
the partnership is required to pay a commitment fee equal to an applicable rate ranging from 0.3% to 0.5% (dependent on the partnership's ratio of consolidated funded indebtedness to consolidated adjusted ebitda) times the actual daily average unused portion of the trp revolver. additionally, issued and undrawn letters of credit bear interest at an applicable rate ranging from 1.75% to 2.75% (dependent on the partnership's ratio of consolidated funded indebtedness to consolidated adjusted ebitda).
the trp revolver is collateralized by a majority of the partnership's assets and the assets of its restricted subsidiaries. borrowings are guaranteed by the partnership's restricted subsidiaries.
the trp revolver restricts the partnership's ability to make distributions of available cash to unitholders if a default or an event of default (as defined in the trp revolver) exists or would result from such distribution. the trp revolver requires the partnership to maintain a ratio of consolidated funded indebtedness to consolidated adjusted ebitda of no more than 5.50 to 1.00 and also requires the partnership to maintain a ratio of consolidated ebitda to consolidated interest expense of no less than 2.25 to 1.00. in addition, the trp revolver contains various covenants that may limit, among other things, the partnership's ability to incur indebtedness, grant liens, make investments, repay or amend the terms of certain other indebtedness, merge or consolidate, sell assets, and engage in transactions with affiliates (in each case, subject to the partnership's right to incur indebtedness or grant liens in connection with, and convey accounts receivable as part of, a permitted receivables financing).
the partnership's senior unsecured notes in may 2013, the partnership privately placed $625.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 41⁄4% notes. the 41⁄4% notes resulted in approximately $618.1 million of net proceeds, which were used to reduce borrowings under the trp revolver and for general partnership purposes.
in june 2013, the partnership paid $106.4 million plus accrued interest, which included a premium of $6.4 million, to redeem $100.0 million of the outstanding 63⁄8% notes. the redemption resulted in a $7.4 million loss on debt redemption, including the write-off of $1.0 million of unamortized debt issuance costs.
in july 2013, the partnership paid $76.8 million plus accrued interest, which included a premium of $4.1 million, per the terms of the note agreement to redeem the outstanding balance of the 111⁄4% notes. the redemption resulted in a $7.4 million loss on debt redemption in the third quarter 2013, including the write-off of $1.0 million of unamortized debt issuance costs.
in october 2014, the partnership privately placed $800.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 41⁄8% senior notes due 2019 (the "41⁄8% notes"). the 41⁄8% notes resulted in approximately $790.8 million of net proceeds, which were used to reduce borrowings under the trp revolver and securitization facility and for general partnership purposes.
in november 2014, the partnership redeemed the outstanding 77⁄8% notes at a price of 103.938% plus accrued interest through the redemption date. the redemption resulted in a $12.4 million loss on redemption for the year ended 2014, consisting of premiums paid of $9.9 million and a non-cash loss to write-off $2.5 million of unamortized debt issuance costs.
in january 2015, the partnership and targa resources partners finance corporation (collectively, the "partnership issuers") issued $1.1 billion in aggregate principal amount of 5% senior notes due 2018 (the "5% notes"). the 5% notes resulted in approximately $1,089.8 million of net proceeds after costs, which were used with borrowings under the partnership's senior secured credit facility to fund the apl notes tender offers and the change of control offer.
in september 2015, the partnership issuers issued $600.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 63⁄4% notes. the 63⁄4% notes resulted in approximately $595.0 million of net proceeds after costs, which were used to reduce borrowings under the partnership's senior secured credit facility and for general partnership purposes. the 63⁄4% notes are unsecured senior obligations that have substantially the same terms and covenants as the partnership's other senior notes.
debt repurchases in december 2015, the partnership repurchased on the open market a portion of various series of its outstanding senior notes paying $14.3 million plus accrued interest to repurchase $17.9 million of the outstanding balances. the december 2015 note repurchases resulted in a $3.6 million gain on debt repurchase and a write-off of $0.1 million in related deferred debt issuance costs.
the partnership may retire or purchase various series of its outstanding debt through cash purchases and/or exchanges for other debt, in open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. such repurchases or exchanges, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors. the amounts involved may be material.
apl merger financing activities apl senior notes tender offers in january 2015, the partnership commenced cash tender offers for any and all of the outstanding fixed rate senior secured notes to be acquired in the apl merger, referred to as the apl notes tender offers, which totaled $1.55 billion.
the results of the apl notes tender offers were:
senior notes     outstanding              amount            premium            accrued             total tender            % tendered             note balance note balance            tendered             paid             interest               offer                                       after tender paid                payments                                        offers
in connection with the apl notes tender offers, on february 27, 2015, the supplemental indentures governing the 2021 apl notes and the 2023 apl notes of the apl issuers, became operative. these supplemental indentures eliminated substantially all of the restrictive covenants and certain events of default applicable to the 2021 apl notes and the 2023 apl notes that were not accepted for payment.
not having achieved the minimum tender condition on the 2020 apl notes, the partnership made a change of control offer, referred to as the change of control offer, for any and all of the 2020 apl notes in advance of, and conditioned upon, the consummation of the apl merger. in march 2015, holders representing $4.8 million of the outstanding 2020 apl notes tendered their notes requiring a payment of $5.0 million, which included the change of control premium and accrued interest.
payments made under the apl notes tender offers and change of control offer totaling $1,168.8 million are presented as financing activities for the partnership in the consolidated statements of cash flows.
exchange offer and consent solicitation on april 13, 2015, the partnership issuers commenced an offer to exchange (the "exchange offer") any and all of the outstanding 2020 apl notes, for an equal amount of new unsecured 65⁄8% senior notes due 2020 issued by the partnership issuers (the "65⁄8% notes" or the "trp 65⁄8% notes"). on april 27, 2015, the partnership had received tenders and consents from holders of approximately 96.3% of the total outstanding 2020 apl notes. as a result, the minimum tender condition to the exchange offer and related consent solicitation was satisfied, and the apl issuers entered into a supplemental indenture which eliminated substantially all of the restrictive covenants and certain events of default applicable to the 2020 apl notes.
in may 2015, upon the closing of the exchange offer, the partnership issuers issued $342.1 million aggregate principal amount of the trp 65⁄8% notes to holders of the 2020 apl notes which were validly tendered for exchange. the related $5.6 million premium, resulting from acquisition date fair value accounting, will be amortized as an adjustment to interest expense over the remaining term of the trp 65⁄8% notes. the partnership recognized $0.7 million of costs associated with the exchange offer, reflected as a loss from financing activities on the consolidated statements of operations.
selected terms of the senior unsecured notes outstanding as of december 31, 2015 are as follows:
(1)   issue dates for apl notes are original dates of issuance. these notes were acquired in the apl merger. see note 4 - business acquisitions.
all issues of unsecured senior notes are obligations that rank pari passu in right of payment with existing and future senior indebtedness, including indebtedness under the trp revolver. they are senior in right of payment to any of the partnership's future subordinated indebtedness and are unconditionally guaranteed by the partnership. these notes are effectively subordinated to all secured indebtedness under the trp revolver, which is secured by a majority of its assets and the partnership's securitization facility, which is secured by accounts receivable pledged under it, to the extent of the value of the collateral securing that indebtedness. interest on all issues of senior unsecured notes is payable semi-annually in arrears.
the partnership's senior unsecured notes and associated indenture agreements restrict its ability to make distributions to unitholders in the event of default (as defined in the indentures). the indentures also restrict the partnership's ability and the ability of certain of the partnership's subsidiaries to: (i) incur additional debt or enter into sale and leaseback transactions; (ii) pay certain distributions on or repurchase equity interests (only if such distributions do not meet specified conditions); (iii) make certain investments; (iv) incur liens; (v) enter into transactions with affiliates; (vi) merge or consolidate with another company; and (vii) transfer and sell assets. these covenants are subject to a number of important exceptions and qualifications. if at any time when the notes are rated investment grade by moody's or s&p (or rated investment grade by both moody's and s&p for the 67⁄8% notes) and no default or event of default (each as defined in the indentures) has occurred and is continuing, many of such covenants will terminate and we will cease to be subject to such covenants.
accounts receivable securitization facility the securitization facility provides up to $225.0 million of borrowing capacity at libor market index rates plus a margin through december 9, 2016. under the securitization facility, tms contributes receivables to tgm, and tgm and tlmt sell or contribute receivables, without recourse, to trllc. trllc, in turn, sells an undivided percentage ownership in the eligible receivables to a third-party financial institution. receivables up to the amount of the outstanding debt under the securitization facility are not available to satisfy the claims of the creditors of tlmt, tms, tgm or the partnership. any excess receivables are eligible to satisfy the claims of creditors of tlmt, tms, tgm or the partnership. as of december 31, 2015, total funding under the securitization facility was $219.3 million.
off-balance sheet arrangements as of december 31, 2015, there were $24.5 million in surety bonds outstanding related to various performance obligations. these are in place to support various performance obligations for the partnership as required by (i) statutes within the regulatory jurisdictions where the partnership operates, (ii) surety, and (iii) counterparty support. obligations under these surety bonds are not normally called, as the partnership typically complies with the underlying performance requirement.
contractual obligations in addition to disclosures related to debt and lease obligations, contained in notes 10 and 16 of the "consolidated financial statements" beginning on page f-1 of this annual report, the following is a summary of certain contractual obligations over the next several years:
(in millions, except volumetric information)
operating leases (3)                                          8.5                     3.6                        3.8                        1.1                    -
operating leases (3)                                         45.2                    16.0                       19.6                        6.5                        3.1
land site lease and right-of-way (4)                         11.0                     2.4                        4.5                        4.1                    -
pipeline capacity and throughput agreements (6)             474.7                    88.9                      131.8                      101.9                      152.1
purchase commitments and service contract (8)               202.9                   191.4                        8.6                        2.9                    -
ngl and petroleum products (millions of gallons)             16.6                    16.6                          -                          -                    -
(1)   represents scheduled future maturities of consolidated debt obligations for the periods indicated.
(3)   includes minimum payments on lease obligations for office space, railcars and tractors.
(4)   land site lease and right-of-way provides for surface and underground access for gathering, processing and distribution assets that are located on property not owned by us. these agreements expire at various dates with varying terms, some of which are perpetual.
(5)   a purchase obligation represents an agreement to purchase goods or services that is enforceable, legally binding and specifies all significant terms, including: fixed minimum or variable prices provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction.
(6)   consists of pipeline capacity payments for firm transportation and throughput and deficiency agreements.
(7)   includes natural gas and ngl purchase commitments. contracts that will be settled at future spot prices are valued using prices as of december 31, 2015.
(8)   includes commitments for capital expenditures, operating expenses and service contracts.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of financial statements in accordance with gaap requires our management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the period. actual results could differ from these estimates. the policies and estimates discussed below are considered by management to be critical to an understanding of our financial statements because their application requires the most significant judgments from management in estimating matters for financial reporting that are inherently uncertain. see the description of our accounting policies in the notes to the financial statements for additional information about our critical accounting policies and estimates.
property, plant and equipment and intangibles in general, depreciation and amortization is the systematic and rational allocation of an asset's cost, less its residual value (if any), to the period it benefits. our and the partnership's property, plant and equipment are depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. the estimate of depreciation incorporates assumptions regarding the useful economic lives and residual values of our assets. amortization expense attributable to intangible assets is recorded on a straight-line basis or, where more appropriate, in a manner that closely resembles the expected pattern in which the partnership benefits from services provided to its customers. at the time assets are placed in service, we believe such assumptions are reasonable; however, circumstances may develop that would cause us to change these assumptions, which would change our depreciation/amortization amounts prospectively. examples of such circumstances include:
·   changes in energy prices;
·   changes in competition;
·   changes in laws and regulations that limit the estimated economic life of an asset;
·   changes in technology that render an asset obsolete;
·   changes in expected salvage values; and
·   changes in the forecast life of applicable resources basins.
we evaluate long-lived assets, including related intangibles, of identifiable business activities for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate, in management's judgment, that the carrying value of such assets may not be recoverable. as a result of this evaluation, the carrying value of certain louisiana gas processing facilities and associated gathering systems in the coastal gathering and processing segment was reduced by $32.6 million and $3.2 million during the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014 as a result of reduced forecasted gas processing volumes due to market conditions and processing spreads. these carrying value adjustments are included in depreciation and amortization expenses on our consolidated statements of operations. there have been no other significant changes impacting long-lived assets.
goodwill goodwill results when the cost of an acquisition exceeds the fair value of the net identifiable assets of the acquired business. we and the partnership evaluate goodwill for impairment at least annually, as of november 30th, as well as whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate it is more likely than not the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount.
our evaluation as of november 30, 2015 utilized the income approach (a discounted cash flow analysis ("dcf")) to estimate the fair values of our reporting units. the future cash flows for our reporting units were based on our estimates, at that time, of future revenues, income from operations and other factors, such as working capital and capital expenditures. we took into account current and expected industry and market conditions, commodity pricing and volumetric forecasts in the basins in which the reporting units operate. the discount rates used in our dcf analysis were based on a weighted average cost of capital determined from relevant market comparisons.
based on the results of our evaluation, we have recorded a provisional goodwill impairment of $290.0 million during the year ended december 31, 2015 and reduced the carrying value of goodwill to $417.0 million as of december 31, 2015.
revenue recognition the partnership's operating revenues are primarily derived from the following activities:
·   sales of natural gas, ngls, condensate and petroleum products;
·   services related to compressing, gathering, treating, and processing of natural gas;
·   services related to gathering, storing and terminaling of crude oil; and
·   services related to ngl fractionation, terminaling and storage, transportation and treating.
we recognize revenues when all of the following criteria are met: (1) persuasive evidence of an exchange arrangement exists, if applicable; (2) delivery has occurred or services have been rendered; (3) the price is fixed or determinable and (4) collectability is reasonably assured.
price risk management (hedging)
the partnership's net income and cash flows are subject to volatility stemming from changes in commodity prices and interest rates. to reduce the volatility of our cash flows, the partnership has entered into derivative financial instruments related to a portion of its equity volumes to manage the purchase and sales prices of commodities. we are exposed to the credit risk of certain of the partnership's counterparties in these derivative financial instruments. the partnership's futures contracts have limited credit risk since they are cleared through an exchange and are settled daily. we also monitor ngl inventory levels with a view to mitigating losses related to downward price exposure.
the partnership's cash flow is affected by the derivative financial instruments it enters into to the extent these instruments are settled by (i) making or receiving a payment to/from the counterparty or (ii) making or receiving a payment for entering into a contract that exactly offsets the original derivative financial instrument. typically a derivative financial instrument is settled when the physical transaction that underlies the derivative financial instrument occurs.
one of the primary factors that can affect the partnership's operating results each period is the price assumptions used to value the partnership's derivative financial instruments, which are reflected at their fair values in the balance sheet. the relationship between the derivative financial instruments and the hedged item must be highly effective in achieving the offset of changes in cash flows attributable to the hedged risk both at the inception of the derivative financial instrument and on an ongoing basis. hedge accounting is discontinued prospectively when a derivative financial instrument becomes ineffective. gains and losses deferred in other comprehensive income related to cash flow hedges for which hedge accounting has been discontinued remain deferred until the forecasted transaction occurs. if it is probable that a hedged forecasted transaction will not occur, deferred gains or losses on the derivative financial instrument are reclassified to earnings immediately.
the estimated fair value of the partnership's derivative financial instruments was a net asset of $119.5 million as of december 31, 2015, net of an adjustment for credit risk. the credit risk adjustment is based on the default probabilities by year as indicated by the counterparties' credit default swap transactions. these default probabilities have been applied to the unadjusted fair values of the derivative financial instruments to arrive at the credit risk adjustment, which is immaterial for all periods covered by this annual report. the partnership has an active credit management process which is focused on controlling loss exposure to bankruptcies or other liquidity issues of counterparties.
use of estimates when preparing financial statements in conformity with gaap, management must make estimates and assumptions based on information available at the time. these estimates and assumptions affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, as well as the disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements. estimates and judgments are based on information available at the time such estimates and judgments are made. adjustments made with respect to the use of these estimates and judgments often relate to information not previously available. uncertainties with respect to such estimates and judgments are inherent in the preparation of financial statements. estimates and judgments are used in, among other things, (1) estimating unbilled revenues, product purchases and operating and general and administrative costs, (2) developing fair value assumptions, including estimates of future cash flows and discount rates, (3) analyzing long-lived assets for possible impairment, (4) estimating the useful lives of assets,(5) determining amounts to accrue for contingencies, guarantees and indemnifications and (6) valuing mandatorily redeemable preferred interests. actual results, therefore, could differ materially from estimated amounts.
recent accounting pronouncements for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements that will affect us, see "recent accounting pronouncements" included under note 3 - significant accounting policies of our "consolidated financial statements."