item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
the following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes that appear elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k.
overview and 2015 highlights we design, develop, manufacture, and sell high-performance fully electric vehicles, and energy storage products. we are currently producing and selling our model s sedan and our model x sport utility vehicle. since the introduction of model s in june 2012, we have enhanced our vehicle offerings with all-wheel drive capability, autopilot options, and free over-the-air software updates.  we commenced customer deliveries of our model x in september 2015 and are currently ramping production. we have delivered over 107,000 vehicles through december 31, 2015.  we intend to unveil model 3, a lower priced sedan designed for the mass market, in the first quarter of 2016 and expect to commence production and deliveries of this vehicle in late 2017.
in addition to our automotive products, we recently announced the next generation of our energy storage products, the 7 kwh and 10 kwh powerwall for residential applications and the 100 kwh powerpack for commercial and industrial applications.  we began production and deliveries of these products, which we will sell under the tesla energy brand, in the third quarter of 2015.   we transitioned the production of these products from the fremont factory to the gigafactory during q4 2015.
our primary source of revenue is from the sale of our vehicles. during the year ended december 31, 2015, we recognized total revenues of $4.05 billion, an increase of $847.7 million over total revenues of $3.20 billion for the year ended december 31, 2014, primarily driven by growth of model s deliveries worldwide. gross margin for the year ended december 31, 2015 was 22.8%, a decrease from 27.6% for the year ended december 31, 2014.
we continue to increase our sales and service footprint worldwide and expand our supercharging and destination charging networks. with the continued global expansion of our customer support and supercharger infrastructure, selling, general and administrative expenses were $922.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, compared to $603.7 million for the year ended december 30, 2014.
management opportunities, challenges and risks vehicle orders, production and deliveries we are currently producing and selling both the model s sedan and the model x sport utility vehicle. we have broadened the appeal of model s by introducing new variants that improve range, performance, and value.  for those wanting a more affordable car, we introduced model s 70 with a starting price of only $70,000 before incentives and fuel savings.  our new 90kwh battery pack option enables almost 300 miles of range at 65 mph.  finally, for our performance enthusiasts, the new ludicrous mode option improves 0 to 60 mph acceleration to 2.8 seconds. the introduction of model x now provides customers with a performance electric vehicle option in the sport utility segment for the first time. similar to model s, we expect to introduce new versions and functionality for the model x over time.  overall, we expect that demand for our vehicles will continue to increase worldwide as more people drive and become aware of our vehicles, as we grow our customer sales and service infrastructure, and as we continue to develop our products.
we have been increasing our production activities and expect to continue to do so.  in august 2014, we began a significant production capacity increase at the tesla factory by transitioning to our new final assembly line and upgrading our body center. these production capacity increases continued into 2015, with further investments including building a new paint shop, a new body shop for model x, and additional stamping capacity. we expect our annual production will increase considerably each year for the next several years. in addition, scaling our deliveries means that we will have an increasing number of cars in-transit, therefore production will exceed deliveries.
during 2015, we achieved significant efficiencies in model s production and produced 14,037 vehicles in the fourth quarter of 2015. we began production of model x in the third quarter of 2015. we plan to deliver 80,000 to 90,000 new model s and model x vehicles in 2016.
in addition to expanding our vehicle production, we expect to continue to lower the cost of manufacturing our vehicles over the next several quarters. we expect that this trend will contribute to improved automotive gross margin over time, excluding the impact of foreign currency movements. significant cost improvements for model s were achieved in 2014 and 2015 relating to material cost reductions from both engineering and commercial actions, and manufacturing efficiencies, excluding the impact of newly introduced model s variants and model x. however, during our product introductions over the last few years, we incurred manufacturing inefficiencies which negatively impacted our gross margin. we expect that automotive gross margin should increase during 2016 due to cost reductions for model s and improving margin on model x as our manufacturing efficiency improves for that vehicle, supporting our plan to be profitable for the fourth quarter of 2016. if we are not able to achieve the planned cost reductions from our various cost savings and process improvement initiatives or ramp model x efficiently, our ability to reach our gross margin goals would be negatively affected in the short-term.
to support our planned vehicle growth in 2016, we plan to continue expanding stores and service infrastructure worldwide, provide more timely service in areas with a high concentration of tesla customers, and continue expanding our supercharger and destination charger network. since we now offer our vehicles in many countries throughout north america, europe and asia, our expansion will primarily occur in geographic areas in which we already have a presence. we expect our long-term sales outside of north america will be almost half of our worldwide automotive revenue. as compared to markets in the united states, we have relatively limited experience in international markets, and thus we may face difficulties meeting our future international expansion plans. if we experience unexpected difficulties or delays in finding and opening desirable locations for stores and service centers, we may not be able to meet our delivery plans.
trends in cash flow, capital expenditures and operating expenses we expect to see a net increase in cash and cash equivalents for the full-year 2016. we plan to fund about $1.5 billion in capital expenditures without accessing any outside capital other than our existing sources that support our leasing and finished goods inventory. we plan to invest in equipment to support cell production at the gigafactory, begin installation of model 3 vehicle production machinery, open about 80 retail locations and service centers, and energize about 300 new supercharger locations.
our operating expenses are expected to grow by about 20% in 2016 as compared to 2015, driven primarily by the expansion of our retail and service centers as well as increases in general and administrative costs to support the growth of the business. we expect sales, general and administrative expenses to decline over time as a percentage of revenue as we focus on increasing operational efficiency while continuing to expand our customer and corporate infrastructure. over time, we also expect total operating expenses to decrease as a percentage of revenue.
as of december 31, 2015 and december 31, 2014, the net book value of our supercharger network was $339.2 million and $107.8 million and as of december 31, 2015 included 584 locations globally. we plan to continue investing in our supercharger network for the foreseeable future, including in north america, europe and asia and expect such spending to be a minimal portion of total capital spending during 2016. during 2016, this investment will grow our supercharger network by about 50%. we allocate supercharger related expenses to cost of automotive revenues and selling, general, and administrative expenses. these costs were immaterial for all periods presented.
customer financing options we offer loans and leases in north america, europe and asia primarily through various financial institutions. we offer a resale value guarantee in connection with certain loans offered by financial institutions and as of december 31, 2015 had approximately 18,400 vehicles under this program. we expanded this program to selected european and asian markets during the first half of 2015. resale value guarantees available for exercise within the next 12 months total $136.8 million in value and relate to 3,017 vehicles.
vehicle deliveries with the resale value guarantee do not impact our near-term cash flows and liquidity, since we receive the full amount of cash for the vehicle sales price at delivery. however, this program requires the deferral of revenues and costs into future periods as they are considered leases for accounting purposes.
while we do not assume any credit risk related to the customer, if a customer exercises the option to return the vehicle to us, we are exposed to liquidity risk that the resale value of vehicles under these programs may be lower than our guarantee, or the volume of vehicles returned to us may be higher than our estimates, or we may be unable to resell the used cars in a timely manner, all of which could adversely impact our cash flows. alternatively, in cases where customers retain their vehicles past the expiration of the guarantee period, the remaining deferred revenues and costs will be recognized at no gross profit.
based on current market demand for our cars, we estimate the resale prices for our vehicles will continue to be above our resale value guarantee amounts. should market values of our vehicles or customer demand decrease, these estimates may be impacted materially.
we currently offer leases in the u.s. directly from our captive financing entity, as well as through a leasing partner. leasing through tesla finance is now available in 39 states and the district of columbia. we also offer financing arrangements through entities in canada, germany and uk.  as of december 31, 2015, we had leased approximately 3,660 vehicles through our captive financing entities in the u.s. and germany and approximately 6,730 vehicles through our leasing partner. leasing through both our captive financing entities and our leasing partner exposes us to residual value risk and will adversely impact our near-term operating results by requiring the deferral of revenues and costs into future periods under lease accounting. in addition, for leases offered directly from our captive financing entities (but not for those offered through our bank partner), we will not receive the full amount of the cash for the vehicle price at delivery and will assume customer credit risk. we plan to continue expanding our leasing offerings.
the gigafactory we are developing the gigafactory as a facility where we work together with our suppliers to integrate production of battery material, cells, modules and battery packs in one location. we broke ground on the gigafactory in june 2014 and began assembling our tesla energy products in the first portion of the facility in the fourth quarter of 2015.  we currently expect to produce cells at this site beginning in 2016 for use initially in our tesla energy products and later for our vehicles. over the next few years, we will continue to invest in the expansion of additional tesla energy production capacity.
we continue to invest in construction of the building and utilities at the gigafactory and in production equipment for battery, module and pack production. we will be responsible for the overall management of the gigafactory and will engage with partners who have significant experience in battery cell and material production. panasonic has agreed to partner with us on the gigafactory with investments in production equipment that it will use to manufacture and supply us with battery cells. under our arrangement with panasonic, we plan to purchase the full output from their production equipment at negotiated prices.  as these terms convey a right to use the production related assets as defined within asc 840 - leases, we will consider these leased assets beginning with the start of cell production in 2016.
given the size and complexity of this undertaking, the cost of building and operating the gigafactory could exceed our current expectations, we may have difficulty signing up additional partners, and the gigafactory may take longer to bring online than we anticipate.
critical accounting policies and estimates our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states. the preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, costs and expenses and related disclosures. we base our estimates on historical experience, as appropriate, and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. changes in the accounting estimates are reasonably likely to occur from period to period. accordingly, actual results could differ significantly from the estimates made by our management. we evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. to the extent that there are material differences between these estimates and actual results, our future financial statement presentation, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows will be affected. we believe that the following critical accounting policies involve a greater degree of judgment and complexity than our other accounting policies. accordingly, these are the policies we believe are the most critical to understanding and evaluating our consolidated financial condition and results of operations.
revenue recognition we recognize revenue for products and services when: (i) a persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (ii) delivery has occurred and there are no uncertainties regarding customer acceptance; (iii) pricing or fees are fixed or determinable; and (iv) collection is reasonably assured.
vehicle sales include standard features, customer selected options and accessories, and specific other elements that meet the definition of a deliverable under multiple-element accounting guidance including free internet connectivity, access to our supercharger network, and future over the air software updates.  these deliverables are valued on a stand-alone basis and we recognize their revenue over our performance period, which is generally the eight-year life of the vehicle, except for internet connectivity which is over the free four year period.  if we sell a deliverable separately, we use that pricing to determine its fair value; otherwise, we use our best estimated selling price by considering costs used to develop and deliver the service, third party pricing of similar options, and other information which may be available.
vehicle sales to customers with a residual value guarantee we offer resale value guarantees or similar buy-back terms to all customers who purchase vehicles and who finance their vehicle through one of our specified banking partners.  under this program, customers have the option of selling their vehicle back to us during the guarantee period for a pre-determined resale value.  guarantee periods generally range from 36 to 39 months.  although we receive full payment for the vehicle sales price at the time of delivery, we are required to account for these as operating leases.  the amount of sale proceeds equal to the residual value guarantee is deferred until the guarantee expires or is exercised.  the remaining sale proceeds are deferred and recognized on a straight line basis over the stated guarantee period. the guarantee period expires at the earlier of the end of the guarantee period or the pay-off of the initial loan.  we capitalize the cost of these vehicles to leased vehicles on our consolidated balance sheets and depreciate their value, less salvage value, to cost of automotive revenue over the same period.
in cases when customer retains ownership of the vehicle at the end of the guarantee period, the resale value guarantee liability and any remaining deferred revenue balances related to the vehicle are settled to automotive revenue and the net book value of the leased vehicle is expensed to costs of automotive revenue.  in cases when customers return the vehicle back to us during the guarantee period, we purchase the vehicle from the customer at an amount equal to the resale value guarantee and settle any remaining deferred balances to automotive revenue and we reclassify the net book value of the vehicle on our balance sheet to pre-owned vehicle inventory.  as of december 31, 2015, $136.8 million of guarantees are exercisable by customers within the next twelve months.
vehicle sales to leasing partners with a residual value guarantee in the fourth quarter of 2014, we also began offering residual value guarantees in connection with automobile sales to certain bank leasing partners.  as we have guaranteed the value of these vehicles and as the vehicles are leased to end-customers, we account for these transactions as interest bearing collateralized borrowings as required under asc 840 - leases.  under this program, cash is received for the full price of the vehicle and is recorded within resale value guarantee for the long-term portion and deferred revenue for the current portion.  we accrete the deferred revenue amount to automotive revenue on a straight line basis over the guarantee period and accrue interest expense based on our borrowing rate.  we capitalize vehicles under this program to leased vehicles on our consolidated balance sheets and record depreciation from these vehicles to cost of automotive revenues during the period the vehicle is under a lease arrangement.  cash received for these vehicles, net of revenue recognized during the period, is classified as collateralized lease borrowings within cash flows from financing activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows.
at the end of the lease term, we settle our liability in cash by either purchasing the vehicle from the leasing partner for the residual value guarantee amount, or paying a shortfall to the guarantee amount the leasing partner may realize on the sale of the vehicle.  any remaining balances within deferred revenue and resale value guarantee will be settled to automotive revenue.  in cases where the bank retains ownership of the vehicle after the end of our guarantee period, we expense the net value of the leased vehicle to costs of automotive revenue.  the maximum cash we could be required to pay under this program, assuming we repurchase of all vehicles under this program is $348.2 million at december 31, 2015.
as of december 31, 2015 and december 31, 2014, we had $527.5 million and $16.7 million of such borrowings recorded in the resale value guarantee liability and $120.5 million and $3.9 million recorded in deferred revenue liability.
at least annually, we assess the estimated market values of vehicles under our resale value guarantee program to determine if we have sustained a loss on any of these contracts. as we accumulate more data related to the resale values of our vehicles or as market conditions change, there may be significant changes to their estimated values.
direct vehicle leasing program we offer a vehicle leasing program in certain locations in the united states, canada and germany.  qualifying customers are permitted to lease a vehicle directly from tesla for 36 or 48 months.  at the end of the lease term, customers have the option of either returning the vehicle to us or purchasing if for a pre-determined residual value.  we account for these leasing transactions as operating leases and recognize leasing revenues over the contractual term and record the depreciation of these vehicles to cost of automotive revenues. as of december 31, 2015 and december 31, 2014, we had deferred $25.8 million and $9.4 million of lease-related upfront payments which will be recognized on a straight-line basis over the contractual term of the individual leases. lease revenues are recorded in automotive revenue and for the year ended december 31, 2015 and december 31, 2014, we recognized $41.2 million and $4.4 million maintenance and service plans we offer a prepaid maintenance program for our vehicles, which includes plans covering maintenance for up to eight years or up to 100,000 miles, provided these services are purchased within a specified period of time. the maintenance plans cover annual inspections and the replacement of wear and tear parts, excluding tires and the battery. payments collected in advance of the performance of service are initially recorded in deferred revenues on the consolidated balance sheets and recognized in automotive sales as we fulfill our performance obligations.
we also offer an extended service plan, which covers the repair or replacement of vehicle parts for an additional four years or up to an additional 50,000 miles, after the end of our initial new vehicle limited warranty, provided they are purchased within a specified period of time. payments collected in advance of the performance of service are initially recorded in deferred revenues on the consolidated balance sheets and recognized in automotive sales ratably over the service coverage periods.
inventory valuation inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. cost is computed using standard cost, which approximates actual cost on a first-in, first-out basis. we record inventory write-downs for excess or obsolete inventories based upon assumptions about on current and future demand forecasts. if our inventory on hand is in excess of our future demand forecast, the excess amounts are written off.
we also review inventory to determine whether its carrying value exceeds the net amount realizable upon the ultimate sale of the inventory. this requires us to determine the estimated selling price of our vehicles less the estimated cost to convert inventory on hand into a finished product. once inventory is written-down, a new, lower-cost basis for that inventory is established and subsequent changes in facts and circumstances do not result in the restoration or increase in that newly established cost basis.
should our estimates of future selling prices or production costs change, additional and potentially material increases to this reserve may be required. a small change in our estimates may result in a material charge to our reported financial results.
warranties we provide a manufacturer's warranty on all vehicles, production powertrain components and systems, and tesla energy products we sell.  at the time of delivery, we accrue for a manufacturer's warranty which includes our best estimate of the projected costs to repair or to replace items under warranty. these estimates are based on actual claims incurred to-date and an estimate of the nature, frequency and costs of future claims.
these estimates are inherently uncertain and changes to our historical or projected warranty experience may cause material changes to our warranty reserve in the future. the portion of the warranty provision expected to be incurred within 12 months is classified as a current liability.
our warranty reserves do not include projected warranty costs associated with our vehicles accounted for as operating leases or collateralized debt arrangements. costs to repair these vehicles are expensed as incurred. warranty expense is recorded as a component of cost of automotive revenue.
stock-based compensation we use the fair value method of accounting for our stock options and restricted stock units (rsus) granted to employees and our employee stock purchase plan (espp) to measure the cost of employee services received in exchange for the stock-based awards. the fair value of stock options and espp are estimated on the grant date and offering date using the black-scholes option-pricing model. the fair value of rsus is measured on the grant date based on the closing fair market value of our common stock. the resulting cost is recognized over the period during which an employee is required to provide service in exchange for the awards, usually the vesting period which is generally four years for stock options and rsus and six months for the espp. stock-based compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis, net of estimated forfeitures.
the black-scholes option-pricing model requires inputs such as the risk-free interest rate, expected term and expected volatility. further, the forfeiture rate also affects the amount of aggregate compensation. these inputs are subjective and generally require significant judgment.
we estimate our forfeiture rate based on an analysis of our actual forfeiture experience and will continue to evaluate the appropriateness of the forfeiture rate based on actual forfeiture experience, analysis of employee turnover behavior and other factors. quarterly changes in the estimated forfeiture rate can have a significant effect on reported stock-based compensation expense, as the cumulative effect of adjusting the rate for all expense amortization is recognized in the period the forfeiture estimate is changed. if a revised forfeiture rate is higher than the previously estimated forfeiture rate, an adjustment is made that will result in a decrease to the stock-based compensation expense recognized in the consolidated financial statements. if a revised forfeiture rate is lower than the previously estimated forfeiture rate, an adjustment is made that will result in an increase to the stock-based compensation expense recognized in the consolidated financial statements.
as we accumulate additional employee stock-based awards data over time and as we incorporate market data related to our common stock, we may calculate significantly different volatilities, expected lives and forfeiture rates, which could materially impact the valuation of our stock-based awards and the stock-based compensation expense that we will recognize in future periods. stock-based compensation expense is recorded in our cost of revenues, research and development expenses, and selling, general and administrative expenses.
in august 2012, our board of directors granted 5,274,901 stock options to our ceo (2012 ceo grant).  the 2012 ceo grant consists of ten vesting tranches with a vesting schedule based entirely on the attainment of both performance conditions and market conditions, assuming continued employment and service to us through each vesting date.
each of the vesting tranches requires a combination of one of the ten pre-determined performance milestones outlined below and an incremental increase in our market capitalization of $4.0 billion, as compared to the initial market capitalization of $3.2 billion measured at the time of the 2012 ceo grant.
·   successful completion of the model x alpha prototype;
·   successful completion of the model x beta prototype;
·   completion of the first model x production vehicle;
·   successful completion of the model 3 alpha prototype;
·   successful completion of the model 3 beta prototype;
·   completion of the first model 3 production vehicle;
·   gross margin of 30% or more for four consecutive quarters;
·   aggregate vehicle production of 100,000 vehicles;
·   aggregate vehicle production of 200,000 vehicles; and
·   aggregate vehicle production of 300,000 vehicles.
the term of the 2012 ceo grant is ten years, so any tranches that remain unvested at the expiration of the 2012 ceo grant will be forfeited.  in addition, unvested options will be forfeited if our ceo is no longer in that role, whether for cause or otherwise.
we measured the fair value of the 2012 ceo grant using a monte carlo simulation approach with the following assumptions: risk-free interest rate of 1.65%, expected term of ten years, expected volatility of 55% and dividend yield of 0%.
stock-based compensation expense associated with the 2012 ceo grant is recognized for each pair of performance and market conditions over the longer of the expected achievement period of the performance and market conditions, beginning at the point in time that the relevant performance condition is considered probable of being met.
as of december 31, 2015, the market conditions for seven vesting tranches and the following performance milestones were achieved and approved by our board of directors, and therefore four of ten tranches of the 2012 ceo grant were vested as of such date:
·   successful completion of the model x alpha prototype
·   successful completion of the model x beta prototype; and
·   completion of the first model x production vehicle
·   aggregate vehicle production of 100,000 vehicles
as of december 31, 2015 the following two performance milestones were considered probable of achievement:
·   successful completion of the model 3 alpha prototype; and
·   successful completion of the model 3 beta prototype
as the above three performance milestones were considered probable of achievement, we recorded stock-based compensation expense of $10.6 million, $25.0 million and $14.5 million for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013.
additionally, no cash compensation has ever been received by our ceo for his services to the company.
income taxes we are subject to federal and state taxes in the united states in many foreign jurisdictions. significant judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes, our deferred tax assets and liabilities and any valuation allowance recorded against our net deferred tax assets. we make these estimates and judgments about our future taxable income that are based on assumptions that are consistent with our future plans. tax laws, regulations, and administrative practices may be subject to change due to economic or political conditions including fundamental changes to the tax laws applicable to corporate multinationals. the u.s., many countries in the european union, and a number of other countries are actively considering changes in this regard. as of december 31, 2015, we had recorded a full valuation allowance on our net u.s. deferred tax assets because we expect that it is more likely than not that our u.s. deferred tax assets will not be realized in the foreseeable future. should the actual amounts differ from our estimates, the amount of our valuation allowance could be materially impacted.
furthermore, significant judgment is required in evaluating our tax positions. in the ordinary course of business, there are many transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax settlement is uncertain. as a result, we recognize the effect of this uncertainty on our tax attributes based on our estimates of the eventual outcome. these effects are recognized when, despite our belief that our tax return positions are supportable, we believe that it is more likely than not that those positions may not be fully sustained upon review by tax authorities. we are required to file income tax returns in the united states and various foreign jurisdictions, which requires us to interpret the applicable tax laws and regulations in effect in such jurisdictions. such returns are subject to audit by the various federal, state and foreign taxing authorities, who may disagree with respect to our tax positions. we believe that our consideration is adequate for all open audit years based on our assessment of many factors, including past experience and interpretations of tax law. we review and update our estimates in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the closing of a tax audit, the lapse of a statute of limitations or a change in estimate. to the extent that the final tax outcome of these matters differs from our expectations, such differences may impact income tax expense in the period in which such determination is made. the eventual impact on our income tax expense depends in part if we still have a valuation allowance recorded against our deferred tax assets in the period that such determination is made.
results of operations revenues automotive revenue includes revenues related to deliveries of new model s and model x vehicles, including internet connectivity, supercharging access, and over the air software updates, as well as sales of regulatory credits to other automotive manufacturers, amortization of revenue for cars sold with resale value guarantees, and vehicle leasing revenue.
services and other revenue consists of repair and maintenance services, service plans and merchandise, sales of pre-owned tesla vehicles, sales of electric vehicle powertrain components and systems to other manufacturers, tesla energy products, and net sales of non-tesla vehicle trade-ins.
automotive revenue during the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013 were $3.74 billion, $3.00 billion, and $1.92 billion. the increase was primarily driven by the ramp in vehicle deliveries. for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013 automotive revenue includes $309.4 million, $132.6 million and $33.5 million from the accretion of the deferred revenues from our resale value guarantee and other similar programs, as well as tesla leasing.
service and other revenue during the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013 were $305.0 million, $191.3 million, and $91.6 million, related primarily to increases in pre-owned vehicle sales and maintenance service revenue in all years, and increased powertrain sales in 2014 as compared to 2013.
cost of revenues and gross profit cost of automotive revenues includes direct parts, material and labor costs, manufacturing overhead, including amortized tooling costs, shipping and logistic costs, vehicle internet connectivity costs, allocations of electricity and infrastructure costs related to our supercharger network, and reserves for estimated warranty expenses. cost of revenues also includes adjustments to warranty expense and charges to write down the carrying value of our inventory when it exceeds its estimated net realizable value and to provide for on-hand inventory that is either obsolete or is in excess of forecasted demand.
cost of automotive revenues for the year ended december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013 were $2.82 billion, $2.15 billion, and $1.48 billion. the increase in cost of automotive revenues was driven primarily by increased model s deliveries. for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013, we recognized $172.4 million, $84.5, and $21.1 million in cost of automotive revenues related to cars accounted for as operating leases.
cost of services and other revenue includes direct parts, material and labor costs for repair and maintenance services, allocations of service center overhead costs, pre-owned tesla vehicle sales, sales of our powertrain components, and costs related to the production and sale of tesla energy products. for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013 costs of services and other revenue were $299.2 million, $170.9 million, and $73.9 million. the increase in cost of services and other revenues was driven primarily by greater pre-owned vehicle sales and increased maintenance and repair services in all years, and increased powertrain sales to daimler in 2014 as compared to 2013.
gross profit for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013 were $923.5 million, $881.7 million and $456.3 million gross margin for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013 were 22.8%, 27.6%, and 22.7%. the lower margin in 2015 as compared to 2014 was primarily due to product and regional mix shift, as a greater percentage of sales were derived from vehicle models with lower average selling prices, and increased manufacturing costs related to the ramp in production of the small drive unit for dual motor model s vehicles and start of model x production, obsolete inventory and lower zev credits revenue. this margin decrease was partially offset by an increasing amount of revenues from vehicles accounted for as leases including direct lease vehicles and those under our resale value guarantee programs which have a significantly higher gross margin and from material cost savings. services and other gross margin were also down year over year, primarily driven by a planned price reduction for powertrain sales to daimler.  the increase in gross profit from 2013 to 2014 was primarily due to manufacturing and supply chain efficiencies as well as component cost reductions and higher regulatory credit sales, partially offset by manufacturing inefficiencies associated with transitioning to our new final assembly line and launch of all-wheel drive dual motor model s.
research and development expenses research and development (r&d) expenses consist primarily of personnel costs for our teams in engineering and research, supply chain, quality, manufacturing engineering and manufacturing test organizations, prototyping expense, contract and professional services and amortized equipment expense.
r&d expenses for the year ended december 31, 2015 were $717.9 million, an increase from $464.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. the increase in r&d expenses consisted primarily of a $93.9 million increase in expensed materials primarily to support our model x development and model s improvements, a $75.9 million increase in employee compensation expenses, a $30.6 million increase in facilities and depreciation costs, a $20.1 million increase in costs related to model x, autopilot and dual motor powertrain engineering, design and testing activities and a $22.8 million increase in stock-based compensation expense related to increased headcount and increasing values of awards granted.
r&d expenses for the year ended december 31, 2014 were $464.7 million, an increase from $232.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. the increase in r&d expenses consisted primarily of an $85.3 million increase in employee compensation expenses, a $60.7 million increase in expensed materials primarily to support our model x, dual motor powertrain and right-hand drive model s development, a $50.9 million increase in costs related to model x, dual motor powertrain and right-hand drive model s engineering, design and testing activities, a $28.1 million increase in stock-based compensation expense related to increased headcount and increasing values of awards granted, a $4.1 million increase in office, information technology and facilities-related costs and a $3.3 million increase in shipping charges for model x, dual motor powertrain and right-hand drive model s development.
selling, general and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative (sg&a) expenses consist primarily of personnel and facilities costs related to our tesla retail and service stores, marketing, sales, executive, finance, human resources, information technology and legal organizations, settlements and fees for professional and contract services supporting these functions.
sg&a expenses for the year ended december 31, 2015 were $922.2 million, an increase from $603.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. sg&a expenses increased primarily from higher headcount and facility costs, including stock based compensation, to support an expanded retail, service and supercharger footprint as well as the general growth of the business. the increase in our sg&a expenses consisted primarily of a $138.4 million increase in employee compensation expenses related to higher sales, service and marketing headcount to support sales activities worldwide and higher general and administrative headcount to support the expansion of the business, $126.1 million increase in office, information technology and facilities-related costs to support the growth of our business as well as sales and marketing activities to handle our expanding market presence, a $41.8 million increase in professional and outside services costs, and a $12.2 million increase in stock based compensation.
sg&a expenses for the year ended december 31, 2014 were $603.7 million, an increase from $285.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. sg&a expenses increased primarily from higher headcount and facility costs to support an expanded retail, service and supercharger footprint as well as the general growth of the business. the $318.1 million increase in our sg&a expenses consisted primarily of a $141.1 million increase in employee compensation expenses related to higher sales, service and marketing headcount to support sales activities worldwide and higher general and administrative headcount to support the expansion of the business, a $135.9 million increase in office, information technology and facilities-related costs to support the growth of our business as well as sales and marketing activities to handle our expanding market presence, a $35.8 million increase in stock-based compensation expense related to additional headcount and  increasing value of awards granted and a $27.2 million increase in professional and outside services costs.
interest expense interest expense for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013 was $118.9 million, $100.9 million, and $32.9 million. the increase in interest expense is primarily due to the issuance of $920.0 million aggregate principal amount of 2019 notes and $1.38 billion aggregate principal amount of 2021 notes during the first half of 2014.
other income (expense), net other income (expense), net, consists primarily of foreign exchange gains and losses related to our foreign currency-denominated monetary assets and liabilities and the change in the fair value of our doe common stock warrant liability. our foreign exchange gains and losses will vary depending upon movements in the underlying foreign currency exchange rates. prior to the expiration of the doe warrant in may 2013, the doe warrant had been carried at its estimated fair value with changes in its fair value reflected in other income (expense), net.
other income (expense), net, for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013 was ($41.7) million, $1.8 million and $22.6 million. fluctuations in other income (expense) from 2014 to 2015 are primarily the result of gains (losses) from foreign currency exchange of ($45.6) million and $2.0 million for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014. foreign currency losses during 2015 related primarily to changes in the exchange rates of euro, norwegian krone, canadian dollars, and chinese yuan. other income, net of $22.6 million in 2013 was primarily due to the reduction in fair value of our doe common stock warrant liability of $10.7 million during the year.  other income, net, also includes the favorable foreign currency exchange impact from our foreign currency-denominated liabilities during the year ended december 31, 2013, especially related to the japanese yen.
liquidity and capital resources as of december 31, 2015, we had $1.20 billion in principal sources of liquidity available from our cash and cash equivalents including $297.8 million of money market funds. amounts held in foreign currencies had a us dollar equivalent of $535.6 million as of december 31, 2015, and consisted primarily of euro, danish krone, norwegian krone, swedish krone, canadian dollars, euro, and japanese yen.
sources of cash are predominately from our deliveries of vehicles, as well as customer deposits, sales of regulatory credits, proceeds from financing activities, tesla energy products, and repair and maintenance services. we expect that our current sources of liquidity, including cash and cash equivalents, together with our current projections of cash flow from operating activities, will provide us with adequate liquidity over the next 12 months based on our current plans. these cash flows enable us to fund our ongoing operations, research and development projects for our planned model 3, and certain other future products; purchase tooling and manufacturing equipment required to continue to ramp up production of model x and model s; construct our gigafactory; and establish and expand our retail stores, service centers and supercharger network. we currently anticipate making aggregate capital expenditures of about $1.5 billion in 2016.
in 2015, we entered into a senior secured asset-based revolving credit agreement with a syndicate of banks under which we currently have total commitments of up to $1 billion. the credit agreement provides for a senior secured asset-based revolving credit facility, which we may draw upon as needed, subject to certain conditions. borrowed funds bear interest, at the company's option, at an annual rate of (a) 1% plus libor or (b) the highest of (i) the federal funds rate plus 0.50%, (ii) the lenders "prime rate" or (iii) 1% plus libor.  in february 2016, we amended the credit agreement and increased the availability and the commitments under the credit agreement from $750.0 million to $1.0 billion. as of december 31, 2015, borrowings under the credit facility of $135.0 million were used to repay all borrowings under and terminate a secured asset based line of credit we used to support our direct leasing program.
when market conditions are favorable, we may evaluate alternatives to pursue liquidity options to fund capital intensive initiatives. should prevailing economic, financial, business or other factors adversely affect our ability to meet our operating cash requirements, we could be required to obtain funding though traditional or alternative sources of financing. we cannot be certain that additional funds would be available to us on favorable terms when required, or at all.
summary of cash flows year ended december 31,
net cash provided by (used in) operating activities       $(524,499           )         $(57,337           )                $264,804
cash flows from operating activities our cash flows from operating activities are significantly affected by our cash investments to support the growth of our business in areas such as manufacturing, research and development and selling, general and administrative. our operating cash flows are also affected by our working capital needs to support growth and fluctuations in inventory, personnel related expenditures, accounts payable and other current assets and liabilities.
our operating cash inflows include cash from sales of our vehicles, customer deposits for model s and model x, sales of regulatory credits, cash from the provision of development services, and sales of powertrain components and systems. these cash inflows are offset by payments we make to our suppliers for production materials and parts used in our manufacturing process, employee compensation, operating leases and interest expense on our financings.
cash provided by (used in) operating activities was ($524.5) million, ($57.3) million and $264.8 in 2015, 2014 and 2013. the decrease in operating cash flows in 2015 as compared to 2014 was due to an increase in overall inventory to support growth, and increase in operating lease vehicles, partially offset by proceeds from sales, and higher operating expenses in r&d and sg&a.
the decrease in operating cash flows in 2014 as compared to 2013 was due to an increase in finished goods inventory primarily due to cars whose delivery slipped from q4 of 2014 to the following year, an increase in raw material inventory balances at year end necessary to meet our planned production requirements for model s in q1 of the following year, higher operating expenses in r&d and sg&a, and use of cash for vehicles directly leased by us, partially offset by increased cash receipts from customer payments on vehicle sales, including an increase in customer deposits.
customer deposits we collect deposits from customers at the time they place an order for a vehicle and, in some locations, at certain additional milestones up to the point of delivery. customer deposit amounts and timing vary depending on the vehicle model and country of delivery. customer deposits are fully refundable up to the point the vehicle is placed into the production cycle. amounts are included in current liabilities until refunded or until they are applied to a customer's purchase balance at time of delivery. as of december 31, 2015, we held $283.4 million in customer deposits.
cash flows from investing activities cash flows from investing activities primarily relate to capital expenditures to support our growth in operations, including investments in model s manufacturing equipment and tooling and our stores, service centers and supercharger network infrastructure.  cash used in investing activities was $1.67 billion, $990.4 million and $249.4 million in 2015, 2014 and 2013. cash flows from investing activities and variability between each year related primarily to capital expenditures, which were $1.63 billion, $969.9 million, and $264.2 million in 2015, 2014, and 2013. expenditures in all years consisted primarily of purchases of capital equipment, tooling, and facilities to support our model s and model x manufacturing.
in 2014, we began construction of our gigafactory facility in nevada.  tesla's contribution to total capital expenditures are expected to be about $2.0 billion over the next 5 years.  in 2015, we used cash of $220.0 million towards the construction of the first stage of this project and expect to spend up to $250 million over the next 12 months.
cash flows from financing activities net cash provided by financing activities was $1.52 billion, $2.14 billion and $635.4 million in 2015, 2014 and 2013. cash flows from financing activities during the twelve months ended december 31, 2015 consisted primarily of $738.3 million net proceeds from august 2015 public offering of 3,099,173 shares of common stock and $568.7 received from vehicle sales to our bank leasing partners. the decrease in cash provided from financing in 2015 as compared to 2014 was primarily due to $2.1 billion net proceeds received in 2014 from issuance of our 2019 and 2021 notes.
the increase in cash provided from financing in 2014 as compared to 2013 was primarily due to $2.1 billion net proceeds from the issuance of our 2019 and 2021 notes, including the associated hedge and warrant transactions, representing a $1.5 billion increase in debt financing as compared to 2013. cash flows from financing in 2013 that did not recur in 2014 included proceeds of $415.0 million from the issuance of common stock in public and private offerings and $452.3 million used to repay our doe loans.
0.25% and 1.25% convertible senior notes and bond hedge and warrant transactions in 2014, we issued $920.0 million principal amount of 0.25% convertible senior notes due 2019 (2019 notes) and $1.38 billion principal amount of 1.25% convertible senior notes due 2021 (2021 notes) in a public offering. the total net proceeds from these offerings, after deducting transaction costs, were approximately $905.8 million from the 2019 notes and $1.36 billion from the 2021 notes. the interest rates are fixed at 0.25% and 1.25% per annum for the 2019 and 2021 notes, and are payable semi-annually in arrears on march 1 and september 1 of each year, commencing on september 1, 2014.
in connection with the offering of these notes in 2014, we purchased convertible note hedges for $603.4 million in aggregate and sold warrants for $389.2 million in aggregate. taken together, the purchase of the convertible note hedges and the sale of warrants are intended to offset any actual dilution from the conversion of the 2019 notes and 2021 notes.
during the fourth quarter of 2015, the closing price of our common stock did not meet or exceed 130% of the applicable conversion price of our 2019 notes and 2021 notes on at least 20 of the last 30 consecutive trading days of the quarter; furthermore, no other conditions allowing holders of these notes to convert have been met as of december 31, 2015. therefore, the 2019 notes and 2021 notes are not convertible during the first quarter of 2016 and are classified as long-term debt. should the closing price conditions be met in the first quarter of 2016 or a future quarter, the 2019 notes and/or the 2021 notes will be convertible at their holders' option during the immediately following quarter.
1.50% convertible senior notes and bond hedge and warrant transactions in may 2013, we issued $660.0 million aggregate principal amount of 1.50% convertible senior notes due 2018 (the notes) in a public offering. the net proceeds from the offering, after deducting transaction costs, were approximately $648.0 million. the interest under the notes is fixed at 1.50% per annum and is payable semi-annually in arrears on june 1 and december 1 of each year, commencing on december 1, 2013.
in connection with the offering of the 2018 notes, we purchased convertible note hedges for $177.5 million in aggregate and sold warrants for $120.3 million in aggregate. taken together, the purchase of the convertible note hedges and the sale of warrants are intended to offset any actual dilution from the conversion of the 2018 notes.
during the fourth quarter of 2015, the closing price of our common stock exceeded 130% of the applicable conversion price of our 2018 notes on at least 20 of the last 30 consecutive trading days of the quarter; therefore, holders of 2018 notes may convert their notes during the first quarter of 2016. as such, we classified the $617.7 million carrying value of our 2018 notes as current liabilities and classified $42.1 million, representing the difference between the aggregate principal of our 2018 notes of $659.8 million and the carrying value of 2018 notes, as mezzanine equity on our consolidated balance sheet as of december 31, 2015. similarly, debt issuance costs were classified as other current assets as of december 31, 2015. should the closing price conditions be met in the first quarter of 2016 or a future quarter, the 2018 notes will be convertible at their holders' option during the immediately following quarter.
for more information on the 2018 notes, 2019 notes, and 2021 notes see part ii - item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data, note 8 - convertible notes and long-term debt obligations.
common stock offering and concurrent private placement concurrent with the execution of the 2018 notes and related transactions in may 2013, we also completed a public offering of common stock and sold a total of 3,902,862 shares of our common stock for total cash proceeds of approximately $355.1 million (which includes 487,857 shares or $45.0 million sold to our chief executive officer (ceo)), net of underwriting discounts and offering costs. we also sold 596,272 shares of our common stock to our ceo and received total cash proceeds of $55.0 million in a private placement at the public offering price.
in august 2015, we completed a public offering of common stock and sold a total of 3,099,173 shares of our common stock for total cash proceeds of approximately $738.3 million (which includes 82,645 shares or $20.0 million sold to elon musk, our chief executive officer (ceo)), net of underwriting discounts and offering costs.
contractual obligations we are party to contractual obligations involving commitments to make payments to third parties, including certain debt financing arrangements and leases, primarily for stores, service centers, certain manufacturing and corporate offices. these also include, as part of our normal business practices, contracts with suppliers for purchases of certain raw materials, components, and services to facilitate adequate supply of these materials and services and capacity reservation contracts. we have the following contractual obligations, including firm purchase obligations. a purchase obligation is defined as an agreement to purchase goods or services that is enforceable and legally binding on us and that specifies all significant terms. for obligations with cancellation provisions, the amounts included in the table below were limited to the non-cancelable portion of the agreement terms.  the expected timing of payments of the obligations in the preceding table is estimated based on current information. timing of payments and actual amounts paid may be different, depending on the time of receipt of goods or services, or changes to agreed-upon amounts for some obligations. open purchase orders are generally cancellable in full or in part at our discretion and are therefore not considered firm purchase obligations.
the following table sets forth, as of december 31, 2015 certain significant obligations that will affect our future liquidity (in thousands):
total                   2016                      2017                    2018                    2019                                2020 and thereafter operating lease obligations                     $570,864                            $88,629                 $86,661                 $78,531                $69,013                    $248,030
capital lease obligations, including interest              34,679                    16,758                  11,321                   5,488                  1,112                           -
(1)   amounts do not include future cash payments for purchase obligations which were recorded in accounts payable or accrued liabilities at december 31, 2015.
(2)   these totals represent aggregate purchase commitments with all vendors. some of the commitments included are our agreements with panasonic corporation, to the extent quantities and timing of such purchases are fixed. should we terminate the panasonic contracts prior to purchasing certain minimum quantities, we would owe an additional $57 million under the terms of the agreement as of december 31, 2015.
(3)   during the fourth quarter of 2015, the closing price of our common stock exceeded 130% of the applicable conversion price of our 2018 notes on at least 20 of the last 30 consecutive trading days of the quarter; therefore, holders of 2018 notes may convert their notes during the first quarter of 2016. as such, we classified the $617.7 million carrying value of our 2018 notes as current liabilities on our condensed consolidated balance sheet as of december 31, 2015 and have included related contractual payments in the 2016 category in the table above.
off-balance sheet arrangements during the periods presented, we did not have relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes.