We are a leading supplier of cloud networking solutions that use software innovations to address the needs of large-scale internet companies, cloud service providers, and next-generation data centers. Our cloud networking solutions deliver industry-leading performance, scalability, availability, programmability, automation, and visibility. The programmability of our operating system has allowed us to create a set of software applications that address the requirements of cloud networking, including workflow automation, network visibility, and analytics. We believe that cloud networks will continue to replace legacy network technologies, and that our platform addresses the growing cloud networking segment. As we have grown the functionality of our software and expanded our product portfolio, our revenue has continued to grow rapidly. We have also been profitable and operating cash flow positive for each year since 2010. To continue to grow our revenue, it is important that we both obtain new customers and sell additional products to existing customers. We expect that a substantial portion of our future sales will be follow-on sales to existing customers. Our development model is focused on the development of new products based on our software and enhancements to it. We expect our research and development expenses to increase as we continue to invest heavily in software development to expand the capabilities of our cloud networking platform. We engineer our products to be agnostic to the underlying architecture, allowing us to leverage the investments made by silicon vendors to achieve cost-effective solutions. We work closely with third-party contract manufacturers to manufacture our products, which enables us to maintain operational flexibility and adapt to changing market demands. We have experienced unpredictability in the timing of large orders, especially with respect to our large end customers, due to the complexity of orders and the time it takes end customers to evaluate and accept our products. We expect continued variability in our customer concentration and timing of sales on a quarterly and annual basis. Our sales to large end customers may result in lower margins, and our gross margins may fluctuate as a result of the timing of such sales. We are committed to expanding our sales force and marketing activities to reach new end customers effectively and increase sales to existing customers. We believe one of our greatest strengths lies in our rapid development of new features and applications, which is essential for maintaining our competitive advantage. Our ability to absorb strain and preserve functioning despite adversity is reflected in our ongoing growth and adaptability in response to external pressures. We regularly evaluate our exposure for inventory write-downs and adequacy of our contract manufacturer liabilities, which is critical for maintaining operational continuity. Our future capital requirements will depend on our growth rate, the timing and extent of our spending to support research and development activities, and the continued market acceptance of our products. We believe that our existing balances of cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, together with cash generated from operations, will be sufficient to meet our working capital requirements and growth strategies for at least the next 12 months.