We are a global market leader in the design, development, manufacture, sale, service, and support of commercial jetliners, military aircraft, satellites, missile defense, human space flight, and launch systems and services. Our strategy is centered on successful execution in healthy core businesses, supplemented and supported by Boeing Capital. We focus on producing the products and providing the services that the market demands, and continue to find new ways to improve efficiency and quality to provide a fair return for our shareholders. The commercial jet airplane market and the airline industry remain extremely competitive, with major productivity gains essential to ensure a favorable market position at acceptable profit margins. We face aggressive international competitors who are intent on increasing their market share, which creates pressures on pricing and other competitive factors. We are focused on improving our products and services and continuing our cost-reduction efforts, which enhances our ability to compete. The defense environment remains uncertain, with potential budget cuts or investment priority changes that could result in reductions, cancellations, and/or delays of existing contracts or programs. Our business includes a variety of development programs that have complex design and technical challenges, which may experience schedule delays and cost impacts due to technical or quality issues. We continue to monitor the potential for any disruption and adverse revenue and/or cost impacts from geopolitical economic developments. The aerospace markets we serve include parts distribution, logistics, maintenance, engineering, upgrades, training, and professional services, with expectations for growth driven by the increasing size of the worldwide commercial airline fleet. Airlines are using data analytics to plan flight operations and predictive maintenance to improve their productivity and efficiency. We expect continued access to global markets to be vital for realizing our sales growth potential and long-term investment returns. Our total backlog represents the estimated transaction prices on unsatisfied and partially satisfied performance obligations to our customers, which we believe is probable to collect. The complexity of our airplane programs creates financial risk, as additional completion costs may become necessary or scheduled delivery dates could be extended, potentially triggering termination provisions or order cancellations. We employ a rigorous estimating process for program accounting, which is reviewed and updated quarterly to ensure reliability in our estimates. Changes in underlying assumptions or circumstances may adversely affect financial performance in future periods. Our pension plans are subject to annual measurements based on several assumptions, including the discount rate and expected long-term rate of asset return, which can significantly affect our future annual expense and projected benefit obligation. We believe our ability to access external capital resources should be sufficient to satisfy existing commitments and provide adequate financial flexibility for potential strategic business opportunities. The need for arrangements with suppliers and vendors arises from the extended production planning horizon for many of our products, and we have entered into various industrial participation agreements with customers outside the U.S. to facilitate economic flow back and/or technology or skills transfer as a result of their procurement of goods and/or services from us.