Our mission is to help people experience the world. We aim to achieve our mission through global leadership in online travel and restaurant reservation and related services by providing consumers with the best choices and prices at any time, in any place, on any device; making it easy for people to find, book and experience their travel desires; and providing platforms, tools and insights to our business partners to help them be successful. We believe this growth is the result of the continued innovation and execution by our teams around the world to increase the number and the variety of accommodations we offer our travelers, increase and improve content, build distribution and improve the consumer experience on our online platforms, as well as consistently and effectively marketing our brands through performance and brand marketing efforts. We believe that continuing to expand the number and variety of accommodations available through our services will help us to continue to grow our accommodation reservation business. We also believe these trends and factors have enabled us to become the leading online accommodation reservation service provider in the world. Our growth has primarily been generated by our worldwide accommodation reservation service brand, which has been due, in part, to the availability of a large and growing number of instantly bookable properties. We intend to continue to invest in adding accommodations available for reservation on our platforms. However, the growth rate of our accommodations may vary in part as a result of removing accommodations from our platforms from time to time. We may also experience lower profit margins with respect to these properties due to certain additional costs, such as increased customer service costs, related to offering these accommodations on our platforms. As we increase our alternative accommodation business, these different characteristics could negatively impact our profit margins. We believe that our future success depends in large part on our ability to continue to profitably grow our brands worldwide, and, over time, to offer other travel and travel-related services. We have observed a long-term trend of decreasing performance marketing returns on investment, a trend we expect to continue, though the rate of decrease may fluctuate and there may be periods of stable or increasing returns on investment from time to time. We have experienced volatility in transaction growth rates, increased cancellation rates and weaker trends in hotel average daily rates across many regions of the world, particularly in those countries that appear to be most affected by economic and political uncertainties. We believe that many factors influence cancellation rates, and it is uncertain whether future cancellation rates will continue to decrease, stabilize or continue their prior trend of generally increasing over time. We intend to continue to invest in marketing and promotion, technology and personnel within parameters consistent with attempts to improve long-term operating results, even if those expenditures create pressure on operating margins. The uncertain and highly competitive environment in which we operate makes the prediction of future results of operations difficult, and accordingly, we may not be able to sustain revenue growth and profitability. We believe that providing an extensive collection of properties, excellent customer service and an intuitive, easy-to-use consumer experience are important factors influencing a consumer's decision to make a reservation. Our international business represents a substantial majority of our financial results, and we expect our operating results and other financial metrics to continue to be largely driven by international performance.