We believe that we have been successful historically in adapting our business to changes, such as through adjustments to our pricing and to our merchandise mix, including increasing the penetration of our private label items, and through our online offerings. Our philosophy is to provide our members with quality goods and services at competitive prices. We do not focus in the short term on maximizing prices charged, but instead seek to maintain what we believe is a perception among our members of our "pricing authority" on quality goods - consistently providing the most competitive values. Our investments in merchandise pricing can, from time to time, include reducing prices on merchandise to drive sales or meet competition and holding prices steady despite cost increases instead of passing the increases on to our members. We believe that our gasoline business draws members but it generally has a significantly lower gross margin percentage relative to our non-gasoline business. Rapidly changing gasoline prices may significantly impact our near-term net sales growth. Generally, rising gasoline prices benefit net sales growth which, given the higher sales base, negatively impacts our gross margin percentage but decreases our selling, general and administrative (SG&A) expenses as a percentage of net sales. We also achieve sales growth by opening new warehouses. As our warehouse base grows, available and desirable potential sites become more difficult to secure, and square footage growth becomes a comparatively less substantial component of growth. The negative aspects of such growth, however, including lower initial operating profitability relative to existing warehouses and cannibalization of sales at existing warehouses when openings occur in existing markets, are continuing to decline in significance as they relate to the results of our total operations. Our membership format is an integral part of our business and has a significant effect on our profitability. The extent to which we achieve growth in our membership base, increase the penetration of our executive members, and sustain high renewal rates materially influences our profitability. Our financial performance depends heavily on our ability to control costs. While we believe that we have achieved successes in this area, some significant costs are partially outside our control, most particularly health care and utility expenses. Our philosophy is not to seek to minimize employee wages and benefits. Rather, we believe that achieving our longer-term objectives of reducing employee turnover and enhancing employee satisfaction requires maintaining compensation levels that are better than the industry average for much of our workforce. Because our business is operated on very low margins, modest changes in various items in the income statement, particularly merchandise costs and selling, general and administrative expenses, can have substantial impacts on net income. We opened 25 new warehouses, including 4 relocations, in 2018. Our e-commerce business growth, domestically and internationally, has also increased our sales. We continue to consider undistributed earnings of certain non-U.S. consolidated subsidiaries prior to fiscal 2018 to be indefinitely reinvested and have not provided for withholding or state taxes. Management believes that our cash position and operating cash flows will be sufficient to meet our liquidity and capital requirements for the foreseeable future. We maintain bank credit facilities for working capital and general corporate purposes. The company currently has no plans to draw upon this facility. The amount of borrowings available at any time under our bank credit facilities is reduced by the amount of standby and commercial letters of credit then outstanding. We are predominantly self-insured for employee health-care benefits, workers' compensation, general liability, property damage, directors' and officers' liability, vehicle liability, and inventory loss. The costs of claims are highly unpredictable and can fluctuate as a result of inflation rates, regulatory or legal changes, and unforeseen developments in claims of an extended nature.