We are a global leader in customer relationship management technology that enables companies to improve their relationships and interactions with customers. Our core mission is to empower our customers of every size and industry to connect with their customers in new ways through existing and emerging technologies including cloud, mobile, social, internet of things, and artificial intelligence technologies. We believe the factors that will influence our ability to achieve our objectives include our prospective customers' willingness to migrate to enterprise cloud computing services; our ability to maintain a balanced portfolio of products and customers; the availability, performance and security of our service; our ability to continue to release, and gain customer acceptance of, new and improved features; and our ability to successfully integrate acquired businesses and technologies. Our plans to invest for future growth include the continuation of the expansion of our data center capacity, whether internally or through the use of third parties, the hiring of additional personnel, particularly in direct sales, other customer-related areas and research and development, and the expansion of domestic and international selling and marketing activities. We continue to invest in a variety of customer programs and initiatives which, along with increasing enterprise adoption, have helped keep our attrition rate consistent as compared to the prior year. Consistent attrition rates play a role in our ability to maintain growth in our subscription and support revenues. We expect that research and development expenses will increase in absolute dollars and may increase as a percentage of total revenues as we continue to invest in additional employees and technology to support the development of new, and improve existing, technologies and the integration of acquired technologies. We also plan to add employees in our professional services group to facilitate the adoption of our services. We have entered into various contractual commitments with infrastructure service providers for a total commitment of $2.0 billion, which are associated with agreements that are enforceable and legally binding. We expect capital expenditures to be higher in absolute dollars and remain consistent as a percentage of total revenues in future periods as a result of continued office build-outs, other leasehold improvements, and data center investments. We are committed to a sustainable, low-carbon future, advancing equality and diversity, and fostering employee success. We try to integrate social good into everything we do. Our ongoing work to promote equality includes reviewing the salaries and bonuses of our global workforce on an annual basis to ensure everyone is paid equally for equal work and close any unexplained gaps. We have significantly increased the diversity of our board over the past five years, including with respect to gender and race. We believe that this investment in professional services facilitates the adoption of our service offerings. We expect to continue to make such investments and acquisitions in the future and we plan to reinvest a significant portion of our incremental revenue in future periods to grow our business and continue our leadership role in the cloud computing industry. We also regularly evaluate acquisitions or investment opportunities in complementary businesses, joint ventures, services and technologies and intellectual property rights in an effort to expand our service offerings. Our growth strategy includes delivering innovative solutions in new categories, including analytics, e-commerce, artificial intelligence, and collaborative productivity tools. We remain focused on improving operating margins and maintaining our operational flexibility in the face of external pressures.