Our MD&A includes the following sections: executive summary, results of operations and non-GAAP measures, liquidity and capital resources, and critical accounting policies. We believe the percentage relationship between net sales and major categories in our consolidated statements of earnings, as well as the percentage change in the associated dollar amounts, are relevant to an evaluation of our business. The increase in comparable sales reflected a number of factors, including the execution of our strategic efforts to drive an enhanced interconnected experience in both the physical and digital worlds. The increase in net earnings during fiscal 2018 was primarily due to a lower effective income tax rate resulting from the enactment of the tax act and higher comparable sales. Our operating cash flows result primarily from cash received from our customers, offset by cash payments we make for products and services, employee compensation, operations, and occupancy costs. Cash provided by or used in operating activities is also subject to changes in working capital. Our self-insured retention or deductible, as applicable, for each claim involving general liability, workers' compensation, and automobile liability is limited to $25 million, $1 million, and $1 million, respectively. We have established liabilities for certain losses related to general liability, workers' compensation, employee group medical, and automobile claims for which we are self-insured. We evaluate our long-lived assets each quarter for indicators of potential impairment. The evaluation for long-lived assets is performed at the lowest level of identifiable cash flows, which is generally the individual store level. Our cash flow projections look several years into the future and include assumptions on variables such as future sales and operating margin growth rates, economic conditions, market competition, and inflation. We have the ability to obtain alternative sources of financing. We believe that our current cash position, access to the long-term debt capital markets, funds available from our commercial paper programs, and cash flow generated from operations should be sufficient not only for our operating requirements but also to enable us to complete our capital expenditure programs and fund dividend payments, share repurchases, and any required long-term debt payments through the next several fiscal years. We assess our sales performance by evaluating both net sales and comparable sales. The increase in net sales in fiscal 2018 primarily reflected the impact of positive comparable sales driven by average ticket growth and increased customer transactions. The increase in comparable average ticket was due in large part to strong sales in big ticket purchases in certain categories. The modest decline in gross profit margin for fiscal 2017 reflected the impact of lower margin hurricane-related sales and higher shrink, partially offset by benefits from our supply chain. We recognize revenue, net of estimated returns and sales tax, at the time the customer takes possession of merchandise or when a service is performed. We estimate the liability for sales returns, including the estimated gross profit impact, based on our historical return levels and believe that our estimate for sales returns is a reasonable reflection of future returns. We believe that our estimate of vendor allowances earned based on expected volume of purchases over the incentive period is an accurate reflection of the ultimate allowance to be received from our vendors. The additional week in fiscal 2018 contributed to gross profit and operating expenses. We expect capital expenditures of approximately $2.7 billion in fiscal 2019. Our significant contractual obligations at February 3, 2019, reflect payments due by period, including short-term and long-term debt, capital lease obligations, and operating lease obligations.