Open surgery remains the predominant form of surgery and is used in almost every area of the body. However, the large incisions required for open surgery create trauma to patients, typically resulting in longer hospitalization and recovery times, increased hospitalization costs, and additional pain and suffering relative to minimally invasive surgery (MIS), where MIS is available. For over three decades, MIS has reduced trauma to patients by allowing selected surgeries to be performed through small ports rather than large incisions. Da Vinci surgical systems enable surgeons to extend the benefits of MIS to many patients who would otherwise undergo a more invasive surgery by using computational, robotic, and imaging technologies to overcome many of the limitations of traditional open surgery or conventional MIS. Our technology is designed to provide surgeons with a range of articulation of the surgical instruments used in the surgical field analogous to the motions of a human wrist, while filtering out the tremor inherent in a surgeon's hand. Within our integrated ecosystem, our products are designed to decrease variability in surgery by offering dependable, consistent functionality and user experiences for surgeons seeking better outcomes. We take a holistic 'systems' approach to offer intelligent technology and systems designed to work together to make MIS intervention more available and applicable. We believe our leasing program has been effective and well-received, and we are willing to expand it based on customer demand, including alternative structures such as usage-based payment models. Our da Vinci system leasing provides customers with flexibility regarding how they acquire da Vinci surgical systems. The success of the da Vinci SP product is dependent on positive experiences and improved clinical outcomes for the procedures it has been cleared for as well as securing additional clinical clearances. The installed base of da Vinci surgical systems grew significantly, reflecting our ability to adapt and respond to market demands. We expect that our OUS procedures and revenue will make up a greater portion of our business in the long term. The growth rate for 2018 was lower than the growth rate in the previous year primarily due to lower procedure growth in China. We believe growth in these global markets is being driven by increased acceptance among surgeons and health systems, supported by expanded global evidence validating the clinical and economic value of da Vinci procedures. Our strategy is to provide hospitals with attractive clinical and economic solutions across the spectrum of procedure complexity, which reflects our commitment to organizational resilience through innovation and adaptability in response to external pressures and market dynamics. We anticipate that we will continue to make substantial investments in research and development and expect that research and development expenses will continue to increase in the future. We are committed to expanding our operational capabilities and enhancing our service offerings to maintain competitive advantage and ensure organizational health in a rapidly evolving healthcare landscape.