We operate in an environment characterized by both complexity in global security and continuing economic pressures in the U.S. and globally. A significant component of our strategy in this environment is to focus on program execution, improving the quality and predictability of the delivery of our products and services, and placing security capability quickly into the hands of our U.S. and international customers at affordable prices. Recognizing that our customers are resource constrained, we are endeavoring to develop and extend our portfolio domestically in a disciplined manner with a focus on adjacent markets close to our core capabilities, as well as growing our international sales. We continue to focus on affordability initiatives. We also expect to continue to innovate and invest in technologies to fulfill new mission requirements for our customers and invest in our people so that we have the technical skills necessary to succeed without limiting our ability to return a substantial portion of our free cash flow to our investors in the form of dividends and share repurchases. We routinely conduct discussions, evaluate targets, and enter into agreements regarding possible acquisitions, divestitures, ventures, and equity investments. In pursuing our business strategy, we aim to strengthen our portfolio of products and services to meet the current and future needs of our customers. Our business segments include aeronautics, missiles and fire control, rotary and mission systems, and space, which are organized based on the nature of the products and services offered. The financial information includes the results of businesses we have acquired from their respective dates of acquisition and excludes businesses included in discontinued operations. We monitor the nature and amount of costs at the contract level, which form the basis for estimating our total costs to complete the contract. Our contracts generally allow for the recovery of costs in the pricing of our products and services. We have a number of programs that are designated as classified by the U.S. government, which cannot be specifically described. Our net sales are primarily derived from long-term contracts for products and services provided to the U.S. government as well as foreign military sales contracted through the U.S. government. We recognize revenue as performance obligations are satisfied and the customer obtains control of the products and services. We assess each contract at its inception to determine whether it should be combined with other contracts. We evaluate the products or services promised in each contract at inception to determine whether the contract should be accounted for as having one or more performance obligations. Our contracts are typically accounted for as one performance obligation. We analyze the risk of a significant revenue reversal and if necessary constrain the amount of variable consideration recognized in order to mitigate this risk. We continually evaluate the recoverability of our environmental receivables by assessing, among other factors, U.S. government regulations, our U.S. government business base and contract mix, and our history of receiving reimbursement of such costs. We consider the above factors in our quarterly estimates of the timing and amount of any future costs that may be required for environmental remediation activities, which results in the calculation of a range of estimates for a particular environmental remediation site. Our ability to recover investments on our consolidated balance sheet that we make to satisfy offset obligations is generally dependent upon the successful operation of ventures that we do not control and may involve products and services that are dissimilar to our business activities. We expect to continue to issue commercial paper backed by our $2.5 billion revolving credit facility to manage the timing of cash flows. We also have additional access to credit markets, if needed, for liquidity or general corporate purposes.