Our primary sources of liquidity are cash generated from operations and financing obtained from capital markets and financial institutions. We are continuously evaluating alternatives for efficiently funding our capital expenditures and ongoing operations. We expect that our cash and investments, cash flows from operations, and available financing will be sufficient to meet our requirements at least through the next 12 months. To develop new product and process technology, support future growth, achieve operating efficiencies, and maintain product quality, we must continue to invest in manufacturing technologies, facilities and equipment, and research and development. We periodically assess the estimated useful lives of our property, plant, and equipment. The effect of the revision was not material for 2016 and reduced depreciation expense at the time by approximately $100 million per quarter. We continue to jointly develop nand technologies with Intel through the third generation of 3D nand, which is expected to be completed in the second half of 2019. Our research and development expenses vary primarily with the number of development wafers processed, the cost of advanced equipment dedicated to new product and process development, and personnel costs. R&D expenses can vary significantly depending on the timing of product qualification. We share the cost of certain product and process development activities under development agreements with partners, including agreements to jointly develop nand and 3D xpoint technologies with Intel. We continue to jointly develop 3D xpoint technologies with Intel through the second generation of 3D xpoint technology, which is expected to be completed in the second half of 2019. Our operating income improved from 2017 primarily due to improved pricing and higher sales volumes resulting from strong demand for our products combined with manufacturing cost reductions. We are subject to the possibility of losses from various contingencies. Significant judgment is necessary to estimate the probability and amount of a loss, if any, from such contingencies. We accrue a liability and charge operations for the estimated costs of adjudication or settlement of asserted and unasserted claims existing as of the balance sheet date. Our management believes the accounting policies below are critical in the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and require management's most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments. We periodically assess the estimated useful lives of our property, plant, and equipment. We have interests in entities that are VIEs. Determining whether to consolidate a VIE requires judgment in assessing whether an entity is a VIE and if we are the entity's primary beneficiary. Our assessments of whether we are the primary beneficiary of our VIEs require significant assumptions and judgments. We are continuously evaluating alternatives for efficiently funding our capital expenditures and ongoing operations. We expect that our cash and investments, cash flows from operations, and available financing will be sufficient to meet our requirements at least through the next 12 months. We are continuously evaluating alternatives for efficiently funding our capital expenditures and ongoing operations. We expect, from time to time, to engage in a variety of financing transactions for such purposes, including the issuance of securities. We have an undrawn revolving credit facility that expires in July 2023 and provides for borrowings of up to $2.00 billion. Our investments consist primarily of money market funds and liquid investment-grade, fixed-income securities, diversified among industries and individual issuers. To mitigate credit risk, we invest through high-credit-quality financial institutions and by policy generally limit the concentration of credit exposure by restricting the amount of investments with any single obligor. We have commitments of approximately $1.8 billion for the acquisition of property, plant, and equipment, substantially all of which is expected to be paid within one year. We are subject to the possibility of losses from various contingencies. Significant judgment is necessary to estimate the probability and amount of a loss, if any, from such contingencies.