Our strategies are designed to address key challenges facing our company, including shifting consumer preferences and behaviors; a highly competitive operating environment; a rapidly changing retail landscape, including the growth in e-commerce; continued macroeconomic and political volatility; and an evolving regulatory landscape. We continue to monitor the economic, operating and political environment in these markets closely and to identify actions to potentially mitigate any unfavorable impacts on our future results. We believe these priorities will position our company for long-term sustainable growth. We leverage an integrated risk management framework to identify, assess, prioritize, address, manage, monitor and communicate these risks across the company's operations. The Pepsico Risk Committee meets regularly to identify, assess, prioritize and address top strategic, financial, operating, compliance, safety, reputational and other risks. We continue to monitor changes in the retail landscape and to identify actions we may take to build our global e-commerce capabilities, distribute our products effectively through all existing and emerging channels of trade and potentially mitigate any unfavorable impacts on our future results. We are subject to risks in the normal course of business. Certain jurisdictions in which our products are made, manufactured, distributed or sold operated in a challenging environment, experiencing unstable economic, political and social conditions, civil unrest, natural disasters, debt and credit issues, and currency fluctuations. We continue to monitor existing and proposed taxes and regulations in the jurisdictions in which our products are made, manufactured, distributed and sold and to consider actions we may take to potentially mitigate the unfavorable impact, if any, of such taxes, regulations or limitations. We are exposed to market risks arising from adverse changes in commodity prices, foreign exchange rates and currency restrictions, and interest rates. In the normal course of business, we manage commodity price, foreign exchange and interest rate risks through a variety of strategies, including productivity initiatives, global purchasing programs and hedging. Our risk management office provides ongoing guidance, tools and analytical support to the Pepsico Risk Committee and the division and key country risk committees, identifies and assesses potential risks and facilitates ongoing communication between the parties. We believe that our cash generating capability and financial condition, together with our revolving credit facilities and other available methods of debt financing, will be adequate to meet our operating, investing and financing needs. We are committed to providing timely, accurate and understandable information to investors. Our commitment encompasses maintaining strong controls over financial reporting. We continuously review our business results and strategies. This encompasses financial discipline in our strategic and daily business decisions. Our executive committee is actively involved in understanding strategies and alternatives to reviewing key initiatives and financial performance. We have maintained strong governance policies and practices for many years. Our audit committee is comprised of independent directors with the financial literacy, knowledge and experience to provide appropriate oversight. We regularly evaluate productivity initiatives beyond the productivity plans and other initiatives discussed above. We expect to incur pre-tax charges and cash expenditures in connection with our productivity plans, which will leverage new technology and business models to further simplify, harmonize and automate processes; re-engineer our go-to-market and information systems; and optimize our manufacturing and supply chain footprint. We are committed to conducting business with integrity and within both the letter and the spirit of the law, which will enable us to operate effectively in complex and challenging environments.