Our mission is to accelerate the world's transition to sustainable energy. We continue to enhance our vehicle offerings with enhanced autopilot options, internet connectivity, and free over-the-air software updates to provide additional safety, convenience, and performance features. We believe that the unique features of our vehicles, the safety aspects of each of our vehicles, our constant innovation, and our growing brand will continue to generate incremental demand for our vehicles. We remain focused on further cost improvements and on increasing the affordability of model 3. We expect to build a production process that is optimized and simplified for model 3 production at gigafactory shanghai to begin production of certain trims of model 3 for china. We believe that the efficiencies of local production, as well as avoiding certain tariffs on u.s.-manufactured vehicles, will allow us to offer model 3 at a lower average selling price in the largest market for electric vehicles in the world. We are also expanding our servicing capabilities for our rapidly growing customer vehicle fleet, including by growing our service locations and mobile service fleet. We plan to continue to significantly increase the number of superchargers and destination charging connectors globally. However, we will have to stabilize and sustain our delivery and logistics model to deliver an increasing number of vehicles, and we have only limited experience with this at scale, particularly in markets outside of north america. We expect that our current sources of liquidity together with our projection of cash flows from operating activities will provide us with adequate liquidity over at least the next 12 months. We can adjust our capital and operating expenditures by operating segment, including future expansion of our product offerings, retail and service locations, body shops, mobile service fleet, and supercharger network. We are making progress with our self-driving technology, and our neural net and functionality continue to improve. We are continuing to ramp production for energy storage products at gigafactory 1, including through a new production line, and we have seen further manufacturing efficiencies and improvements in our installation processes as we ramp. We are continuing to reduce customer acquisition costs of our energy generation products, transitioning away from former channel partners and shifting our sales strategy significantly. We expect our energy storage products to continue to experience significant growth, and we are targeting to more than double our deployments to over 2 gwh in 2019. Our goal is to produce the world's highest quality vehicles as quickly and as cost-effectively as possible with a priority on workplace health and safety. We believe that the capital spend per unit of model 3 manufacturing capacity at gigafactory shanghai will be less than that of our line in fremont. We expect that much of our investment in gigafactory shanghai will be funded through indebtedness arranged through local financial institutions in china. We are continually evaluating our capital expenditure needs and may decide it is best to raise additional capital to fund the rapid growth of our business. We have an agreement to spend or incur $5.0 billion in combined capital, operational expenses, costs of goods sold, and other costs in the state of new york during the 10-year period following full production at gigafactory 2. We anticipate meeting these obligations through our operations at this facility and other operations within the state of new york.