During 2018, we produced strong revenue growth across all three segments, achieving solid operating profit growth in both our international package and supply chain & freight segments. The benefits of our efficiency and growth initiatives in the U.S. will not be fully realized until future periods. Our operating profit was negatively impacted primarily by planned costs related to our transformation strategy, higher pension expenses, and the impact of bringing new facility and technology projects online. We believe that these adjusted financial measures provide meaningful information to assist investors and analysts in understanding our financial results and assessing our prospects for future performance. We supplement the reporting of our financial information with non-GAAP measures, which exclude items that may not be indicative of our underlying operating results. The year-over-year comparisons of our financial results are affected by various items, including transformation strategy costs and mark-to-market charges related to defined benefit plans. We evaluate the performance of our businesses on an adjusted basis, which reflects our ongoing operating performance without considering the short-term impact of transformation strategy costs. Our overall volume increased across all products in 2018 despite one less operating day, largely due to continued growth in overall retail sales, with e-commerce representing a larger percentage of the total growth. Business-to-consumer shipments grew significantly, driving overall increases in both air and ground shipments. The increase in ground volume was driven by growth in residential ground and surepost volume, benefiting from continued e-commerce demand. Our operating expenses increased significantly, primarily due to pickup and delivery costs, the cost of operating our domestic integrated air and ground network, and the costs of package sorting. These expenses were primarily due to higher volume, increased employee compensation costs, and higher fuel prices. We incurred higher employee compensation and benefit costs largely resulting from volume growth and an increase in average daily union labor hours. Additionally, we incurred higher costs associated with outside contract carriers, primarily due to volume growth and higher fuel surcharges passed to us by carriers. We continue to deploy and utilize technology to increase package sorting and delivery productivity. We have commitments for the purchase of aircraft, vehicles, equipment, and real estate to provide for the replacement of existing capacity and anticipated future growth. Our capital expenditures will depend on various factors, including economic and industry conditions. We anticipate that our capital expenditures will be approximately $7.0 billion in 2019. Our liquidity and capital resources are expected to be adequate for operating requirements and to enable us to complete our capital expenditure programs. We believe that funds from operations and borrowing programs will provide adequate sources of liquidity and capital resources to meet our expected long-term needs for the operation of our business. We are involved in various legal proceedings and contingencies, which may impact our financial condition. We continuously monitor market conditions and other factors to determine if interim impairment tests are necessary, and we have not incurred any goodwill impairment charges in recent years.