item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k and with part i, item 1a, "risk factors." please refer to the cautionary language at the beginning of part i of this annual report on form 10-k regarding forward-looking statements.
our business serves customers that are driven by end-user demand for electronics systems, integrated circuits and devices that are smaller, use less power and provide more functionality. we must keep pace with our customers' technical developments, satisfy industry standards and meet our customers' increasingly demanding performance, productivity, quality and predictability requirements. we offer innovative solutions to help our customers meet these demands and our future performance depends on our ability to innovate, commercialize newly developed solutions and enhance and maintain our current products. our acquisitions may increase the speed at which we can deliver innovative solutions to our customers.
we have identified certain items that management uses as performance indicators to manage our business, including revenue, certain elements of operating expenses and cash flow from operations, and we describe these items further below under the headings "results of operations" and "liquidity and capital resources."
•   continued investment in research and development activities focused on creating and enhancing our products to maintain the pace of innovation required by our customers; and
revenue we primarily generate revenue from licensing our software and ip, selling or leasing our emulation and prototyping hardware technology, providing maintenance for our software, hardware and ip, providing engineering services and earning royalties generated from the use of our ip. the timing of our revenue is significantly affected by the mix of software, hardware and ip products generating revenue in any given period and whether the revenue is recognized over multiple periods or up front, upon completion of delivery. our revenue may also be affected by our ability to bring to market newly developed or acquired technology. during fiscal 2017, we acquired technology that is not expected to generate significant incremental revenue during fiscal 2018. for an additional description of our acquisitions, see note 7 in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
approximately 90% of our revenue is recognized over time, and the remainder of the resulting revenue is recognized up front, upon completion of delivery. revenue recognized over time includes revenue from our time-based software arrangements, certain ip license arrangements where revenue is recognized over multiple periods, services, royalties from certain ip arrangements, maintenance on perpetual software licenses and hardware, and operating leases of hardware. upfront revenue is primarily generated by our sales of emulation and prototyping hardware and perpetual software and certain ip licenses. our ability to maintain this mix in any single fiscal period may be impacted primarily by delivery of hardware and ip products to our customers. for an additional description of the impact of emulation hardware sales on the timing of revenue recognition, see the discussion under the heading "critical accounting estimates - revenue recognition."
beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2018, we will recognize revenue based on the revenue recognition requirements of accounting standards update ("asu") 2014-09, "revenue from contracts with customers (topic 606)." under the new standard, we will continue to recognize revenue over time for our software arrangements, and the timing of revenue recognition for our hardware and professional services is expected to remain substantially unchanged. for additional information on the impact the new accounting standard will have on our revenue, see the discussion under the heading "new accounting standards."
•   competitiveness of our technology; and
◦   contract renewals with existing customers;
◦   additional sales to existing customers; and
product and maintenance revenue increased during fiscal 2017, as compared to fiscal 2016, primarily because of growth in our software and ip businesses, partially offset by lower revenue from emulation and prototyping hardware. product and maintenance revenue increased during fiscal 2016, as compared to fiscal 2015, primarily because of an increase in revenue from our palladium z1 enterprise emulation system and our digital ic product offerings, offset by a reduction in revenue from our ip offerings.
digital ic design and signoff                                            29   %      29   %      28   %
revenue by product group fluctuates from period to period based on demand for, and our available resources to deliver and support our products and services. as described in note 2 in the notes to consolidated financial statements, certain of our licensing arrangements allow customers the ability to remix among software products. additionally, we have arrangements with customers that include a combination of our products, with the actual product selection and number of licensed users to be determined at a later date. for these arrangements, we estimate the allocation of the revenue to product groups based upon the expected usage of our products. the actual usage of our products by these customers may differ and, if that proves to be the case, the revenue allocation in the table above would differ.
united states                         $829.4                $832.6                $782.4               $(3.2    )         -    %           $50.2              6    %
revenue for the united states decreased during fiscal 2017, as compared to fiscal 2016, primarily due to lower revenue from emulation and prototyping hardware and services, partially offset by growth in revenue from software and ip. for the primary factors contributing to the increase in revenue for other americas, asia, and europe, middle east and africa and japan during fiscal 2017, as compared to fiscal 2016, see the general description under "revenue by year" above.
for the primary factors contributing to the increase in revenue for the united states, other americas, asia, and europe, middle east and africa during fiscal 2016, as compared to fiscal 2015, see the general description under "revenue by year" above. revenue for japan decreased during fiscal 2016, as compared to fiscal 2015, primarily due to difficult business conditions facing our japanese customers.
united states                     42   %      46   %      46   %
most of our revenue is transacted in the united states dollar. however, certain revenue transactions are denominated in foreign currencies. for an additional description of how changes in foreign exchange rates affect our consolidated financial statements, see the discussion under item 7a, "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk - foreign currency risk."
cost of product and maintenance cost of product and maintenance includes costs associated with the sale and lease of our emulation and prototyping hardware and licensing of our software and ip products, certain employee salary and benefits and other employee-related costs, cost of our customer support services, amortization of technology-related and maintenance-related acquired intangibles, costs of technical documentation and royalties payable to third-party vendors. costs associated with our emulation and prototyping hardware products include materials, assembly, testing, applicable reserves and overhead. these hardware manufacturing costs make our cost of emulation and prototyping hardware products higher, as a percentage of revenue, than our cost of software and ip products.
cost of product and maintenance depends primarily on our hardware product sales in any given period. cost of product and maintenance is also affected by employee salary and benefits and other employee-related costs, as well as the timing and extent to which we acquire intangible assets, acquire or license third-parties' intellectual property or technology and sell our products that include such acquired or licensed intellectual property or technology.
other items                                (3.1          )                 (2.3      )
costs of emulation and prototyping hardware decreased during fiscal 2017, as compared to fiscal 2016, primarily due to lower revenue for emulation and prototyping hardware. gross margins on our hardware products will fluctuate based on product life cycle, product competition, product mix and pricing strategies. emulation and prototyping hardware costs increased during fiscal 2016, as compared to fiscal 2015, primarily due to higher emulation hardware volume and an increase in charges for reserves on inventory during fiscal 2016 as we approached the end of the product life cycle of palladium xp, a previous generation of our palladium hardware platform.
cost of services cost of services primarily includes employee salary, benefits and other employee-related costs to perform work on revenue-generating projects, costs to maintain the infrastructure necessary to manage a services organization, and provisions for contract losses, if any. cost of services will fluctuate from period to period based on our utilization of design services engineers on revenue-generating projects or on internal development projects. cost of services increased during fiscal 2017, as compared to fiscal 2016, and decreased during fiscal 2016, as compared to fiscal 2015, primarily due to variation in the number of personnel dedicated to deliver and support our services and custom ip offerings.
operating expenses our operating expenses include marketing and sales, research and development and general and administrative expenses. factors that cause our operating expenses to fluctuate include changes in the number of employees due to hiring and acquisitions, restructuring activities, foreign exchange rates, stock-based compensation and the impact of our variable compensation programs that are driven by overall operating results.
many of our operating expenses are transacted in various foreign currencies. we recognize lower expenses in periods when the united states dollar strengthens in value against other currencies and we recognize higher expenses when the united states dollar weakens against other currencies. for an additional description of how changes in foreign exchange rates affect our consolidated financial statements, see the discussion in item 7a, "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk - foreign currency risk."
salary, benefits and other employee-related costs         $18.5                    $(6.3      )
facilities and other infrastructure costs                   4.8                      0.4
other items                                                (1.8      )               0.4
costs included in marketing and sales increased during fiscal 2017, as compared to fiscal 2016, primarily due to additional headcount in fiscal 2017 and an increase in incentive compensation. costs included in marketing and sales decreased during fiscal 2016, as compared to fiscal 2015, primarily due to year-over-year headcount reductions within our sales organization.
salary, benefits and other employee-related costs         $44.4                    $75.7
facilities and other infrastructure costs                   9.8                      9.9
other items                                                (0.6      )               2.0
we must invest significantly in product research and development to keep pace with the latest manufacturing technology. the demand for new ic manufacturing technology directly impacts the demand for our newest products and we must keep pace with our customers' technical developments, satisfy industry standards and meet our customers' increasingly demanding performance, productivity, quality and predictability requirements. costs included in research and development increased during fiscal 2017, as compared to fiscal 2016, and during fiscal 2016, as compared to fiscal 2015, primarily due to incremental investments in research and development as a result of additional hiring.
salary, benefits and other employee-related costs           3.3                      4.4
acquisition-related costs                                  (4.9      )               4.9
other items                                                 1.0                      2.5
general and administrative costs increased during fiscal 2017, as compared to fiscal 2016, primarily due to an increase in accounting and tax services and an increase in employee salaries and benefits. general and administrative costs increased during fiscal 2016, as compared to fiscal 2015, primarily due to increased headcount and merit adjustments for existing employees and costs associated with our fiscal 2016 acquisitions.
increase due to additions of acquired intangibles                $0.3                     $1.0
restructuring and other charges we have initiated several restructuring plans in recent years to better align our resources with our business strategy. because the restructuring charges and related benefits are derived from management's estimates made during the formulation of the restructuring plans, based on then-currently available information, our restructuring plans may not achieve the benefits anticipated on the timetable or at the level contemplated. demand for our products and services and, ultimately, our future financial performance, is difficult to predict with any degree of certainty. accordingly, additional actions, including further restructuring of our operations, may be required in the future.
the following table presents restructuring and other charges (credits), net for our restructuring plans:
severanceandbenefits           excessfacilities      other                  total
for an additional description of our restructuring plans, see note 11 in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
revolving credit facility       1.3               1.6               0.5
for an additional description of our debt arrangements, see note 3 in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
the tax act included several provisions that affected us significantly, such as a one-time, mandatory transition tax on our previously untaxed foreign earnings (the "transition tax") and a reduction in the federal corporation income tax rate to 21% as of january 1, 2018.
because the tax act requires complex computations that require accumulation of information not previously required or regularly produced, and because certain tax and accounting effects are currently uncertain, we were unable to complete our accounting for the tax act in fiscal 2017. we recorded provisional amounts for the changes to the tax law for which a reasonable estimate could be determined. if a reasonable estimate could not be made, we continued to apply the tax rules in effect prior to the tax act. we expect to refine our provisional amounts and to complete our accounting for the tax act during fiscal 2018 as we obtain, prepare and analyze additional information that we expect to be available during fiscal 2018. for further discussion regarding our accounting for the tax act, see note 6 in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
our provision for income taxes for the fiscal year ended december 30, 2017 is primarily attributable to income tax effects of the tax act. the provisional amount related to the transition tax was $67.2 million and the provisional amount related to the re-measurement of our u.s. deferred tax assets and liabilities for the u.s. tax rate reduction was $25.2 million. our provision for income taxes for the fiscal year ended december 30, 2017 included $32.0 million of tax benefit related to stock-based compensation that vested or settled during the period.
our provision for income taxes for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2016 is primarily attributable to federal, state and foreign income taxes on our fiscal 2016 income and includes the tax benefit resulting from the permanent reinstatement of the united states research tax credit in december 2015. during fiscal 2016, we adopted a new accounting standard related to the accounting for stock-based compensation that requires all income tax effects of stock-based awards to be recognized in our consolidated income statement as the awards vest or are settled. we adopted the accounting standard on a prospective basis and prior fiscal periods were not restated. our provision for income taxes for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2016 includes $17.2 million of tax benefit related to stock-based compensation that vested or settled during the period.
our provision for income taxes for the fiscal year ended january 2, 2016 was primarily attributable to federal, state and foreign income taxes on our fiscal 2015 income, which was partially offset by $13.8 million of tax benefit related to the effective settlement of a tax examination of a foreign subsidiary. our provision for income taxes included a tax benefit of $10.1 million resulting from the enactment of the united states research tax credit in december 2015.
our future effective tax rates may be materially impacted by tax amounts associated with our foreign earnings at rates different from the united states federal statutory rate, research credits, the tax impact of stock-based compensation, accounting for uncertain tax positions, business combinations, closure of statutes of limitations or settlement of tax audits, changes in valuation allowance and changes in tax law. a significant amount of our foreign earnings is generated by our subsidiaries organized in ireland and hungary. our future effective tax rates may be adversely affected if our earnings were to be lower in countries where we have lower statutory tax rates. we currently expect that our fiscal 2018 effective tax rate will be approximately 13%. we expect that our quarterly effective tax rates will vary from our fiscal 2018 effective tax rate as a result of recognizing the income tax effects of stock-based awards in the quarterly periods that the awards vest or are settled and other items that we cannot anticipate. we may also revise our fiscal 2018 effective tax rate as a result of further analyzing the implications of the tax act and as we complete the accounting for the tax act. for additional discussion about how our effective tax rate could be affected by various risks, see part i, item 1a, "risk factors." for further discussion regarding our income taxes, see note 6 in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
liquidity and capital resources as of                                                                                                          change december 30,            december 31,            january 2, 2016                 2017 vs. 2016      2016 vs. 2015
net working capital                                 $337.6                  $116.5                  $427.9                          $221.1             $(311.4       )
cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments as of december 30, 2017, our principal sources of liquidity consisted of $692.5 million of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments, as compared to $468.3 million as of december 31, 2016.
our primary sources of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments during fiscal 2017 were cash generated from operations, proceeds from borrowings under our revolving credit facility, proceeds from the exercise of stock options and proceeds from stock purchases under our employee stock purchase plan.
our primary uses of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments during fiscal 2017 were payments related to salaries and benefits, operating expenses, acquisitions, repurchases of our common stock, payments on our revolving credit facility, purchases of property, plant and equipment, and tax payments.
approximately 80% of our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments were held by our foreign subsidiaries as of december 30, 2017. we expect that current cash, cash equivalents and short-term investment balances, cash flows that are generated from operations and cash borrowings available under our revolving credit facility will be sufficient to meet our domestic and international working capital needs, and other capital and liquidity requirements, including acquisitions and share repurchases for at least the next 12 months.
net working capital net working capital is comprised of current assets less current liabilities, as shown on our consolidated balance sheets. the increase in our net working capital as of december 30, 2017, as compared to december 31, 2016, is primarily due to a net increase in cash and cash equivalents.
cash flows from operating activities cash flows from operating activities during fiscal 2017, 2016 and 2015 were as follows:
cash provided by operating activities      $470.7              $444.9              $378.2          $25.8                   $66.7
cash flows from operating activities include net income, adjusted for certain non-cash items, as well as changes in the balances of certain assets and liabilities. our cash flows from operating activities are significantly influenced by business levels and the payment terms set forth in our customer agreements. the increase in cash flows from operating activities during fiscal 2017, as compared to fiscal 2016, and fiscal 2016, as compared to fiscal 2015, was primarily due to the timing of cash receipts from customers and disbursements made to vendors and improved profitability.
we expect that cash flows from operating activities will fluctuate in future periods due to a number of factors, including our operating results, the timing of our billings, collections, disbursements and tax payments.
cash flows from investing activities cash flows provided by (used for) investing activities during fiscal 2017, 2016 and 2015 were as follows:
cash provided by (used for) investing activities   $(191.2     )          $1.4           $(44.5      )      $(192.6       )         $45.9
the increase in cash used for investing activities during fiscal 2017, as compared to fiscal 2016, was primarily due to an increase in cash paid for business combinations and a decrease in net proceeds from our investment portfolio. the increase in cash flows provided by investing activities during fiscal 2016, as compared to fiscal 2015, was primarily due to an increase in proceeds resulting from the sale and maturity of available-for-sale securities, partially offset by an increase in cash used for business combinations and asset acquisitions.
we expect to continue our investing activities, including purchasing property, plant and equipment, purchasing intangible assets, business combinations, purchasing software licenses, and making long-term equity investments.
cash flows from financing activities cash flows used for financing activities during fiscal 2017, 2016 and 2015 were as follows:
cash used for financing activities   $(70.1      )       $(592.7     )       $(626.3     )      $522.6                  $33.6
the decrease in cash used for financing activities during fiscal 2017, as compared to fiscal 2016, was primarily due to a decrease in payments made to repurchase shares of our common stock, partially offset by a net decrease in proceeds from borrowings. the decrease in cash used for financing activities during fiscal 2016, as compared to fiscal 2015, was primarily due to proceeds from the 2019 term loan and our revolving credit facility and a decrease in payments made to settle outstanding borrowings, offset by an increase in payments made to repurchase shares of our common stock.
other factors affecting liquidity and capital resources tax act the tax act provides an election to pay the net tax liability for the transition tax in eight annual installments. we have currently estimated a provisional net tax liability of approximately $3 million for the transition tax. the provisional net tax liability is less than the provisional federal income tax expense for the transition tax primarily because we expect to utilize tax credit carryforwards to reduce our transition tax payable. the re-measurement of our deferred tax assets for the u.s. tax rate reduction is a non-cash expense. we currently do not expect the tax act to otherwise significantly impact the amount of our cash used to pay income taxes in fiscal 2018. however, we continue to review the impact of the tax act on our cash taxes.
the tax act provides that we may repatriate earnings from our foreign subsidiaries in fiscal 2018 and future years without additional u.s. federal income taxes. we are currently evaluating our plans for our earnings from foreign subsidiaries. we currently do not expect to indefinitely reinvest our earnings from our foreign subsidiaries although we continue to assess our plans, including the impact of the tax act. we are also evaluating our plans for dividends from our foreign subsidiaries in fiscal 2018.
stock repurchase program in january 2017, our board of directors authorized the repurchase of shares of our common stock with a value of up to $525.0 million in the aggregate. we expect to repurchase approximately $50 million of our common stock during the first quarter of fiscal 2018. the actual timing and amount of future repurchases are subject to business and market conditions, corporate and regulatory requirements, acquisition opportunities and other factors. as of december 30, 2017, approximately $425 million remained available under this authorization. see part ii, item 5, "market for registrant's common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities" for additional information.
revolving credit facility our senior unsecured revolving credit facility provides for borrowings up to $350.0 million, with the right to request increased capacity up to an additional $250.0 million upon the receipt of lender commitments, for total maximum borrowings of $600.0 million. the credit facility expires on january 28, 2022 and currently has no subsidiary guarantors. any outstanding loans drawn under the credit facility are due at maturity on january 28, 2022. outstanding borrowings may be paid at any time prior to maturity. as of december 30, 2017, there were $85.0 million of borrowings outstanding under our revolving credit facility.
2019 term loan in january 2016, we entered into a $300.0 million three-year senior unsecured non-amortizing term loan facility due on january 28, 2019 (the "2019 term loan") with a group of lenders led by jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., as administrative agent. the 2019 term loan is unsecured and may be settled at any time if we elect to do so.
2024 notes in october 2014, we issued $350.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.375% senior notes due october 15, 2024. we received net proceeds of $342.4 million from the issuance of the 2024 notes, net of a discount of $1.4 million and issuance costs of $6.2 million. interest is payable in cash semi-annually. the 2024 notes are unsecured and rank equal in right of payment to all of our existing and future senior indebtedness. the proceeds from the 2024 notes are available for general corporate purposes, which may include the retirement of debt, working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and strategic transactions.
revolving credit facility                            85.0                    85.0                       -                     -                         -
(1)   with respect to purchase obligations that are cancelable by us, this table includes the amount that would have been payable if we had canceled the obligation as of december 30, 2017 or the earliest cancellation date.
(2)   included in other long-term contractual obligations are long-term income tax liabilities of $20.7 million related to unrecognized tax benefits. of the $20.7 million, we estimate $9.4 million will be paid or settled within 1 to 3 years, $9.4 million within 3 to 5 years and $1.9 million in more than 5 years. the remaining portion of other long-term contractual obligations is primarily liabilities associated with defined benefit retirement plans and acquisitions.
off-balance sheet arrangements as of december 30, 2017, we did not have any significant off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined in item 303(a)(4)(ii) of sec regulation s-k.
critical accounting estimates in preparing our consolidated financial statements, we make assumptions, judgments and estimates that can have a significant impact on our revenue, operating income and net income, as well as on the value of certain assets and liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. we base our assumptions, judgments and estimates on historical experience and various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. actual results could differ materially from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. at least quarterly, we evaluate our assumptions, judgments and estimates, and make changes as deemed necessary.
we believe that the assumptions, judgments and estimates involved in the accounting for income taxes, revenue recognition and business combinations have the greatest potential impact on our consolidated financial statements; therefore, we consider these to be our critical accounting estimates. for information on our significant accounting policies, see note 2 in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
accounting for income taxes we are subject to income taxes in the united states and numerous foreign jurisdictions. significant judgment is required in evaluating and estimating our provision for these taxes. there are many transactions that occur during the ordinary course of business for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. the tax act has many provisions that require additional guidance on specific interpretations of the tax law changes. our provision for income taxes could be adversely affected by our earnings being lower than anticipated in countries where we have lower statutory rates and higher than anticipated in countries where we have higher statutory rates, losses incurred in jurisdictions for which we are not able to realize the related tax benefit, changes in foreign currency exchange rates, entry into new businesses and geographies and changes to our existing businesses, acquisitions and investments, changes in our deferred tax assets and liabilities including changes in our assessment of valuation allowances, changes in the relevant tax laws or interpretations of these tax laws, and developments in current and future tax examinations.
we only recognize the tax benefit of an income tax position if we judge that it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained, solely on its technical merits, in a tax audit including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes. to make this judgment, we must interpret complex and sometimes ambiguous tax laws, regulations and administrative practices. if we judge that an income tax position meets this recognition threshold, then we must measure the amount of the tax benefit to be recognized by estimating the largest amount of tax benefit that has a greater than 50% cumulative probability of being realized upon settlement with a taxing authority that has full knowledge of all of the relevant facts. it is inherently difficult and subjective to estimate such amounts, as this requires us to determine the probability of various possible settlement outcomes. we must reevaluate our income tax positions on a quarterly basis to consider factors such as changes in facts or circumstances, changes in tax law, effectively settled issues under audit, the lapse of applicable statute of limitations, and new audit activity. such a change in recognition or measurement would result in recognition of a tax benefit or an additional charge to the tax provision. for a more detailed description of our unrecognized tax benefits, see note 6 in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
revenue recognition we begin to recognize revenue when all of the following criteria are met:
•   we have persuasive evidence of an arrangement with a customer;
•   collectibility of the fee is probable.
significant judgment is involved in the determination of whether the facts and circumstances of an arrangement support that the fee for the arrangement is considered to be fixed or determinable and that collectibility of the fee is probable, and these judgments can affect the amount of revenue that we recognize in a particular reporting period. for contracts that do not include a substantial upfront payment, we consider a fee to be fixed or determinable if the arrangement has payment periods that are less than or equal to the term of the licenses and the payments are collected in equal or nearly equal installments, when evaluated over the entire term of the arrangement. if we no longer were to have a history of collecting under the original contract without providing concessions on time-based licenses, revenue from such licenses would be required to be recognized when payments under the contract become due and payable. such a change could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
we must also make judgments when assessing whether a contract amendment to a time-based arrangement (primarily in the context of a license extension or renewal) constitutes a concession. we have established a history of collecting under contracts for which the fee has been assessed as fixed or determinable, without providing concessions on payments, products or services.
generally, we are able to estimate whether collection is probable, but significant judgment is applied as we assess the creditworthiness of our customers to make this determination. key external and internal factors are considered in developing our creditworthiness assessment, including public information, historical and current financial statements and past collection history. if our experience were to change, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. if, in our judgment, collection of a fee is not probable, we do not record revenue until the uncertainty is removed, which is generally upon receipt of cash payment.
revenue associated with our time-based licenses is recognized over the term of the arrangement, commencing upon the later of the effective date of the arrangement or delivery of the first software product. in general, product revenue associated with perpetual licenses where vendor specific objective evidence ("vsoe") exists for the undelivered maintenance, is recognized up front, upon the later of the effective date of the arrangement or delivery of the software product, provided all other conditions for revenue recognition have been met, and maintenance revenue is recognized ratably over the maintenance term. if certain other criteria are met, revenue for design ip is recognized upon delivery and we accrue the expected costs of maintenance. a relatively small percentage of our revenue from software and ip licenses is recognized on an upfront basis.
our hardware products generally include the hardware product and its related essential software, and maintenance for the hardware and the essential software. consideration allocated to the hardware product and the essential software is recognized as revenue at the time of delivery, provided all other conditions for revenue recognition have been met. consideration allocated to the maintenance is recognized ratably over the maintenance term.
revenue from services and customized ip arrangements is recognized either on the time and materials method, as work is performed, or on the percentage-of-completion method. if a service contract is considered to be part of a multiple element arrangement ("mea") that includes a software contract, revenue is generally recognized over the duration of the software contract. for contracts with fixed or not-to-exceed fees, we estimate on a monthly basis the percentage of completion based on the completion of milestones relating to the arrangement. we have a history of accurately estimating project status and the costs necessary to complete projects. a number of internal and external factors can affect our estimates, including labor rates, utilization and efficiency variances, and specification and testing requirement changes. if different conditions were to prevail such that accurate estimates could not be made, then the use of the completed contract method would be required and the recognition of all revenue and costs would be deferred until the project was completed. such a change could have a material impact on our results of operations.
if a group of contracts is so closely related that they are, in effect, part of a single arrangement, such arrangements are deemed to be an mea. we exercise significant judgment to evaluate the relevant facts and circumstances in determining whether the separate contracts should be accounted for individually as distinct arrangements or whether the separate contracts are, in substance, an mea. our judgments about whether a group of contracts is an mea can affect the timing of revenue recognition under those contracts, which could have an effect on our results of operations for the periods involved. for example, a perpetual license agreement that would otherwise result in upfront revenue upon delivery may be deemed part of an mea when it is executed within close proximity, or in contemplation of, other license agreements with the same customer that require revenue recognition over time, in which event all the revenue is recognized over the longest term of any component of the mea instead of up front.
for an mea that includes software and nonsoftware elements, we allocate consideration to all software elements as a group and all nonsoftware elements based on their relative standalone selling prices. revenue allocated to each deliverable is then recognized when all four criteria are met. in these circumstances, there is a hierarchy to determine the standalone selling price to be used for allocating consideration to the deliverables as follows:
we calculate the besp of our hardware products based on our pricing practices, including the historical average prices charged for comparable hardware products, because vsoe or tpe cannot be established. our process for determining besp for our software deliverables without vsoe or tpe takes into account multiple factors that vary depending upon the unique facts and circumstances related to each deliverable. key external and internal factors considered in developing the besps include prices charged by us for similar arrangements, historical pricing practices and the nature of the product. in addition, when developing besps, we may consider other factors as appropriate, including the pricing of competitive alternatives if they exist, and product-specific business objectives. we exercise significant judgment to evaluate the relevant facts and circumstances in calculating the besp of the deliverables in our arrangements.
business combinations when we acquire businesses, we allocate the purchase price to the acquired tangible assets and assumed liabilities, including deferred revenue, liabilities associated with the fair value of contingent consideration and acquired identifiable intangible assets. any residual purchase price is recorded as goodwill. the allocation of the purchase price requires us to make significant estimates in determining the fair values of these acquired assets and assumed liabilities, especially with respect to intangible assets and goodwill. these estimates are based on information obtained from management of the acquired companies, our assessment of this information, and historical experience. these estimates can include, but are not limited to, the cash flows that an acquired business is expected to generate in the future, the cash flows that specific assets acquired with that business are expected to generate in the future, the appropriate weighted-average cost of capital, and the cost savings expected to be derived from acquiring an asset. these estimates are inherently uncertain and unpredictable, and if different estimates were used, the purchase price for the acquisition could be allocated to the acquired assets and assumed liabilities differently from the allocation that we have made to the acquired assets and assumed liabilities. in addition, unanticipated events and circumstances may occur that may affect the accuracy or validity of such estimates, and if such events occur, we may be required to adjust the value allocated to acquired assets or assumed liabilities.
we also make significant judgments and estimates when we assign useful lives to the definite-lived intangible assets identified as part of our acquisitions. these estimates are inherently uncertain and if we used different estimates, the useful life over which we amortize intangible assets would be different. in addition, unanticipated events and circumstances may occur that may impact the useful life assigned to our intangible assets, which would impact our amortization of intangible assets expense and our results of operations.
new accounting standards revenue recognition in may 2014, the fasb issued asu 2014-09, "revenue from contracts with customers (topic 606)," which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in "revenue recognition (topic 605)." under topic 606, revenue is recognized when a customer obtains control of promised goods or services and is recognized in an amount that reflects the consideration which the entity expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. in addition, topic 606 requires enhanced disclosures, including disclosure of the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. the fasb has recently issued several amendments to the standard, including clarification on accounting for licenses of intellectual property and identifying performance obligations.
topic 606 permits two methods of adoption: retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented (full retrospective method), or modified retrospectively with the cumulative effect of applying the guidance as of the date of initial application (the cumulative catch-up transition method). we will adopt the standard using the cumulative catch-up transition method.
topic 606 is effective for us beginning with the first quarter of fiscal 2018. in preparation for adoption of the standard, we implemented changes to our processes related to revenue recognition and the control activities within them. the most significant impacts of our adoption of topic 606 are as follows:
•   our revenue mix is expected to remain approximately 90% recognizable over time under topic 606, as it was under topic 605;
•   because of the transition method, revenue generated under topic 606 is expected to be slightly lower than revenue would have been under topic 605 in 2018; and
•   in 2018, the year of adoption, we will report revenue under topic 606 with supplemental disclosures of what revenue would have been under topic 605.
we will continue to recognize revenue over time for our time-based software arrangements, which represent a large majority of our total revenue, because the multiple software licenses and related updates in our time-based arrangements constitute a single, combined performance obligation. the timing of revenue recognition for our hardware and professional services is expected to remain substantially unchanged.
the adoption of topic 606 will impact our accounting for meas that combine many software-related deliverables, which may include multiple software contracts with varying terms, ip licenses, and/or service elements. topic 605 requires vsoe to recognize revenue separately for the different undelivered elements. we have not established vsoe under topic 605, thus the revenue related to these agreements is generally recognized over time beginning with the delivery of the last specified deliverable and ending on the latest end date. topic 606 requires us to separate the different elements through the use of stand-alone selling prices ("ssps"), and to recognize the revenue allocated to the different elements as if those elements had been sold on a standalone basis, either up front or over time. certain ip license agreements will be recognized up front under topic 606, as opposed to over time under topic 605. in addition, certain software agreements will be recognized over time under topic 606, as opposed to up front under topic 605. despite these changes, we expect our revenue mix will be similar, such that approximately 90% of our revenue is recognized over time.
more judgments and estimates are required under topic 606 than are required under topic 605, including estimating the ssp for each performance obligation identified within our contracts. due to the complexity of certain contracts, the actual revenue recognition treatment required under the new standard for these arrangements may be dependent on contract-specific terms and vary in some instances.
under the cumulative catch-up transition method, we have evaluated our contracts that were in effect on the adoption date as if they had been accounted for under topic 606 from contract inception. some revenue related to the meas and ip arrangements noted above that would have been recognized in future periods under topic 605 will be recast under topic 606 as if the revenue had been recognized in prior periods. as this transition method requires that we not adjust historical reported revenue amounts, the revenue that would have been recognized under this method prior to the adoption date will be an adjustment to retained earnings and will not be recognized as revenue in future periods as previously planned. because of this transition method, approximately 3% of our year-end backlog will be adjusted to retained earnings upon adoption.
topic 606 also requires the deferral of incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer. this requires that we capitalize commission costs that are directly related to obtaining customer contracts and amortize them over the life of the contract. we anticipate the amount of the amortization of capitalized commissions under topic 606 will be similar to the amount of commissions expense for fiscal 2018 bookings under topic 605 and will not have a significant impact on our consolidated income statements.
financial instruments in january 2016, the fasb issued asu 2016-01, "financial instruments-overall (subtopic 825-10): recognition and measurement of financial assets and financial liabilities," which will impact certain aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of financial instruments. the updated standard becomes effective for us in the first quarter of fiscal 2018. upon the effective date of the new standard, all equity investments in unconsolidated entities, other than those accounted for using the equity method of accounting, will generally be measured at fair value with the changes in fair value recognized through earnings. there will no longer be an available-for-sale classification for equity investments and therefore, the changes in the fair value of our marketable equity securities will no longer be reported in other comprehensive income (loss).
the updated standard also simplifies the impairment assessment of investments without readily determinable fair values by requiring a qualitative assessment of investments at each reporting period. the new guidance must be applied by means of a cumulative-effect adjustment to the balance sheet as of the beginning of the year of adoption. we do not anticipate that the adoption of this standard will have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements or the related disclosures based on our current holdings of equity investments.
leases in february 2016, the fasb issued asu 2016-02, "leases (topic 842)," requiring, among other things, the recognition of lease liabilities and corresponding right-of-use assets on the balance sheet by lessees for certain lease arrangements that are classified as operating leases under the previous standard. while we are continuing to assess the potential impacts of the standard, we anticipate that the adoption of this standard will have a material impact on our consolidated balance sheets and may require changes to our systems and processes. we currently expect the most significant impact will be the recognition of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for operating leases. the updated standard will become effective for us in the first quarter of fiscal 2019.
income tax in october 2016, the fasb issued asu 2016-16, "income taxes (topic 740): intra-entity transfers of assets other than inventory." the new guidance requires the recognition of the income tax consequences of an intra-entity asset transfer when the transfer occurs. for intra-entity transfers of inventory, the income tax effects will continue to be deferred until the inventory has been sold to a third party. the new standard becomes effective for us in the first quarter of fiscal 2018. the new guidance must be applied on a modified retrospective basis through a cumulative-effect adjustment directly to retained earnings as of the beginning of the period of adoption. we are currently evaluating the effects that the adoption of this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements. we anticipate the potential for increased volatility in future effective tax rates from the adoption of this guidance.
in december 2017, the sec issued staff accounting bulletin no. 118 ("sab 118") regarding the accounting for income taxes in the reporting period that includes the date on which the united states enacted the tax act. the tax act significantly changes existing u.s. tax law and includes numerous provisions that will affect businesses. u.s. gaap generally requires companies to recognize the effect of tax law changes in the period of enactment. sab 118 will allow registrants to record provisional amounts for a period of up to one year from the date of enactment when it does not have the necessary information available, prepared or analyzed (including computations) in reasonable detail to complete its accounting for the changes in tax law. this provisional period ends when a company has obtained, prepared, and analyzed the information necessary to finalize its accounting, but cannot extend beyond december 22, 2018. because the tax act was passed late in the fourth quarter of 2017, and ongoing guidance and accounting interpretations are expected in the future, we consider the accounting of the transition tax, deferred tax remeasurement, and other items to be incomplete due to the forthcoming guidance and our ongoing analysis of final year-end data and tax positions. we expect to refine our provisional amounts and to complete our accounting for the tax act during fiscal 2018. for further discussion, see note 6 in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
business combinations in january 2017, the fasb issued asu 2017-01, "business combinations (topic 805): clarifying the definition of a business," that revises the definition of a business as it relates to acquisitions, disposals, goodwill impairments and consolidations. the updated standard becomes effective for us in the first quarter of fiscal 2018, and early adoption is permitted. we do not anticipate that the adoption of this standard will have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements or the related disclosures.
goodwill impairment in january 2017, the fasb issued asu 2017-04, "intangibles-goodwill and other (topic 350): simplifying the test for goodwill impairment," that eliminates "step 2" from the goodwill impairment test. the new standard will be effective for us in the first quarter of fiscal 2020, and early adoption is permitted. the new guidance must be applied on a prospective basis. we do not anticipate that the adoption of this standard will have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements or the related disclosures.
stock-based compensation in may 2017, the fasb issued asu 2017-09, "compensation-stock compensation (topic 718): scope of modification accounting," that provides guidance about which changes to the terms or conditions of a share-based payment award require an entity to apply modification accounting. the new standard is effective for us in the first quarter of fiscal 2018. the new guidance must be applied on a prospective basis. we do not anticipate that the adoption of this standard will have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements or the related disclosures.
income tax effects within accumulated other comprehensive income in february 2018, the fasb issued asu 2018-02, "reclassification of certain tax effects from accumulated other comprehensive income," that allows a reclassification of the income tax effects of the tax act on items within accumulated other comprehensive income to retained earnings. the new guidance may be applied at the beginning of the period of adoption or retrospectively to each period in which the effect of the change in federal income tax rate from the tax act is recognized. the new standard will be effective for us in the first quarter of fiscal 2019, and early adoption is permitted. we are currently evaluating the effects that the adoption of this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements and the related disclosures.