item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (amounts in millions, except per share, share, membership fee, and warehouse count data)
overview we believe that the most important driver of our profitability is sales growth, particularly comparable sales growth. we define comparable sales as sales from warehouses open for more than one year, including remodels, relocations and expansions, as well as online sales related to e-commerce websites operating for more than one year. comparable sales growth is achieved through increasing shopping frequency from new and existing members and the amount they spend on each visit (average ticket). sales comparisons can also be particularly influenced by certain factors that are beyond our control: fluctuations in currency exchange rates (with respect to the consolidation of the results of our international operations); and changes in the cost of gasoline and associated competitive conditions (primarily impacting our u.s. and canadian operations). the higher our comparable sales exclusive of these items, the more we can leverage certain of our selling, general and administrative expenses, reducing them as a percentage of sales and enhancing profitability. generating comparable sales growth is foremost a question of making available to our members the right merchandise at the right prices, a skill that we believe we have repeatedly demonstrated over the long term. another substantial factor in sales growth is the health of the economies in which we do business, especially the united states. sales growth and gross margins are also impacted by our competition, which is vigorous and widespread, across a wide range of global, national and regional wholesalers and retailers. while we cannot control or reliably predict general economic health or changes in competition, we believe that we have been successful historically in adapting our business to these changes, such as through adjustments to our pricing and to our merchandise mix, including increasing the penetration of our private label items.
our philosophy is to provide our members with quality goods and services at the most competitive prices. we do not focus in the short term on maximizing prices charged, but instead seek to maintain what we believe is a perception among our members of our "pricing authority" - consistently providing the most competitive values. our investments in merchandise pricing can, from time to time, include reducing prices on merchandise to drive sales or meet competition and holding prices steady despite cost increases instead of passing the increases on to our members, all negatively impacting near-term gross margin as a percentage of net sales (gross margin percentage). we believe that our gasoline business draws members but it generally has a significantly lower gross margin percentage relative to our non-gasoline business. a higher penetration of gasoline sales will generally lower our gross margin percentage. rapidly changing gasoline prices may significantly impact our near-term net sales growth. generally, rising gasoline prices benefit net sales growth which, given the higher sales base, negatively impacts our gross margin percentage but decreases our selling, general and administrative (sg&a) expenses as a percentage of net sales. a decline in gasoline prices has the inverse effect. we operate our lower-margin gasoline business in all countries except korea and france.
we also achieve sales growth by opening new warehouses. as our warehouse base grows, available and desirable potential sites become more difficult to secure, and square footage growth becomes a comparatively less substantial component of growth. the negative aspects of such growth, however, including lower initial operating profitability relative to existing warehouses and cannibalization of sales at existing warehouses when openings occur in existing markets, are increasingly less significant relative to the results of our total operations. our rate of square footage growth is generally higher in foreign markets, due to the smaller base in those markets, and we expect that to continue. our e-commerce business growth both domestically and internationally has also increased our sales.
our membership format is an integral part of our business model and has a significant effect on our profitability. this format is designed to reinforce member loyalty and provide continuing fee revenue. the extent to which we achieve growth in our membership base, increase penetration of our executive members, and sustain high renewal rates, materially influences our profitability.
our financial performance depends heavily on our ability to control costs. while we believe that we have achieved successes in this area historically, some significant costs are partially outside our control, most
item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (amounts in millions, except per share, share, membership fee, and warehouse count data) (continued)
particularly health care and utility expenses. with respect to expenses relating to the compensation of our employees, our philosophy is not to seek to minimize their wages and benefits. rather, we believe that achieving our longer-term objectives of reducing employee turnover and enhancing employee satisfaction requires maintaining compensation levels that are better than the industry average for much of our workforce. this may cause us, for example, to absorb costs that other employers might seek to pass through to their workforces. because our business is operated on very low gross margins, modest changes in various items in the income statement, particularly merchandise costs and sg&a expenses, can have substantial impacts on net income.
our operating model is generally the same across our u.s., canada, and other international operating segments (see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report). certain countries in the other international segment have relatively higher rates of square footage growth, lower wages and benefit costs as a percentage of country sales, and/or less or no direct membership warehouse competition.
in discussions of our consolidated operating results, we refer to the impact of changes in foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar, which are references to the differences between the foreign-exchange rates we use to convert the financial results of our international operations from local currencies into u.s. dollars for financial reporting purposes. this impact of foreign-exchange rate changes is calculated based on the difference between the current period's currency exchange rates and that of the comparable prior period. the impact of changes in gasoline prices on net sales is calculated based on the difference between the current period's average price per gallon sold and that of the comparable prior period.
highlights for fiscal year 2017 included:
•   net sales increased 9% to $126,172, driven by a 4% increase in comparable sales, sales at new warehouses opened in 2016 and 2017, and the benefit of one additional week of sales in 2017;
•   sg&amp;a expenses as a percentage of net sales decreased 14 basis points, driven by lower costs associated with the co-branded credit card arrangement in the u.s.;
•   net income increased 14% to $2,679, or $6.08 per diluted share compared to $2,350, or $5.33 per diluted share in 2016. the 2017 results were positively impacted by a $82 tax benefit, or $0.19 per diluted share, in connection with the special cash dividend paid to the company's 401(k) plan participants and other net benefits of approximately $51, or $0.07 per diluted share, for non-recurring net legal and other matters;
item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (amounts in millions, except per share, share, membership fee, and warehouse count data) (continued)
changes in net sales:
changes in comparable sales:
increases in comparable sales excluding the impact of changes in foreign currency and gasoline prices:
net sales net sales increased $10,099 or 9% during 2017, primarily due to a 4% increase in comparable sales, new warehouses opened in 2016 and 2017, and the benefit of one additional week of sales in 2017. changes in gasoline prices positively impacted net sales by approximately $785, or 68 basis points, due to an 8% increase in the average sales price per gallon. changes in foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar negatively impacted net sales by approximately $295, or 25 basis points, compared to 2016. the negative impact was driven by other international operations, partially offset by positive impacts attributable to our canadian operations.
comparable sales comparable sales increased 4% during 2017 and were positively impacted by an increase in shopping frequency and, to a lesser extent, an increased average ticket. the average ticket and comparable sales results were positively impacted by an increase in gasoline prices, offset by decreases in foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar. changes in comparable sales includes the negative impact of cannibalization (established warehouses losing sales to our newly opened locations).
net sales net sales increased $2,407 or 2% during 2016. this was attributable to sales at new warehouses opened in 2015 and 2016. comparable sales were flat. changes in foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar negatively impacted net sales by approximately $2,690, or 237 basis points, compared to 2015. the negative impact was primarily attributable to our canadian operations and within certain of our other international
item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (amounts in millions, except per share, share, membership fee, and warehouse count data) (continued)
operations. changes in gasoline prices negatively impacted net sales by approximately $2,194, or 193 basis points, due to a 19% decrease in the average sales price per gallon.
comparable sales comparable sales were flat during 2016, with an increase in shopping frequency offset by a decrease in the average ticket. the average ticket and comparable sales results were negatively impacted by changes in foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar and a decrease in gasoline prices. changes in comparable sales includes the negative impact of cannibalization (established warehouses losing sales to our newly opened locations).
in the first fiscal quarter of 2017, we increased our annual membership fees in certain of our other international operations. effective june 1, 2017, we also increased our annual membership fees in the u.s. and canada for gold star (individual), business and business add-on by $5 to $60 and for executive membership from$110 to $120 (annual membership fee of $60, plus the executive upgrade of $60); and the maximum 2% reward associated with executive membership increased from $750 to $1,000 annually. we account for membership fee revenue on a deferred basis, recognized ratably over the one-year membership period. these fee increases had a positive impact on membership fee revenues during 2017 of approximately $23 and will positively impact the next several quarters. we expect these increases to positively impact membership fee revenue by approximately $175 in fiscal 2018.
the increase in membership fees was primarily due to membership sign-ups at existing and new warehouses and increased upgrades to our higher-fee executive membership program. these increases were partially offset by changes in foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar, which negatively impacted fees by approximately $52 in 2016.
item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (amounts in millions, except per share, share, membership fee, and warehouse count data) (continued)
less merchandise costs        111,882               102,901               101,065
the gross margin of our core merchandise categories (food and sundries, hardlines, softlines and fresh foods), when expressed as a percentage of core merchandise sales (rather than total net sales), increased eight basis points due to increases in these categories other than fresh foods. this measure eliminates the impact of changes in sales penetration and gross margins from our warehouse ancillary and other businesses.
total gross margin percentage decreased two basis points compared to 2016. excluding the impact of gasoline price inflation on net sales, gross margin as a percentage of adjusted net sales was 11.40%, an increase of five basis points. this increase was primarily due to amounts earned under the co-branded credit card arrangement in the u.s. of 15 basis points and a benefit of three basis points from non-recurring legal settlements and other matters. the improvement in terms in our current co-brand agreement as compared to the prior co-brand arrangement led to substantial year over year benefits in fiscal 2017. changes of comparable magnitude will not occur in subsequent years. these increases were partially offset by a six basis point decrease in our core merchandise categories, primarily due to food and sundries as a result of a decrease in sales penetration. the gross margin percentage was also negatively impacted by five basis points due to a lifo benefit in 2016 and one basis point in warehouse ancillary and other businesses. changes in foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar had an immaterial impact on gross margin in 2017.
gross margin on a segment basis, when expressed as a percentage of the segment's own sales and excluding the impact of changes in gasoline prices on net sales (segment gross margin percentage), increased in our u.s. operations, due to amounts earned under the co-branded credit card arrangement and non-recurring legal settlements and other matters as discussed above. these increases were partially offset by a decrease in core merchandise categories, predominantly food and sundries as a result of a decrease in sales penetration, and a lifo benefit in 2016. the segment gross margin percentage in our canadian operations increased, primarily due to increases in warehouse ancillary and other businesses, primarily our pharmacy business, partially offset by a decrease in our core merchandise categories, largely fresh foods. the segment gross margin percentage increased in our other international operations due to increases across all core merchandise categories, except fresh foods.
total gross margin percentage increased 26 basis points compared to 2015. excluding the impact of gasoline price deflation on net sales, gross margin as a percentage of adjusted net sales was 11.14%, an increase of five basis points. a larger lifo benefit in 2016 compared to 2015 positively contributed three basis points. the lifo benefit resulted largely from lower costs for merchandise inventories, primarily in food and sundries and gasoline. our core merchandise categories positively contributed one basis point, primarily due to an increase in hardlines, partially offset by food and sundries due to a decrease in sales penetration. warehouse ancillary and other business gross margin positively contributed one basis point, primarily due to hearing aids and e-commerce businesses, partially offset by our gasoline business. changes in foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar negatively impacted gross margin by approximately $286 in 2016.
item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (amounts in millions, except per share, share, membership fee, and warehouse count data) (continued)
segment gross margin percentage increased in our u.s. operations predominantly due to a positive contribution from our core merchandise categories, primarily hardlines and softlines, and the lifo benefit discussed above. the segment gross margin percentage in our canadian operations decreased, primarily due to a decrease in all core merchandise categories, except hardlines, partially offset by increases in warehouse ancillary and other businesses, primarily pharmacy and e-commerce businesses. the segment gross margin percentage in other international operations decreased in all merchandise categories, except fresh foods, which was higher.
sg&a expenses as a percentage of net sales decreased 14 basis points compared to 2016. excluding the impact of gasoline price inflation on net sales, sg&a expenses as a percentage of adjusted net sales was 10.33%, a decrease of seven basis points. operating costs related to warehouses, ancillary, and other businesses, which includes e-commerce and travel, were lower by nine basis points, primarily due to lower costs associated with the co-branded credit card arrangement in the u.s. of 18 basis points. the improvement in terms in our current co-brand agreement as compared to the prior co-brand arrangement led to substantial year over year benefits in fiscal 2017. changes of comparable magnitude will not occur in subsequent years. this was partially offset by higher payroll and employee benefit expenses of 11 basis points, primarily in our u.s. operations. central operating costs were higher by one basis point, primarily due to increased costs associated with our information systems modernization, including increased depreciation for projects placed in service, incurred by our u.s. operations. stock compensation expense was also higher by one basis point. changes in foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar had an immaterial impact in 2017.
sg&a expenses as a percentage of net sales increased 33 basis points compared to 2015. excluding the negative impact of gasoline price deflation on net sales, sg&a expenses as a percentage of adjusted net sales were 10.20%, an increase of 13 basis points. this was largely due to: higher central operating costs of six basis points, predominantly due to costs associated with our information systems modernization, including increased depreciation for projects placed in service, incurred by our u.s. operations; and higher stock compensation expense of four basis points, due to appreciation in the trading price of our stock at the time of grant. charges for non-recurring legal and regulatory matters during 2016 negatively impacted sg&a expenses by two basis points. operating costs related to warehouses, ancillary, and other businesses, which includes e-commerce and travel, were higher by one basis point due to higher payroll and employee benefit costs, primarily health care, in our u.s. operations. this increase was partially offset by lower payroll expense as a percentage of net sales in our canadian operations. changes in foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar decreased our sg&a expenses by approximately $211 in 2016.
warehouse openings, including relocations united states                                        15              25              14
item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (amounts in millions, except per share, share, membership fee, and warehouse count data) (continued)
preopening expenses include costs for startup operations related to new warehouses, including relocations, development in new international markets, and expansions at existing warehouses. in 2017, we entered into two new international markets, iceland and france. preopening expenses vary due to the number of warehouse openings, the timing of the opening relative to our year-end, whether the warehouse is owned or leased, and whether the opening is in an existing, new, or international market.
interest expense primarily relates to senior notes issued by the company (described in further detail under the heading "cash flows from financing activities" and in note 4 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report).
foreign-currency transaction gains (losses), net      (5   )          28                47
foreign-currency transaction gains (losses), net include the revaluation or settlement of monetary assets and liabilities and mark-to-market adjustments for forward foreign-exchange contracts by our canadian and other international operations. see derivatives and foreign currency sections in item 8, note 1 of this report.
the decrease in interest income in 2016 is attributable to lower average cash and investment balances, due in part to the payment of the outstanding principal balance and interest on the 0.65% senior notes in the second quarter of 2016.
provision for income taxes
provision for income taxes      $1,325              $1,243              $1,195
in 2017 and 2015, our provision was favorably impacted by net tax benefits of $104 and $68, respectively, primarily due to tax benefits recorded in connection with the may 2017 and february 2015 special cash dividends paid to employees through our 401(k) retirement plan of $82 and $57, respectively. these dividends are deductible for u.s. income tax purposes.
item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (amounts in millions, except per share, share, membership fee, and warehouse count data) (continued)
liquidity and capital resources the following table summarizes our significant sources and uses of cash and cash equivalents:
net cash provided by operating activities      $6,726              $3,292              $4,285
net cash used in investing activities          (2,366   )          (2,345   )          (2,480   )
net cash used in financing activities          (3,218   )          (2,419   )          (2,324   )
our primary sources of liquidity are cash flows generated from warehouse operations, cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments. cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments were $5,779 and $4,729 at the end of 2017 and 2016, respectively. of these balances, approximately $1,255 and $1,071 represented unsettled credit and debit card receivables, respectively. these receivables generally settle within four days. cash and cash equivalents were positively impacted by changes in exchange rates of $25 and $50 in 2017 and 2016, respectfully, and negatively impacted by $418 in 2015.
we have not provided for u.s. deferred taxes on cumulative undistributed earnings of certain non-u.s. consolidated subsidiaries, including the remaining undistributed earnings of our canadian operations, because our subsidiaries have invested or will invest the undistributed earnings indefinitely, or the earnings if repatriated would not result in an adverse tax consequence. although we have historically asserted that certain non-u.s. undistributed earnings will be permanently reinvested, we may repatriate such earnings to the extent we can do so without an adverse tax consequence. if we determine that such earnings are no longer indefinitely reinvested, deferred taxes, to the extent required and applicable, are recorded at that time. during 2017, we changed our position regarding an additional portion of the undistributed earnings of our canadian operations, as we determined such earnings could be repatriated without adverse tax consequences. subsequent to the end of 2017, we repatriated a portion of our undistributed earnings in our canadian operations without adverse tax consequences.
management believes that our cash position and operating cash flows will be sufficient to meet our liquidity and capital requirements for the foreseeable future. we believe that our u.s. current and projected asset position is sufficient to meet our u.s. liquidity requirements and have no current plans to repatriate for use in the u.s. cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments held by non-u.s. consolidated subsidiaries whose earnings are considered indefinitely reinvested. cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments held at these subsidiaries with earnings considered to be indefinitely reinvested totaled $1,463 at september 3, 2017.
cash flows from operating activities net cash provided by operating activities totaled $6,726 in 2017, compared to $3,292 in 2016. our cash flow provided by operations is primarily derived from net sales and membership fees. cash flow used in operations generally consists of payments to our merchandise vendors, warehouse operating costs including payroll and employee benefits, utilities, and credit and debit card processing fees. cash used in operations also includes payments for income taxes. the increase in net cash provided by operating activities for 2017 when compared to 2016 was primarily due to accelerated vendor payments of approximately $1,700 made in the last week of fiscal 2016, in advance of implementing our modernized accounting system.
cash flows from investing activities net cash used in investing activities totaled $2,366 in 2017, compared to $2,345 in 2016. cash flow used in investing activities is primarily related to funding warehouse expansion and remodeling. net cash flows from investing activities also includes purchases and maturities of short-term investments.
item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (amounts in millions, except per share, share, membership fee, and warehouse count data) (continued)
capital expenditure plans our primary requirement for capital is acquiring land, buildings, and equipment for new and remodeled warehouses. to a lesser extent, capital is required for initial warehouse operations, our information systems, and working capital. we opened 26 new warehouses and relocated 2 warehouses in 2017 and plan to open up to 24 new warehouses and relocate up to six warehouses in 2018. in 2017 we spent $2,502 on capital expenditures, and it is our current intention to spend approximately $2,500 to $2,700 during fiscal 2018. these expenditures are expected to be financed with cash from operations, existing cash and cash equivalents, and short-term investments. there can be no assurance that current expectations will be realized and plans are subject to change upon further review of our capital expenditure needs.
cash flows from financing activities net cash used in financing activities totaled $3,218 in 2017, compared to $2,419 in 2016. the primary uses of cash in 2017 were related to dividend payments, predominantly the special dividend paid in may 2017, and the repayments of debt totaling $2,200 representing the aggregate principal balances of the 5.5% and 1.125% senior notes. net cash used in financing activities in 2016 includes a $1,200 repayment of our 0.65% senior notes in december 2015.
stock repurchase programs during 2017 and 2016, we repurchased 2,998,000 and 3,184,000 shares of common stock, at average prices of $157.87 and $149.90, totaling approximately $473 and $477, respectively. the remaining amount available to be purchased under our approved plan was $2,749 at the end of 2017. these amounts may differ from the stock repurchase balances in the accompanying consolidated statements of cash flows due to changes in unsettled stock repurchases at the end of each fiscal year. purchases are made from time-to-time, as conditions warrant, in the open market or in block purchases and pursuant to plans under sec rule 10b5-1. repurchased shares are retired, in accordance with the washington business corporation act.
bank credit facilities and commercial paper programs we maintain bank credit facilities for working capital and general corporate purposes. at september 3, 2017, we had borrowing capacity under these facilities of $833, including a $400 revolving line of credit entered into by our u.s. operations in june 2017 with an expiration date of one year. the company currently has no plans to draw upon the new revolving line of credit. our international operations maintain $349 of the total borrowing capacity under bank credit facilities, of which $166 is guaranteed by the company. there were no outstanding short-term borrowings under the bank credit facilities at the end of 2017 and 2016.
the company has letter of credit facilities, for commercial and standby letters of credit, totaling $181. the outstanding standby letters of credit under these facilities at the end of 2017 totaled $103 and expire within one year. the bank credit facilities have various expiration dates, all within one year, and we generally intend to renew these facilities prior to their expiration. the amount of borrowings available at any time under our bank credit facilities is reduced by the amount of standby and commercial letters of credit then outstanding.
item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (amounts in millions, except per share, share, membership fee, and warehouse count data) (continued)
contractual obligations at september 3, 2017, our commitments to make future payments under contractual obligations were as follows:
capital lease obligations(4)                                     32                    65                       66                          582                      745
(2)   includes contractual interest payments and excludes deferred issuance costs.
(3)   operating lease obligations exclude amounts for common area maintenance, taxes, and insurance and have been reduced by $112 to reflect sub-lease income.
(4)   includes build-to-suit lease obligations and contractual interest payments.
(5)   the amounts exclude certain services negotiated at the individual warehouse or regional level that are not significant and generally contain clauses allowing for cancellation without significant penalty.
(6)   includes asset retirement obligations, deferred compensation obligations and current liabilities for unrecognized tax contingencies. the total amount excludes $35 of non-current unrecognized tax contingencies and $29 of other obligations due to uncertainty regarding the timing of future cash payments.
off-balance sheet arrangements in the opinion of management, we have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have had, or are reasonably likely to have, a material current or future effect on our financial condition or financial statements other than operating leases, included in the table above and discussed in note 1 and note 5 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of our consolidated financial statements in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (u.s. gaap) requires that we make estimates and judgments, including those related to revenue recognition, merchandise inventory valuation, impairment of long-lived assets, insurance/self-insurance liabilities, and income taxes. we base our estimates on historical experience and on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable, and we continue to review and evaluate these estimates. for further information on significant accounting policies, see discussion in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report.
item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (amounts in millions, except per share, share, membership fee, and warehouse count data) (continued)
revenue recognition we generally recognize sales, which includes gross shipping fees where applicable, net of returns, at the time the member takes possession of merchandise or receives services. when we collect payment from members prior to the transfer of ownership of merchandise or the performance of services, the amount is generally recorded as deferred sales in the consolidated balance sheets until the sale or service is completed. we provide for estimated sales returns based on historical trends and reduce sales and merchandise costs accordingly. our sales returns reserve is based on an estimate of the net realizable value of merchandise inventories to be returned. amounts collected from members for sales and value added taxes are recorded on a net basis.
we evaluate whether it is appropriate to record the gross amount of merchandise sales and related costs or a net amount. generally, when we are the primary obligor, subject to inventory risk, have latitude in establishing prices and selecting suppliers, influence product or service specifications, or have several but not all of these indicators, revenue is recorded on a gross basis. if we are not the primary obligor and do not possess other indicators of gross reporting as noted above, we record a net amount, which is reflected in net sales.
we account for membership fee revenue, net of refunds, on a deferred basis, whereby revenue is recognized ratably over one year. our executive members qualify for a 2% reward on qualified purchases (up to a maximum reward of approximately $1,000 per year in the u.s. and canada and varies in our other international operations), which can be redeemed only at costco warehouses. we account for this reward as a reduction in sales. the sales reduction and corresponding liability are computed after giving effect to the estimated impact of non-redemptions, based on historical data.
merchandise inventories merchandise inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. u.s. merchandise inventories are valued by the cost method of accounting, using the last-in, first-out (lifo) basis. the company believes the lifo method more fairly presents the results of operations by more closely matching current costs with current revenues. the company records an adjustment each quarter, if necessary, for the projected annual effect of inflation or deflation, and these estimates are adjusted to actual results determined at year-end, after actual inflation rates and inventory levels for the year have been determined. canadian and other international merchandise inventories are predominantly valued using the cost and retail inventory methods, respectively, using the first-in, first-out (fifo) basis.
we provide for estimated inventory shrinkage between physical inventory counts as a percentage of net sales. the provision is adjusted to reflect results of the actual physical inventory counts, which generally occur in the second and fourth quarters.
inventory cost, where appropriate, is reduced by estimates of vendor rebates when earned or as we progress toward earning those rebates, provided they are probable and reasonably estimable. other consideration received from vendors is generally recorded as a reduction of merchandise costs upon completion of contractual milestones, terms of agreement, or using other systematic approaches.
impairment of long-lived assets we evaluate our long-lived assets for impairment on an annual basis, when relocating or closing a facility, or when events or changes in circumstances occur that may indicate the carrying amount may not be fully recoverable. our judgments are based on existing market and operational conditions. future events could cause us to conclude that impairment factors exist, requiring a downward adjustment of these assets to their then-current fair value.
item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (amounts in millions, except per share, share, membership fee, and warehouse count data) (continued)
insurance/self-insurance liabilities we are predominantly self-insured, with insurance coverage for certain catastrophic risks, for employee health care benefits, workers' compensation, general liability, property damage, directors' and officers' liability, vehicle liability, and inventory loss. we use different mechanisms including a wholly-owned captive insurance subsidiary and participate in a reinsurance program. liabilities associated with the risks that we retain are not discounted and are estimated, in part, by considering historical claims experience, demographic factors, severity factors and other actuarial assumptions. the estimated accruals for these liabilities could be significantly affected if future occurrences and claims differ from these assumptions and historical trends.
income taxes the determination of our provision for income taxes requires significant judgment, the use of estimates, and the interpretation and application of complex tax laws. significant judgment also is required in assessing the timing and amounts of deductible and taxable items and the probability of sustaining uncertain tax positions. the benefits associated with uncertain tax positions are recorded only after determining a more-likely-than-not probability that the positions will withstand challenge from tax authorities. when facts and circumstances change, we reassess these positions and record any changes in the consolidated financial statements as appropriate. our cumulative foreign undistributed earnings, except the additional portion of earnings in canada, were considered indefinitely reinvested as of september 3, 2017. these earnings would be subject to u.s. income tax if we changed our position and could result in a u.s. deferred tax liability. although we have historically asserted that certain non-u.s. undistributed earnings will be permanently reinvested, we may repatriate such earnings to the extent we can do so without an adverse tax consequence.
recent accounting pronouncements see note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report for a detailed description of recent accounting pronouncements.